 Totally agree. It's ridiculous that we don't haver it in this country. Someday, I think. Hopefully. 
 All they mentioned was that it was a truly heart breaking horror and that evil is sadly always present.
 Right there is not one source out there that you can trust. I hate the news outlets, but still need to see what's going on.
 I think so that they can attempt to make them look like a liar or a fool or whatever negative thing they can think of.
 Agreed! It's almost as ignorant as the judge who tried to ban a science fiction  comic all because it featured a black character back in 1950! The audacity of some people!
 Yea like the UN appointing an official ambassador to extraterrestrials 
 Nope! He got a cat. And I hate that thing. It's the worst cat ever. He just scratches and pees everywhere. JERK!
 If only that money was put to better use.
 I think if we were to address the cost of inflation and the realities of what our government has done to the economy vs what other countries are doing we would be in a better place as a nation in america. 
 What did you think of the article about the shootings in Parkland
 Exactly. All certain politicians care about is money.They don't care about what is best for people. If they did, things would be better and maybe the violence would end.
 Very true. It has been good talking to ya. 
 I wonder why he's allowed back
 I guess they are giving him a "fresh start" which means as long as he plays good we don't care
 Yea I don't think that's ethical either.
 That's how I feel too, about little ole Pluto.  I feel like the bullies are picking on him and I need to stand up and defend the little guy.  
 Can helium be created in a lab? On a personal note, I have two helium balloons stuck in my vaulted ceiling. That helium lasts for at least 3 weeks. It is getting tiresome.]
 It sounds bogus. Three bases? I've never heard of that. Somebody check the rule book! Giamatti would not accept that rule.
 Can you imagine someone like Tommy Lasorda playing.  It would be like Babe Ruth getting caught stealing in the 1926 World Series. 
 Yep.  Funny, kickball is called soccer-baseball in Canada. 
 I have 3 adult kids.  Only one was a real challenge.  As a parent, it's easy to feel like a failure during this phase.
 My daughter did, not so much with my sons.  Sometimes when as a parent or husband, it's better just to walk of and regroup. 
 That's nuts.  Mine cost less than $10.  You want nice things for your kids but when it gets ridiculous, stand your ground and don't doubt yourself. 
 Hee.  I suspect that it is.  You've been an excellent chat partner! Thanks. 
 Basically fan fiction, George rr martin doesn't like fan fiction though, but fan fiction may have to finish Game of Thrones at his writing rate.
 I know right, luckily times have changed but that kind of behavior makes me really angry, 
 This government shutdown is not looking great.
 That is quite sad. Only 20% remaining, well I hope we can conserve that at least.
 Yes, I agree. Although she is reported to be the highest-paid reality personality of 2015 with her total earnings exceeding $53 million.
 Yep.  That's crazy.  They must like doing it cause that has to take its toll.  I guess performers like that go all the way back to ancient Greece and Rome.  We still use their acoustic designs for venues/amphitheaters. 
 No kidding... I would like to see that.  Pink Floyd is very creative but on the dark side.  While I'm not big on pop at least it's mostly upbeat albeit mind numbing... 
 Agree, So glad Nasa made the right choice putting the US flag and not the UN flag!
 What?! That's far too recent. I didn't realize sexism quite that blatant was so recent. Very upsetting. 
 That's absolutely horrible and unacceptable. There seems to be a decent amount of suppression going around. 
 are you a Henry David Thoreau fan?
 Yeah my thoughts indeed. I love trees and nature. It's a shame that more than 80% of our forests have been destroyed.
 They would probably make them into sandals and put dry tea bags in them to remove the smell. 
 Most of that is BLM land leased to ranchers.  That other 14% must be Vegas. 
 Sounds like a plan... He could get in the business of selling used ballet shoes.  They can go through 4 pairs a week.
 Their toes much suffer too.  Maybe there should be ballet boots.  If they fall, they can pull themselves up by their bootstraps. 
 Another great idea... Or use the boots that the turkey movers do in Norfolk.
 Yeah, farmers used to walk turkeys from Norfolk to London in the 18th century. 
 Yeah, it only marginally beats out starvation or selling the Eiffel Tower. 
 Same here -- nice chat.  I sure won't be ballet... 
 I disagree. I think animals are also very logical and intelligent. If you think about it, they are smarter than us. Humans are responsible for destroying the planet - and not only are we aware of that, we are consciously choosing to continue!
 I am not a fan of Mitch McConnell.  The senate majority leader has gone somewhat nuts.
 Yes but even in 2016 the CIA was meeting with senior congressional leaders over the fact that Putin had authorized an operation to destabilize our election
 Yes but it is scary that McConnell is denying the evidence and claiming that it is just a scheme by the CIA to discredit Trump.  He does not believe all of our national security agencies.
 yes... but once he paid... everything was fine... sorry, if something happened to my child, no money in the world would make it fine... that's why I don't believe in that...
 Yeah, I bet there are a lot of bird-hating spiders.  I did know that but the wild birds of Australia have an added talent: they can mimic the sounds of stuff like car alarms and chainsaws. 
 Yep. We had quarter horses and they are no slouches at speed.  I can see why it took 45-55 million years for them to evolve. 
 I remember him from the 90's. I've never heard of Korean rappers and their "compliment battle."  Hmm.  Well, if this is the last go-around, it's been nice talking with you.  Take care. 
 Yeah, I live in Arkansas and see a lot of that approach of scheming to lure in outside business -- instead of encouraging the growth of more local business right here. It always costs more up-front in new taxes and infrastructure spending than we get in revenue.
 Yeah, Walmart HQ is about 50 miles from where I live, and they basically own the local governments. They just let us live here.
 That's horrendous. I did a lot of walking as a hospital orderly, but it wasn't that much. They even wear diapers or pee in bottles because they can't get bathroom breaks.
 That just makes me so angry! I have to pet my cat to calm down! Do you like cats?
 Yes! It seems so sexist in the industry though that women are relegated to wardrobe like the main concern of their life is clothes. 
 Exactly! I wonder how many of the facts we know about so much, like the sun or physics,  are because of women but they didn't get the credit. 
 Swift said she does not thing "music should not be free", kinda disrespectful to her fans
 That's kinda rude. Well I gotta go, nice chatting with you
 Who knows. Probably some testing facilities that we don't know about. I think their enforcement of stat authority is overriding our individual freedoms. 
 Probably not. Now if only they would take all the money they are wasting on whatever they are doing there and follow Norway's example of conservation and save some trees. 
 Yea but I don't like how facebook is being used for surveillance like with the company that would look at babysitters' facebook profiles
 Yea, I don't like how advertisers use facebook, like with the Burger King promotion that offered a free whopper to unfriend 10 people
 Yes and he did it all without computers.  He might have though the water powered computer the Russians made in 1936 was cool. 
 Yeah, the shuttle actually had 3 of them for redundancy. Speaking of space, in 2010 the UN appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials. Funny huh?
 My first question would be: "Why did you cross all those light years just for Earth?  You'll not find us environmentally friendly and here's a copy of the Lorax."
 Yep, I wonder if that's with or without the moon... As humans, we would account for only 1 min and 17 sec of a 24-hour period.  We are newbies. 
 I find it hard to join the conversation. I can see points from both sides. As a woman it is hard for me to be told by men what I should do with my health care and what should be covered but I think the other side of it is taking even the smallest offenses and instead of letting it go blowing it hugely out of proportion. 
 My only issue with the matter is that we talk a lot about these individuals and are very apt to getting mad when people "don't excersise this right" soley on the basis of women getting it, but we seem to forget how many men fought for this right too in the beginning of this country.
 We seem to have a lot of summit events but nothing is getting accomplished. Makes sense why Spain doesn't actually want to be part of the g20.
 I didnt know that I wonder if many people wanted to name their kids after them, I guess those are popular names
 Terrible. I wonder if MJ did anything for the family considering he held the record for the single highest paid season?
 Exactly I can't believe some people live so decadently, like Queen Elizabeth have people to wear shoes for them before hand so they are more comfortable, I bet that costs a lot and doesn't even skim the surface of all of the servants she has. 
 We really need to start acting on this. The carbon dioxide has exceeded 410 ppm this is unacceptable.
 That's bad. The carbon dioxide concentration are causing the greenhouse gas effect and trapping heat and driving climate change. People need to understand this.
 True.But Antarctica is losing tens of meters of ice and it's raising sea levels. This can be very bad.
 Nothing but taking selfies and writing stupid books about it
 I know. Now there is a measels outbreak which will jeopardize the health of new borns who cannot get vaccinated. Just dumb...
 That's a good question. I was saddened to learn that the FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of censorship in the U.S. That's upsetting. 
 I don't, I canceled it after I got hit with a LATE FEE! LOL
 True, but More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 I would try and get it on someplace other than Pandora radio, so the rest of the world can hear it.
 You know I really dont like Pandora because of the freemium service platform
 It wont get done anytime soon, unfortunately. 
 everyone has their hand in the cookie jar
 Yeah, and nothing changes. Politicians sit around collecting pay checks, perks, and pensions, while spending tax payers' money. It's a very sad state of affairs.
 I have not heard. There is outrage because his wife is hosting parties with alleged drug money.
 Yep, exactly.  If you're edgy as an artist, you should be allowed to be edgy as a philanthropist.
 Exactly, otherwise, what's the point of having the money and power?  I fear they get scared of losing it all, so they don't speak out.  Fame can go away easily.  What cause would you champion if you could?
 And we are still making mistake between the metric and imperial system when we send things there. 
 I thought that situation with the illegal immigrant that was apprehended by ICE ws a tricky one. There was too much politics being played on that one. It was clear that the father was a suspect for a murder and ICE were only doing their job.
 You're right, Canada does! I do also follow Justin Beiber and not the Justin Beiber who was banned from Facebook just for having the same name as the singer. That was just wrong for Facebook to do that. 
 Yeah but i think a lot of these parents are living out their dreams through their kids and that isn't right. 
 I can't remember if I have.  I think the jist of it is books that have a great deal of deceit as part of the plot. 
 Maybe so... It may be controversial like in the 18th century when there was a moral panic because the reading of novels was becoming popular.  They should see what we're up to now. 
 It's possible, I know the iphones have moisture detectors in them, I wouldn't put it past apple to have some sort of smoke detector in there
 I don't know anything about him but I do have a few rap-like songs. 
   I do know that Eminem's dream was to become a comic book artist. I don't think that would have become as lucrative. 
 Poor Justine.  Maybe he should have become a comic book artist. 
 The precursor to rap is a West African griot tradition.  SO long, nice chat!
 I didnt know it was a book as well, I did watch the movie, thought it was pretty good makes sense the milatary has interest in study it though
 Some of these track kids are amazing. This kid Ethan Fogle did 500 meters in 1:05.31.
 I wonder how much swimmers lose at a match.  That is, if they aren't wearing the "banned" swimsuit from the 2008 olympics. 
 Those seem like sort of generic terms to me... But I suppose "Wonder Woman" is a trademarkable term although many women are wondrous. 
 Sounds entertaining like the 54 color Nintendo Entertainment System was when it first came out.
 Things move so fast in microchip land.  At least it's not going backwards and re-adopting chickens for entertainment. 
 Yeah... Many thought he was still acting.  It seems that Gal Gadot was a good actor and a former soldier in the IDF.
 I don't think there's that kind of money in comic books unless you're someone like Stan Lee. 
 I think I need to see it.  At least she didn't have audition problems like Reagan. 
 Better pack a coat... Did ya know that the first king to travel the world was a Hawaiian named King Kalakaua.
 It was a little before my time.  I'm more of the "Tonka" generation. 
 Dunno.  There is no shortage of explosions, that's for sure. It's been nice chatting with you!
 Me too. 
 i did not know that Air Jordans were banned from the NBA.  but Michael Jordan wore them anyway and Nike paid his fines.  
 I think they should find out what Clinton did and prosecute her if need be. They have been talking about it since the election and nothing has been done! Ivanka should be careful not to get into that mess.
 But she doesn't want to be seen to doing something totally wrong, like Hillary did.
 They kill a lot of species, so I guess they are the worse and that should stop- we should protect sea life. the ocean has also absorbed a lot of carbon dioxide
 No kidding? I know the late Stan Lee was supposed to get 10% of net profits made on his characters, but producers of the first Spiderman movie claimed it made nothing despite making 800m and paid him nothing. 
 i believe it. They just raised my bill by 2 dollars
 I think everyone voting should have to vote for someone. I don't like the "none" option in Nevada.
 Yes, those were appalling statements. To my recollection he said that slavery was a choice which is disgusting. 
 Awww yes, I love that! Now that funky chicken and robot dance is going back.
 Which i dont think it's wrong honestly. Every business should have the right to refuse business to whomever they choose. I don't like the way the news made them come out as the bad guys though. Just like the magazine from australia, Any business can be subject to online abuse for their beliefs. it can kill a business
 I agree. Everyone has their own rights, whether or not we agree with them is our business.  I do. That doesn't mean the baker has too. White Magazine was destroyed.  
 Agreed.     Anything where one must use utensils - or at least a stick is bound to lead to injuries.
 Yes!      Chefs and bartenders have training.    Your average mall employee does not!
 Well it worked out in their favor because everyone who had that game used it. Apparently Activision has a patent on a matchmaking system designed to drive microtransactions. And now I think much, much less of Activision. 
 It took more than 60 years ! That is not really progressive. But they are kind of slow, Wreck-it-Ralph was started in the 80s. 
 Yeah no way. I hate how it ruined his reputation. At least he apologized.
 I could totally see that. Look at people with online gaming. It is an addiction that rivals drug use. There is a tiny release of dopamine each time you win so that makes you crave the bigger and bigger release. 
 Ahh that's interesting. I've heard a lot of critcisms about the music too. For example, the songs "Why Did You Do That?" and "Hair Body Face" don't even make sense as titles.
 Yea she illegally posted a pharmaceutical advertisement on her twitter without listing the risks or stating it was an advertisement
 Jefferson's version of the Bible reminded me that there were also special versions of the Bible to use for slave worship. All the stuff about escaping from slavery in Egypt, banning slavery among the children of Israel, etc., was cut out.
 Yeah. At least Jefferson couldn't stop anyone from reading the version they wanted.
 Yes he did. I think that was really rude. 
 But the situation was not controlled because he was able to jump across a court room and attempt to maim or potentially kill a witness. It's clearly a pattern of behavior. Should someone's history of violence not be taken into account when a person is clearly more than willing to commit violent acts whenever they can, EVEN at trial with the court/law enforcement watching?
 I have to wonder if the authorities in the room weren't able to physically restrain him if they could make it to the struggle quickly enough, and even if not, could a single shot on target have been enough to stop the attack from happening? Of course, the judge who reviewed the video didn't think so. 
 You are right as society change the voting system has to reflect those changes. It is cool that astronauts can vote from space, but it is sad that 34% of Alabama black males have lost their right to vote. 
 That is true dedication to your craft. I just pray that we never get to a point where something like that is considered a banned book and burned. I don't think I could sit idly by for that. 
 Exactly! Why can't we be more like norway? Their government actively supports authors and buys their books to give to libraries. That is how a country should be. 
 I don't think he will be here to find out if it keeps working. One thing I don't like is that USPS is supposed to deliver Amazon packages on Sunday but I have had a really hard time getting them to do that.
 That is outrageous. Surely, he deserves better. Why, he even had won a NBA Most Valuable Player Award and led the Warriors to their first championship since 1975! He is truly underrated.
 I don't see one, either. 
 ya I guess, I don't know whos watching games on that day though, and a coach actually got fined for suggesting that they don't put games on that day, I don't think he should have been fined
 ya I agree, and I think its dumb that Van Gundy was fined for suggesting the idea that teams shouldn't play that day
 I heard about that.  How inconsiderate and stupid of them.
 It goes to say to never be careless like Coach Stan Van Gundy was when he said NBA should not play when Santa comes.
 ya I agree, but I still don't think that Coach Van Gundy should have been fined for saying that, that seems harsh
 Nike can choke on their money. Let Under Armour thrive under Stephen Curry's signing with it!
 They exploit overseas workers. That's why they're worth about 100 billion dollars.
 Sounds intrusive that Google maps uses people data to calculate data without most of their knowledge
 I really hate racism !
 Yeah they are recruiting for the clan like its a every day thing.
 I wonder if the story covers the bullying she suffered. I know she was thrown into a garbage can by a group of boys in New York City.
 Oh I see, interesting. I like that soccer is a global sport but I wish the global population cared more for the environment. Almost 80% of the forests are destroyed on this earth.
 I've heard writers say they are lucky to have sold 10 books. I think that would be kind of discouraging. I wonder how artists get their songs on Spotify?
 I think Shazam has the potential to be a hit, but it's funny because I swear DC comics doesn't want to ever use him.
 yeah! I wish I could wear jeans all the time but no, I have to wear khakis... No one thinks khakis are formal...
 Bummer.  Yeah, there's a study that maybe the best evolutionary strategy is for animals to be lassitudinous and sluggish. Boy do I have that down. 
 Sometimes.  I mainly watch stuff they produce on other channels. That is, while I'm being inactive on the couch to prevent me from becoming extinct. 
 If you buy into the research study.  If you're lucky you can be a notorious slacker like "the Dude" from the "The Big Lebowski". 
 Yeah, but you may get rugs stolen from your house.  Or worse, massive late fees on video rentals that inspire you to start a business like Netflix. 
 That's what set the "Dude" on his adventure all over planet Earth.  Speaking of Earth, 80% of natural forests have been destroyed.  Maybe I should get off my butt and do something. 
 Yeah.  I'm envious that Canada has a glow in the dark dino coin.  If only the U.S. was that cool.  
 Yep.  I just found a new career path.  I want to be the UN's official ambassador to extraterrestrials. That would be a nice gig. 
 Thanks.  Nice Chat. 
 I get it, but then Americans should call it s-oh-sh-er instead.
 Ah, well maybe you should check it out. I wouldn't consider it a horror movie so It would be right up your alley.
 Did they kill the aborigines like us Americans did the Native Americans and steal their land?
 That is the same reason I hate Columbus day. I wish people realized the true history about that. I heard some want to rename it Native American day and change the focus away from him.
 Sounds like a mirror image of America. They have Native Americans blankets covered in Small Pox here. Wonder if the British thought of that too.
 That's unfortunate for them since MySpace is no longer around and Facebook is worth $104 billion. Like it is unfortunate for me that I dumped my Apple stock when Apple was about to go bankrupt with Steve Jobs was gone for awhile. I'd be a millionaire now if I hadn't.
 Apparently, Iceland is rewriting its constitution via facebook.  Allowing the public to make suggestions.  I think that's a horrible idea.  You?
 Not yet but I hear from a lot of people Kung Fu Hustle is pretty funny, it's never on netflix though
 Oh, man, that's crazy!  I can't believe someone would be so petty!
 Yeah...they didn't like him being described as The King of LA
 Yeah...now i'm worried about the new LeBron Space Jam sequel posters
 What about this televangelist who's telling his followers that Jesus has them covered from catching the flu and to not get inoculated. How dangerous and cult-like is that?
 Well, they're much more protected, than if they weren't inoculated at all. I'm so tired of Twitter being used as a "news source". How do you feel about that?
 Not just that it is such a "news source,' but that it has become so political on both sides!
 Me too. I go through running shoes every 4-6 months and I hate buying new shoes!
 Well the search engine is great but I don't like that Google maps uses android devices to calculate traffic
 Back to your previous comment.  Can you seriously image WaPo saying anything positive about the NRA?  I never got the Princess Leia turn on... It's been featured on Friends and The Big Bang Theory. 
 I like William Gibson.  I'm pretty sure he wasn't the Chicago janitor that wrote a 15,145 page manuscript.
 Nice chat...
 I wonder how many now have snap chat in it... I get irritated with them selling our info and affecting elections. Cant be irresponsible and then sell our stuff.
 Yep. Speaking of energy, my friend's mom got hit by lightning and died. Did you know a bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun. 5x as hot
 I am not into social media.  It seems to the primary source of "fake news".  I am not sure I like the concept of social news aggregation and ranking.  News should be factual not necessarily popular.
 So interesting. She should not have been subject to Kanye's rant. He also believes AIDS is a man-made disease...
 I don't like what he said about Tubman, it felt like he did her a great insult. 
 Of course, he misinterpreted her words. She helped freed hundreds of slaves, and all of the ones she couldn't save she never once said their rescue had failed because they didn't want to be saved. 
 Yes, he is quite arrogant. He made fun of himself for this, constantly interrupting people and correcting others. He stated that even before his famous "Taylor Swift" stunt. 
 The competition is good. I just wish both would pay their employees to reflect their wealth. Bezos is so rich that he had a clock built into a mountain. 
 It's disappointing the officer didn't get jail time, he should be held to a higher standard instead of getting a break
 It probably is. And Kevin Hart may have been right about a vendetta. The case caused a dirty cop to be forced to retire.
 He committed perjury. It should have been a mistrial. 
 Awesome I need to check that out. I like Comedy Central too but they have canceled over 100 shows since its creation.
 I agree, Trump seems more focused on building that wall than on helping others in need and even paying state workers
 Yeah, we seem to be a nation that rewards corruption.  I seriously can't believe Hillary is walking the streets let alone making speeches.  I've had DoD and DoE secret, L and Q clearances and if I had my own server at home slinging classified doc's I would, in NO uncertain terms, be in prison.
 Yeah, that's why certain pols burn books.  Speaking or pols, did you know the Republicans and Dem's play a baseball game? Those two groups shouldn't be around baseball bats. 
 Oh, didn't think of that.  Maybe Apple marketed moo moos. I'll have to read more about that the the books causing the uproar in the 1800s. 
 I stopped, due to the PRICE! $2.50 for a cup of coffee is just absurd if you ask me. 
 It definitely is. I was not happy about the employee who called 911 because two black men were sitting and had not made a purchase.
 I don't remember exactly when but I'm thinking maybe a year ago or so now. In my eyes it seemed to kind of start the trend of people posting white people calling the police on African Americans for ridiculous reasons like finding a student asleep in a common room or when the police were called on two Native Americans who were on a college tour. 
 You're probably correct. Did you know that the FDA burned six tons of literature as an act of censorship? I disagree with all censorship and burning books is such a tragedy.
 Ok. Yeah i can't get with his politics, apparently 400 years of slavery to him was a choice.
 Astounding. People have always freaked out over fiction. In the 1700s there was a moral panic. But in the 1950s due to race?
 That makes me really angry, they were great shows, Netflix will lose subscribers with Disney streaming service coming up
 Maybe as a really expensive service, Blockbuster charged a lot of money for its serice and the late fees made me really angry
 Probably. The whole situation is just bad. Like who thinks that comments like that are okay especially in this day and age!?
 I miss the days when journalism was a profession that was held to high standards of integrity. Now it is all about who can make the biggest "splash" 
 It can be. People just need to be respectful of each other. I don't understand why that is such a difficult concept for some to grasp. 
 Yeah, their ratings beat CNN and MSNBC combined. 
 Cool.  Personally I get my news from many sources on the internet.  I actually prefer comedy like Bill Murray's views on the "Kung Fu Hustle." 
 For it's time, it was cool.  It's funny that Bill Nye got his start by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest.  I don't see the resemblance. 
 I know, that's why I can't stand the politicization of so-called comedy shows and sports.  Give the negativity a rest. 
 I suppose. There is a type of movie called Bromantic that includes "the Hangover." It was pretty funny and stress relieving. 
 Here's something funny, Reagan was once turned down for a role because he didn't have "that presidential look"  I guess he got the last laugh on that. 
 Yeah, he can be funny.  Nice chatting with you!
 I love a good prank like that, honestly. I just wish schools wouldn't be so uptight. Just accept the joke, and move on. No need to suspend the students.
 I get it to an extent, but the whole media seems to be against trump, and anyone who does not adamantly oppose him
 No, I don't like his philosophy of removing anonymousy off the internet nor letting 13 year olds have a facebook profile 
 Her heart was literally there, as she was onstage when the stadium was bombed. She watched people get hurt.
 Me too. I would say I hated Psy's Gangnam Style the worst though!
 Yeah.  As with other families, there's the DV problem exacerbated by a silence that keeps it from being addressed. 
 Agree. No matter what the lifestyle, it takes work to maintain happy relationships. 
 LOL. They could help with the heavy lifting.  Dogs are probably the better choice since years of human cohabitation has made them attuned to human behavior. 
 The subway could be an issue.  Too many people have seen Jaws.  Think about it, many people show off their dog on Facebook but how many can show off their pet shark? 
 I didn't watch either. I can't seem to get behind handing out awards to overpayed entertainers. It is all an exercise in narcissim. 
 I watch when I can, but was a bigger fan in the 1990s. I guess I am just not a huge fan of the Golden State Warriors' dominance or LeBron James either.
 He thinks he is so cool and he's really, really just a little two bit racist punk. What does he do anyway besides writing fictional things about the racism he never experienced?
 Man, I don't know about that system.  Seems a bit unfair.  Heard some guy logged in earlier and an hour later he got a random spot in line.  Somewhere between 32,000 and 34,00.  A whole hour just to be placed there!
 Wow that is a lot of money. Good move though because now they control everything! I think there is some inappropriate videos that shouldn't be on youtube but at least they allow only 18 year olds to view them.
 I wonder if it is a real degree or part of the propaganda that his people are told to make him seem all knowing and powerful. 
 Well, it's not coming up for me... I've had this happen a few times... (sigh)
 That must be painful, if they could sense pain. I don't feel bad for them for all the pain they inflict on people. 
 I also am not a big fan of splitting a movie into two parts to capitalize twice on the same movie.
 Hi, are you ready to chat?
 Well Henry Ford financed Country Music due to his fear of Jazz's urban decadence. Maybe if Oprah financed Rap out of fear off...you get the point
 Yeah, Judge Judy should pay a lot of taxes in return for how much money she makes.
 Yeah it's upsetting what people can be allowed to do with enough money.  Nike can pay all the fines it wants so it can continue breaking the rules!
 The arrogance of some athletes is so evident.  Draymond doesn't stay content with winning.  He has to go further and insults his rivals.
 It beat Seinfeld? That is an abomination. 
 I pretty much like all forms but if I had to choose a favorite, I'd say comedy. In fact, I love to watch comedy central but I really hate they've cancelled over 100 shows since the network started back in 89. What about you?
 Hi! I honestly love them all! But in particular, I do enjoy the Comedy Central channel but absolutely hate that its cancelled over 100 shows since the network started back in 89. What about you?
 I'm sure that entertainment executive kicked himself later for that. Ha! Do you watch Comedy Central at all? I do but hate over 100 shows have been cancelled since the network started back in 89.
 I used to like it but I dont watch it anymore, mainly because of what you said, they tend to cancel a lot of shows, and that makes me really angry
 I do enjoy them both. What about you? I love Comedy Central but hate that they have cancelled over 100 shows since the network began in 1989.
 Picked it up a few times but never put the effort in to really learn.  It's frustrating when it doesn't do what you want, feel like smashing it as Matt Bellamy does.
 No, I mean, the governor is basically his boss. Not a good idea to insult your boss no matter who you are.
 Right? America is a melting pot of races, religions, and cultures. Completely unacceptable to be so narrow minded. Not to mention calling the Lieutenant Governor gay 
 I do because I live in the middle of nowhere, but I feel guilty about it because of the crappy way they treat their workers. Do you?
 Yeah, it makes me mad that they're not only on their feet and walking that many miles a day, but also peeing in bottles because they don't get adequate breaks.
 The more you own, the easier it is to buy up other stuff. I couldn't afford to go in Whole Foods often in any case, but I stopped going at all after Bezos bought it because of how much worse working conditions got.
 Ha, ha ha, I know! Interesting Amazon owns Imdb.
 Yes.  The ramones played 2263 though!
 No I have not, what do you think about Selena Gomez I think she is doing well to have picked up her life after Justin Bibier's  break up
 Yep. Or a game of monopoly where whoever has the most cash wins the game. 
 LOL we can only hope that something changes because the state of our country is sad from both sides of the aisle. We have fallen far from what our forefathers dreamed for this country. 
 Individually people can be counted on to deny their selfish nature but as a group people succumb to mob mentality that brings out the worse in all. 
 Love that quote. Another fave in our house is Ben Franklins "Whoever would give up a little freedom for security deserves neither and will lose both" Goverment has a place and it is stepping outside the bounds of what it should in a big way. 
 I'm floored by the fact our government actually came up with a plan to destroy wikileaks
 Yeah but the function of wikileaks is a fantastic one especially in a world of increasingly global goverment systems
 I don't know how that will work out for them. I don't like them because they are too political. They are supposed to be entertainment not a political platform.
 Some of their programs like the Obama special are leftist statements.
 I understand guilty until proven innocent. But instead of making someone fear for their safety, there should be more support groups. 
 The worst part about is people automatically assuming the accuser was asking for it by dressing a certain way, or smiling and being nice. 
 The fact that Amazon workers walk 7-15 miles a shift is one of the most damning things I've heard about them.
 Yeah, they're notorious for the stuff about workers peeing in bottles or wearing diapers.
 No, it's sad Mt. Everest has 3g and I can't get a connection in my basement
 Hi, how are you today ? Staying warm ? 
 There are others out there , but to me Netflix is still #1 . I always have it , the others i bounce around on . 
 Yeah it shows they really care which is great. They are very smart to do so. Meanwhile our government is just trying to keep it from being shutdown!
 I'm kinda mad it has 3g cell service and I can't even get a signal on tall hills by I live
 There is more than just music though.  They have live streams, and movie trailers,and documentaries.  Pretty neat.
 That's true. We'll have to look into that.
 It's kinda infuriating you can get 3g service on Mt Everest and I can't get service in my basement 
 Maybe so! It would be a huge help, wouldn't it? You know, I honestly can't believe the FDA once burned six tons of literature. What a waste!
 I'm a veteran myself and the fake patriots reference was a bit concerning to me, I didn't like it.
 Hello, how are you?  Do you like to read?  To me, reading is a simple word but the scientific definition that I read from an article sounded complex.
 S
 Yes, my text box keeps disappearing. Sorry about that! I was trying to ask if you're a soccer fan.
 Whoa I need to look that fish up! Do you ever see fish videos on FB? I don't use facebook that much they just get too much money from ads.
 Haha yeah. Kind of unfair he had to be blocked out of his facebook.
 Whew! My son is into legos and nothing is worse than stepping on one barefoot!
 He had 10 even though the movie only showed 6.
 Oh, isn't is just terrible. We must keep them out! To many have been viciously murdered in this country already!!
 These gang members have done such evil and sick things.
 Money is always going to be a tempting motivator especially since most of these players are so young. At that age you think you are invincible and millions of dollars are starting to seem like a dream come true. 
 That's pretty funny.  Do you remember when Kanye interrupted her at the Grammys?  Thought that was pretty rude.
 I know Brady can occasionally blow it but he didn't for me.  I'm a Chiefs fan...
 He's one of the best for sure.  I go back to Johnny Unitas as a kid so that's a tough call.   All kinds of variables like Kellan Moore being left-handed.
 She sounds super expensive... Yep, they seem to work together.  I think they'll win.  The Rams, unlike to Eagles, won't rattle the Pat's. 
 Don't know but that has to be one sad dog pound... I do know that only the Bills have as  many Super Bowl losses.
 Yep.  I think Brady's a late bloomer.  He's an inspiration to old guys like me. 
 Yes, and he's married to a high earning model!  Some guys have all the luck. 
 Yeah, rub it in... Hee.  Nice talking with you!
 Yes, that one is quite travel-friendly. What I don't really like is Amazon's patent on 1-click buying which Apple actually pays a licensing fee for. It makes purchasing way too convenient
 I believe Robert Kraft lacked oversight in his decision.
 Yeah! that is totally wrong they should definitely correct that.
 Im in chicago and I would like high 30s at this point. A week or two ago we had temps at -30!
 Yeah But I told you that earlier. Have you not been paying attention to anything I have been saying?
 Agreed. I appreciate some of the ideas behind the party that I don't identify with. That's one of the reasons that the two party system irks me, because I really have to vote ONLY Democrat or ONLY Republican, there aren't that many politicians who clearly support policies from both parties except the smaller parties
 Really, I thought it was the most disliked video for a while
 That's pretty hypocritical that Sony was prosecuting people for retweeting unlock codes and nothing happened to the exec
 Same.
 I wouldn't have guessed that.  To me, baseball has more action and one can make $3M on 1900s baseball cards. 
 Wow.  I went into the wrong line of work.  The Yankees make a lot too, they no longer have to share a stadium with the Mets. 
 Agree.  I bet the radio actors of classic radio didn't make all that much money.
 Yeah and in drama, the person with the most lovers and money per episode wins...
 LOL.  Yeah, what a hipster... Thanks to you too...
 I believe that was done in Russia, which is where all those political bots came from.
 lol, I know, right. Xbox's 360 controllers come in handy for the military with the eod robots.
 Yes, when I was a little girl, I played with one. kind of heavy.
 I think I will. Do you know anthing about Stephen Malkmus and The Jicks Black Cat?
 What's crazy is Nike's pitch to Curry, they didn't even take Durant's name off it's reused presentation, I'd be pretty mad if that happened to me
 I can't believe how much of a disaster the festival was. 
 I think for the level of this fraud they should have levied the maximum sentence requested. 
 Even his prepared statements sound so hollow. It is like a regurgitation of ever statement where people have got caught doing something wrong and want to manipulate their way out of punishment. 
 Even with the best lawyer, he will never and ever get away such hideous crime
 I have no idea, I think Ja Rule probably did not know the information beforehand.
 completely with you on this.  To warn others from carrying out such act.  
 Agreed. I'm so glad Billy McFarland who was the festival organizer was sentenced to six years in prison for wire fraud. He deserves it!
 I am with you I can believe that now a days the society still have this kind of bias, it is very disturbing.
 That's a good question! But speaking of Facebook, did you know Zuckerberg has red-green color blindness which is why Facebook is mainly a blue color?
 Agreed! I like it as well. But what I don't like is the Facebook like button is illegal in the German state Schleswig-Holstein. Can you imagine not having a "like" button?
 Yeah.  I bet Alex Jones isn't either.  YouTube banned him.  They ban right-wingers but do nothing to left-wingers that do the same thing.  I think there is bias at YouTube. 
 Glad the ban didn't work! All because it featured a black character? That is quite extreme.
 Yep, I've heard that.  I really don't get much out of it.  I find it boring like all the tabloid coverage of this Rooney guy.
 Yeah it's a big business.  Rooney will be expensive like picking up a Brady in American football. 
 Maybe so! Ha! Well speaking of horses, did you ever hear about the two high schoolers who rode horses to school and got suspended on what was called no vehicles to school day? That's ridiculous, if you ask me!
 Yeah, typical strip-shop capitalism IMO. Venture capitalists buy up a popular platform and then ruin it because of unrealistic ideas of how much they can milk it for.
 I do too. Did you hear Pink Floyd recorded a live concert with no audience?
 I am surprised that today's athletes have surgery on their knees all the time and that is not a deal killer like it used to be. 
 Has surgeries gotten so much better that it can create a good as new player? Derrik Rose seemed to have many knee surgeries. 
 I wonder long term in retirement if all of these injuries come back to haunt the players?
 I did not know that NBA players are the worlds best paid. I would have guessed NFL. 
 But NFL games are so unaffordable to go see. NBA games you can get in the nose bleeds for about 30. 
 I cannot believe that 800,000 a year and 32 million at the age of 55. 
 Buckingham is a great guitarist and song writer but too willing to quit the band.  Big ego... Mixes intimacy with business which never works...
 It was a drama a bet and not the kind that's fiction represented in performance. 
 I'm not sure.  Christ McVie commented on the drama in an interview with Rolling Stone and it didn't sound good.
 I do that too so I like the background music thing.  I put my  thousands of songs on random and let it fly. 
 Oh it's not relaxing and one has to pay attention.  I'm talking music like Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon...
 They bring back college memories for me.  I actually prefer newer alternative stuff.  The stuff not found on albums...
 I really meant to say "vinyl".  Most alternative I like was released on CDs and MP3s.  Nothing lasts forever... Surprised that GoT is finishing in Season 8.  Bummer.
 Yeah.  I think Big Bang Theory has longevity... Like the 40+ year-old Dark Side of the Moon that's still selling well as of 2014...
 Where is the legislative success?  Build the wall, or don't...  but do SOMETHING!
 I concur.  Shooting at innocent children is the worst crime ever
 I turned off my TV set when I saw these incidents because I could bear to watch them
 Yeah I wonder why he did that, most of his songs are in a mayor key though, of his top 10 songs only one is in a minor key
 That's not right.  You sure couldn't make a living being a professional softball player that's for sure.  The average player only makes between 5 and 6 thousand dollars a year.  That's chicken feed compared to professional baseball players.
 I think I heard something recently about that. I think that's awful. Why should you be forced to play for a college if you want a career in the professional leagues?
 Apparently very soon.
 Well now. I wonder how this ends. How do you feel about hostage situations LOL!
 Just a headache. Want one?
 Again, nice talk!
 Yeah, nor will his suggestion that he is a victim of racism protect him, considering the prosecutor was African American.
 No telling! Ha! Maybe even Justin Beiber? Speaking of which, did you know a guy named Justin Beiber was banned from Facebook just for having the same name as the singer? That's just flat out wrong. 
 If he did, then his "basketball diplomacy" was a total flop.  Warmbier was essentially barely alive and brain dead when he was medically evacuated.  It seems like Rodman cannot gracefully give up the spotlight - he may have an infatuation with being perceived as nationally / internationally significant.  Rodman may have a permanent place in NBA history, but I don't see him as a diplomat.
 I undertand their rage, I would want justice for my son as well and those responsible should pay
 That sounds terrible, their son was shot on July 10, and theres not much known about the murder, I guess Fox News diverted the attention from the real killer
 Not sure TBH. But the federal govt preempted localities imposing safety regulations on the towers, and I think exempted them from liability.
 Yeah. Also irritates me -- so much industry relies on federal indemnities against liability to be profitable.
 I know right, they are trying to steal the merit, that makes me angry, did you watch the Simpsons? theres a team named after the show
 Yes, I love him and all his movies? do you?
 I didnt know he was the highest all time box office star, he always ends his emails with a pun thats also an interesting fact about him.
 Huh..that seems unnecessary and a waste of time that could have been better served to do something else. 
 I guess we say we in the US anthem. As a woman though I just can't see getting offended because it says sons instead of a more gender nuetral term. I would rather the government look to the serious issues like the earth and the poor. 
 Yep pretty much. Our senate seems more concerned with the small stuff than the bigger picture. If only they could work together and be less concerned with what women wear or their candy desk
 So most of it is just bluster for the media? That seems like narcassism at its finest. 
 Probably why they had to arrest that one back in the 80's. He was just tired of dealing with all of them. 
 Actually, I grew up in the South so hockey wasn't a thing really...  I think watching humming birds steal spiderwebs was more popular. 
 Yeah, if Fox News can have a gaming website then Jupiter should have a shot at a Grammy. 
 Only in the car on long trips without CDs or mp3s available.  I might listen to classic radio shows but I don't know a station for that.  
 I think it would be interesting.  Didn't you ever listen to things like Cheech & Chong or other comedy audios?  I guess it's a matter of understanding a particular vernacular like hockey's "turning over the puck." 
 They would be a good fit for CNN.  A little comedy might subdue all the Trump hate. Like Canadian law, all news channels should be 40% truthful. 
 I've only been to Canada once.  It was beautiful.  I wonder if they have Canadian hummingbirds -- they sure do have hockey. 
 Yea but unfortunately there hasn't been a president who wasn't red or blue since 1853
 I was unaware that Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 for his poem the Raven. The Raven is one of my all time favorite poems he definitely should have received more praise for his work.
 Yeah thats a great point well said. It frustrates me when billionaires get special treatment or get away with things. For example the billionaire tech mogul Liu returned to China from the US despite being arrested for sexual assault
 Totally.. that is one good example of money being the root of all evil.  I saw that he is also one of those who are pushing for 100 percent automation to reduce or eliminate workers.  Who does he think is going to buy their products if there are no workers to spend money on them?  I can't believe they let him walk without even posting bond, much less to leave the country!  
 Yea, especially with how destructive humans are. We've already destroyed 80 percent of the earth's natural forrests
 Yes men are lucky they get to wear sensible shoes.  Women are expected to wear awful things like high heels that destroy your feet
 I think more women need to be awarded academy awards for best cinematography.
 Another instance of unfairness is when Stanley Kubrick didn't get credit for his cinematography work for spartacus.  Someone who didn't even do the work got the academy award!
 Yeah, guns are evil and I'm a great guy for pointing it out.  Lot of imagery, and some reference to that poor, poor victim, Rodney King. 
 Hey I'm doing great how are you? Our planet is amazing I love it. However I hate that more than 80% of our natural forest have been destroyed.
 If I did I think I would rip the transmitter out of the radio so I wouldn't have to listen to it no more.
 yes i love facebook too , there are alot of interesting facts about it
 I'm not surprised. Here is a very upsetting fact, 30% of all American adults use Facebook as their primary source of news. I see people share memes as news all of the time and they are obviously untrue but they don't fact check anything. 
 The Wizard's coach was not happy with the team's effort and loss against the Hawks.
 Yep, its a bummer. Coach Brooks told the press that his team is selfish with the ball and simply not passing enough.
 Yeah, like books aren't really banned any more and most tittles are just because parents are concerned about age appropriateness, I agree they must be age sensitive but not banned.
 They sure do! My car is 10 years old. It is costly to own a car with the financing, repairs, gas, and insurance.
 I'm embarrassed to admit I watch a lot of TV. Friends and Seinfeld are some of my favorites. I was angry when 3rd rock from the sun beat them for the golden globe in 1997.
 I do enjoy it, do you like to read? did you hear about how the FDA burned 6 tons of books!!
 They burned the literature in an act of censorship, that makes me really angry
 My wife is a cat person. I have two cats and one pees all over the place. I wanna get rid of it but it's my sons cat and he will loose it if we get rid of it!
 Yeah, he good at what he was doing, why try to do something that he is not good at ? 
 looks like she has bad luck with stadiums. that manchester bombing was scary
 Yeah I bet he would. People are weird like that. A judge back in the 50's banned a comic because it featured a black character.
 I think I just have issues with Disney in general.  I can't deny their success though.  I find it interesting that they would choose a celebrity like Bill Nye to work on the Flubber movie.
 Apple's warranty sounds like bs, how does smoking cause a computer to become a biohazard
 I'm good.  Yeah, but there are people who believe YouTube has negative consequences.  Proliferating vulgar content that can be easily accessed by children for example.
 I see
 I think Facebook has destroyed in-depth reading, though.  Reading is complex and emotional.  It requires as much from the reader as the writer.  Facebook seems full of throway messages.
 Yeah, I agree.  I would be OK with McDonald's selling Bumpkin pie, but we don't have to rename McDonald's. 
 It sounds like that's where it belongs.  Like a trunk actually belongs in a car's trunk. 
 Maybe it was all the ancient park custodians that made them extinct. They didn't live up to the birds reputation of being the most numerically successful class of tetrapods. 
 yes. they did a great job
 Yes.  I think that lesson will stay with him for the rest of his life.
 Blockbuster was stupid to pass on the deal to buy out netflix for $50 million. 
 Yes he is. As far as the employees, they don't pay them fairly and they don't give them bathroom breaks. There are many reports of employees having to relieve themselves in bottles. 
 I also think that I could donate about a years worth of water easily per day. Even if the goal is over-exaggerated I think it is a worthwhile cause.
 It makes me doubt the cause and I wonder if Unicef is actually doing it/will actually do it. 
 Another surprising thing to learn that I might be doubtful of is the success of Linkin Park's album
 I definitely remember getting frustrated with the cassette tapes I owned a long time ago.
 We need to be careful b/c we never know what someone else is going through and how are words might effect them.  There needs to be laws protecting these people.
 That's pretty industrious like the guy in prison that studied in the library until he could prove his innocence.  
 Yeah that is cool.  Even cooler that Jann Mardenborough who beat 90,000 in a video game.  The lawyer guy is actually cooler than that.
 It is, being the 3rd rock from the sun, we didn't even see all that Jupiter does for use except for that comet in the 90s. Even though the day is now longer than 5.5 hours long, I'm out of time.  It's been great. 
 Yes, it is and illegal and can get you put in jail with a big fine.
 Absolutely, especially since college athletes don't receive a dime & are unable to hold a job.
 I think that The new zealand basketball team should change their name
 They are called the "tall blacks"
 Some of it.  The thing with that porn Stormy Daniels is pretty crazy.  I'm mean he said he knew nothing about his lawyer's payment to her to keep quiet and then he changes his story? 
 I do not think it was bad.  People were just jealous! 
 Nah, it's all about LeBron. He's the highest paid celebrity in the world, and he earned it.
 Yeah, I guess coach Kerr made the final decision to suspend Green which probably is the right thing to do. 
 Agreed and yet, that show has over 750 episodes which is roughly 50 per year for 16 consecutive years. But the 70s Show remake couldn't last past 10 episodes. 
 And I didn't see anything about any charges being filed for the accident in the article.
 The truth is that yes, imagine not being able to drive more in your life would be boring
 Oh my! I didn't realize with all the more recent bailouts I've been hearing bout
 I think I saw a bit of that, he went shirtless in the celebration
 Flipping through microfiche in the library doesn't produce the same rush. Now I would LOVE to abandon Facebook. I've been on it since 2006, just two years after it started and I'm sucked in and can't lave. 
 Yeah, that's sort of an obnoxious room to have. Bet you Zuckerberg has DOZENS of rooms for celebrities. All painted blue because he can't see red or green. 
 And they make money off our data. Pretty much legally. Because 93 percent of people don't read the terms of service and I'm sure it says right in there "by using Facebook, we own you. Forever. 
 hmmm, maybe ive been bamboozled!!!
 Well the UK doesn't have the Euro currency....which is the problem (separating fiscal and monetary policy). But they have the free trade stuff. That includes immigration. Farmers now say "who will pick the fruit after brexit"?
 NO, that is not the problem. The problem with the euro area is that there is a central monetary authority, but no central fiscal authority. Britain is dead right to leave. 
 Yeah...thats what I said....or meant...the problem is the separating of fiscal and monetary policy. But the UK doesn't have that problem
 They sat May's government is in panic mode. I wonder what the polls say about no-deal brexit vs staying put.
 Yeah...there should be something in the Geneva Conventions that bans that type of stuff. Of course, US government employees can violate those conventions with fearing prsecution
 No way! They completely suck!
 That's for sure, other than the eccentric behavior on Twitter.  
 I think maybe he's done some good in that direction. He has a lot of popularity especially among his black audiences. 
 I think most US celebrities are crazy 24/7... I really think West does things for publicity like the Swift thing and hanging out with Trump...
 That would be interesting... Or maybe Roseanne Barr actually is romantically involved with West...
 kanye west believes aids is a man-made disease, with such a good gpa.
 Yes, I heard Qatar is supposed to be hosting the World Cup in 2022. Maybe it is a conspiracy to get more attention for Qatar and their new city.
 Yea I hate tv ads, and the fact that pay cable channels still run ads
 I know very little about cars but I do know how expensive they are. You have to pay for the car, the loan if financed, repairs, fuel, parking fees, taxes and insurance. And after all is said and done it is never worth what you paid for. 
 I love literature! How about you? I really hated hearing the FDA burned six tons of literature in a censorship act. That is plain wrong!
 right, I have a strange feeling he's wants all the money to his self. he only pays for heat and electricity.. 
 Yeah. He's got 22 oscars. Daniel Day Lewis only has 3. 
 Country is a good example of them not understanding the genre. We have so much bro country because the history of folk and blues is lost on those who haven't studied it. It is all pickups, dogs and breakups. 
 I think you're right about that.  When you think about all the potential harm the players are exposing themselves - CTE, injuries - it seems wrong.  It should be the highest paying considering the revenue it produces
 Tv is pretty boring and fake now, like Shark Tank, most deals are never enacted from that show
 Yea, I guess all the smoking upsets The Truth Initiative.
 Yes but without training he would be done, talent or not. That's why it's 30 percent training.
 I like the Browns but Pats are still a great team
 The democracy is in question though. Five presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. Something seems wrong about that.
 We definitely need someone new
 Of course until we get some new blood into the government in general things aren't likely to change. 
 Especially in the US the office of politicians seems to be limited to the super rich. 
 I do, my favorite player is Lebron, he just have a crazy level of skill
 Really she did? wow, that is amazing, eight records is quite a feat.
 you really only watch the news? I watch all sorta of stuff. I usually tend to avoid the news because the anchor is almost always trying to push their politcal agenda on you, even when the story has nothing to do with politics 
 right.  crazy tip to change the way you fly with your kids is about sitting in separate seats.  really?
 it is about click throughs and how many hit they get so they can sell more ads.  like those "where are they now?" ads where a picture of a forgotten celeb is on a separate page each time.  more clicks.
 They really would become a better place but one thing's for sure, China bans a lot of things and then creates a replica of the same exact service it seems, unlike how Netflix got it start because Reed Hastings racked up $40 in late fees for returning a VHS tape late. I also was annoyed with those lucrative fees Blockbuster used to charge.
 Ha ha, yeah he certainly had a run. I am very angered that women were not allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993 and had to protest to do so. 1993! That's insane. 
 I too, he is not this genius he talks about, he is a complete idiot, sorry
 I just said that! Read above!
 Yeah, that is infuriating that they cannot eat in the same restaurant as a player.
 I get angry with the chip thing because there should be no need to measure or try to spot the ball. The chip should be able to tell the ref if it is a first down, within second. If tennis has this technology, football can too.
 It's a shame that smoking voids an Apple computers warranty by creating a biohazard
 They wouldn't let it on Mackinac Island unless it it horse drawn. 
 Yeah and I'm tired of it.  No.  Anyone I know? The king of Iceland where there is no public rail service?
 No really fake.
 Yes, the last I heard there were 20+. I don't really like Cruz but I like him better than Beto.
 Agreed. Yes I do. I don't like all the commercials and advertising on tv though.
 WHat do you think of Horror film facts?
 I did not hear that, but things are definitely getting out of hand, why does difference have to be pushed on us?
 Ive washed about a dozen of them. I really do not like them when I am cleaning them out of a wash basin.
 Well although theres great talent theres been some unethical decisions. And no punishment has been givne. The NCAA doesn't seem to be stopping the corruption taking place. IF they don't stop it it will get worse.
 So true! I never agreed with his actions. Hey, what can you do? now hes the prez.... 
 Rats!  I slept through it!  That makes me angry...hotter than a lightening bolt, which is already 6x more hot than the surface of the sun...
 As long as it is for the environment ... I consider it good, I have noticed that the golf courses are more full of trees and things, so of the types of games.
 Yeah, no kidding. I would not want to go through all that trouble and find out it was a waste of time!
 Maybe!!! Here in the U.S., 34% of the black males in Alabama have PERMANENTLY lost their right to vote!!! That's awful!! Major system fail!!!
 Yeah, if you are convicted, you lose your right to vote, it should not be like that. 
 Agreed! But then again, seeing as how he's editing pictures to depict history in a different way, he is obviously an untrustworthy character. I could not live in a country ran by him!
 I try to support all Presidents. I feel like he gets a lot of flack. 
 yup, i think that is so outdated, I'm surprised they have sued honestly, everyone is so quick to sue today and this seems very dumb rule
 He has 21 post season wins... come on... somthing just isn't right.. no body is that good!
 No, it comes with a guitar like piece.  You can get it pretty cheap at Walmart I bet.  That reminds me, Walmart only sells clean versions of albums which is pretty annoying. 
 It definitely is. I ordered Willie Nelson's "Countryman" reggae CD online because the Walmart cover changed the pot leaf to a palm tree. Morality wise, I have a bigger problem with Walmart encouraging sweatshops and generally mistreating their workers.
 There really is. I was hoping that when North Korea came to the table to dicuss things that maybe we could take a step forward but it just seems like more and more fighting. 
 They can't even agree amongst themselves. It is so frustrating how far we have fallen from presidents like JFK and Washington. 
 I imagine given the paranoia and propeganda surrounding his regime he needs to maintain a certain image at all times. He even edits the pictures to show his people a different history. 
 No I did not. That's upsetting. On a related note I did see an interview  recently that revealed that cheerleaders make around minimum wage.They do not treat them well. 
 I think we should let Maduro be, people are turning against him already, with all the economic sanctions its just a matter of time. 
 Another election wont work if Madure is the one arraging it and yeah, its sad did you hear about the power outage? the one that lasted like 6 days
 He burned the humanitarian aid trucks
 Agreed. I think Kanye should definitely run for president next election.
 I have a lot of strong opinions about our president. I wish that the rules of the 2016 election were similar to 1805. The runner up in 1805 would be appointed the vice president!
 I think the real statistics on job growth, the GDP, more jobs for minorities and other things show he is doing a good job unlike what 95% of the democrat led press is saying.
 The bias in the article I just read keeps mentioning Trump's bad behavior. I don't remember him faking a racist attack, going on lavish vacations on the backs of taxpayers during the shut down, advocating violence , etc. That is common among De's.
 That is very odd.  Even at the brisbane g20 canadian prime minister called out putin for his actions
 Did you hear Russia gave delegates and heads of state thumb drives and charges that had viruses
 Absolutely. And investigations. Currently 35 people associated with Trump and his campaign have been indicted. That's just crazy.
 It's crazy he was supposed to go for a memorial for WWI, and this came in between that.  It's very sad.
 Politics in this country are getting a little out of hand. 
 Totally! It has become nothing more than a popularity contest and the country suffers as a result. 
 Seems a little childish to threaten to sue them. The simpsons literally makes fun of everyone. 
 There is ethnic cleansing going on in China, among other places. Humans can be so closeminded and intolerant. 
 I am not sure what all the US would be able to do in China.  However, it is sure that something has to change
 they revealed the names of taliban informants...who were then killed by the taliban of course. terrorist supporters. that's why the government had plans to destroy them
 assange runs them. yeah trump said he loves them...treason in plain site. the guys a nightmare. his biographic film should be a horror flcik
 Same I think its hard but also important to follow the government and what they are up to, I think they tend to hide many things from us. 
 I think democracy is the best system, I hate dictators or authotitarian regimes, 
 That makes me so angry, kind of like the vote Texas Austin had to rename a dump after Fred Durst, seems like they dont take voting seriously
 Dogs themselves are the result of selective breeding of wolves, so... Anyway I can understand why people were afraid because PETA has been quite willing to harm animals in the past to make a point
 I remember reading that they euthanized pets after some of their raids.
 That is horrible. It killed 48 people and it seems that isn't the first time it has happened either. 
 That is my assumption as well. I'm sure a lot of it is protected lands. I am very angry that in 2006 legislation was passed that protects government employees for being prosecuted for violating Geneva conventions.
 That is a horrible law. So basically because they are in the government they can do whatever they want? Seems like a great way to work our way to a dictatorship. 
 Apparently. They should be held just as accountable as anyone else. I don't even understand how that was allowed to pass. 
 Probably the same way the US senate and house vote on their own salaries. 
 Agreed. I just wish he would pay his works accordingly. They work hard. The average warehouse worker walks 7 to 15 miles per day during their shift. 
 I got to agree with you. I had to tolerate my son being bullied. Once he stood up for himself it stopped. But it should not have happened at all. I think it's wrong. 
 Yes he has killed many people.  He tortured witnesses and his own family members
 The regular people do not but the king does.  He has a lot of things while his people are starving
 You are right.  I guess everyone is an individual, just like us.
 It's crazy what some companies try to get away with. A lady, Elizabeth Thorp, had to publicly humiliate them on twitter to get a refund.
 Btu even evangelicals were against the separation of the children from their parents. That policy has little to do with the border.  
 Yep I agree with you. It's definitely a better deal just to lease or buy. Did you hear how Enterprise charge someone $800 for damage to the car? Even though she didn't do the damage
 Not yet, I don't want to get charge a $150 cancellation fee or something else stupid
 Yea and the people at Hertz didn't even tell her the fan ran on diesel either
 What sucks is insurance companies will wait months before charging you a fee
 What false statement is the president making? I know its a sensible subject but I don't like Trump or he's managing the country.
 Yeah, obviously adjusted for inflation... Also, the President's guest house is larger than the White House?  Maybe Trump should accept pay. 
 I wonder if I have anything there.  More like Atlanta... Maybe a polo shirt or two...
 I thought button down collars and ties were going to go away by now... Business casual on Fridays is all that happened...
 I think that's more preppy than tough.  I think the Presidents and politicians should lighten up and start wearing polos or tie-dyed t-shirts. I can see the president of Indonesia doing that...
 Yeah, can you imagine Trump and Hillary working together?  I can see how that only lasted to 1805. 
 Unfortunately we rebuilt our whole society around them, thanks to collusion between the auto and real estate industries and government. Sorry for the rant LOL.
 Yeah, it's funny that Gloria was worried that DeDe would haunt her. 
 It seems weird to even by a car from Google, let alone an "aggressive" one.  Why not just put a big securit dog in the car while it warms?
 I suppose everyone likes dogs... What's not to like?  Dogs are versatile and even have 12 different blood types. 
 Yeah, they are.  They don't ask for much either even the ones that risk their lives (e.g., police and military dogs).
 I can believe it.  They are so capable sniffing out bombs and the like...
 Yep they are also entertaining... more so that the Nintendo system that could only display 54 colors... Well gotta go but don't know exactly how... Nice chat...
 I hope he doesn't make it out of this term! He has obstructed justice long enough
 I guess someone was suing Eminem, pretty unprofessional for a judge to deliver a ruing in a rap though
 True. When the campaign began, doctors were still telling pregnant women that it was safe for them to smoke! Thanks doc!
 Yea and there hasn't been a non republican/democratic president since 1853, that sucks
 One word: Watergate.  The gavel probably got tired of all the treachery. I'm an independent that doesn't believe in political parties.  They divide the county and people fight for their parties rather than the citizens of the country.  Too bad they've been around since 1853.
 It would be devastating for the WH silver (again).  The US senate has a candy desk to distribute candy since 1968.  Funny traditions...
 Not so light was in 1988 when an obscure law was invoked where senators could be arrested for not showing up.  Seems draconian... 
 Wonder how he got that name.  Nice chatting with you.
 Have you heard of the idiots who hung nooses outside the Capitol building in Mississippi?
 Yes I follow it a lot.  It is awful what Republican leaders are doing.  They will not stand up to Trump at all.
 Profiting off his presidency just like our current president does! 
 I think facebook is more trouble than it's worth, half of US divorce filing mentioned facebook in 2011
 LOL.  I wonder how much he got paid.  Today's college coaches tend to be the highest state employee through the majority of the country.  Must be nice. 
 Are you kidding.  Obamacare tripled by premium and deductible.  It hurt all but the very, very poor.  It is dying as we speak,  It was a disaster.  Trump is flamboyant but he gets things done. 
 Yes, unlike other people who have huge houses and large electric bills. 
 I know. There has been a lot of attack to her personal life as well. And sadly the President mocked her at a rally in Southhaven, was upsetting. 
 We went and took a picture from a far because the officer kept pushing us away. I might just go to Atlanta and take a picture of the replica. I might have better luck. 
 Agreed. Who'd have thought that someone who said what he said on the Access Hollywood tape would still win the election?! He's made fun of a disabled reporter, he's invalidated and disregarded the accomplishments of so many people in and out of this country... I'm shocked. Kids are being ripped from the arms of their parents and then Trump and his supporters call for unity. What do you think of all of this?
 I completely agree. Trumpism is so popular with the right, and the majority of the right is conservative and religious, so I think he adopts those views just to appease and win the support of his supporters.
 Now it's so commonplace for political candidates to personally attack their opponents based on their ethnic backgrounds or views on things like immigration. One Republican ad attacked a black candidate by calling them a "big-city rapper". It's terrible how things are developing this way!
 I was about to say that many terrorist have gone to cars and trucks in crowded streets. In my opinion, bans only work on the law-abiding. 
 They must have been sedated :)  I would like to go to a concert in an ancient amphitheater like the one in Croatia... 
 There hasn't been a non-republican or democrat president since 1853! 
 I do not believe that. I believe that the media is making it look that way.
 I totally disagree with you and agree with him. I don't look at Twitter. And I am not going to believe anything said by a leftist no matter what article I read it in. The President of the United Staes was elected by the people and deserves more respect than that.
 I think we all do that. He is constantly being accused of anything and everything by the press. It would be hard to defend oneself don't you think? He has been right on almost every level and he is still being accused of anything the press in this country feel like accusing him of on any given day. Would you rather have Clinton in the White House?
 I think FOX is another press that is only in it for money and will say whatever makes money for them. I do not listen to mainstream American news. I am a member of Codias. I also use Gatestone and Breitbart.
 I am pro military. I think that we need a stronger military. I dislike many of the Senators and House members.
 Yes, but things like gerrymandering have gotten out of hand.  The GOP seems to be willing to "bend the rules" on things like gerrymandering in order to stay in power.  Also, the Electoral College seems to me to be way out of date. Don't you thnk we should abolish that?
 That's because of the Electoral Collge. It allows the person with FEWER votes to win.  It's wrong.  I agree with the Democratic party, "stop the madness".  Time for some big changes, I think.
 Yea or for a Republican ticket not to feature a Nixon or Bush on it, hasn't happened since 1928
 I agree, I think both parties are at fault they should start working for the people instead many people are struggling now.
 Yeah and another thing why has 34% of the black male population of Albama lost their right to vote? 34% can definetely make a difference.
 That sounds like a Grinch to me! why ban Christmas trees! that is not ok.
 Yes, he told a black female reporter 
 Sorry, I hit enter by accident. Yes, and he also told a black reporter to sit down, in a contemptuous manner.
 Yeah those are solid shows. I like Shark tank but most deals are never enacted, that feels like a hoax...
 Very sad. I can't imagine why people don't take it more seriously. Many of them usually have opinions to but don't want to go out and do anything about it. 
 Very negatively. How about you?
 I'm guilty of it most of the time. I don't think TOS or EULAs should be binding when the people who write them know nobody actually reads them.
 Ha ha yeah they well. No boundaries for them. I wish that 70s show was never remade in the UK. Didn't sound like it did that well.
 Instead of exploiting children exploit the adults. They can handle the scrutiny. 
 Have a good one!
 Yes.  Sandy Hook and Columbine were awful as well - the videos that come out of these events are horrible
 They did? isnt the Simpsons like the most popular show Fox has, why would they sue
 Yes, students shouldn't be having to evolve "along with the threat of shootings". They shouldn't have to become activists. Hopefully with the reinvigoration of the gun-control movement, change will come. 
 I do watch some uk stuff.  I did not know that,  thats so odd considering it was such a hit in the us. 
 I feel somewhat shammed because Google Moon previously used pictures of cheese for close zoom levels.
 I hate that show.
 Yup you're right, do you know any cheerleaders? I don't like how the Saints treats their cheerleaders btw, they can't even eat at a restaurant with a player inside it.
 That is really a retrograde attitude from their part, do they forbid cheerleaders to ride horses because it is unlady-like ?
 That is way too much money! Well, it was nice chatting today!
 Not a fan at all, really. And I'm still waiting for the Redskins to change their controversial, outdated, and offensive name :/
 Really? I would have thought some modern presidents would have made that list. I wonder if they adjusted income accounting for inflation. Of course back then their labor costs came at the expense of people so they could hold onto their wealth. 
 No kidding! There would be sheer chaos if the presidential runner ups automatically became vice president today. That was a serious mistake. 
 No kidding. He's charged with 17 counts of murder, yet people are sending sexually suggestive photographs, greeting cards, encouragement, and other notes. 
 And at least some of the $800 in his commissary came from these "fans". It's a known phenomenon though. Similar things happened with Charles Manson, Jeffrey Dahmer, and Ted Bundy.
 if they cant pass the tests then they dont deserve a degree, 
 Probably. Our government is supposed to be balanced but I find when it is balanced all we have is gridlock. It is frustrating. 
 it is just crazy to me that they can make laws about their own salaries. Like I would love to vote on how much i get paid. 
 fine and you ?
 ok good example. Beyonce and her husband Jay Z have done shows together. Ever though she is the bigger star, he was paid at least 50000 more than she was.
 Facebook's founder is color blinded, did you know
 Many NFL players go bankrupt soon after retirement. The same is true of NBA players. They have money but don't know how to manage it.
 Maybe they should go back to college. Tim Duncan stayed in college. Maybe it helped him.
 That would be a great experience for sure.  I wish I could have witnessed Kareem Abdul Jabbar's dominant use fo the dunk.  I believe he got this shot banned from college basketball for over a decade!  Not cool.  
 this is inhumane.  Too many innocent people lost their lives because of this controllable issue
 Very true. The Senate needs to end this shutdown quickly!
 That is so true and very hard to believe, isn't it? Can you also believe a guy named Justin Beiber was banned from Facebook just because he had the same name as the celeb? That is just wrong!
 I know! And how did they allow him access to that money? They should have dealt with his finances.
 Yeah. But I still don't understand the full terms when buying a product on the internet
 That seems like far too much. I have also heard that the average American golf course consumes 312,000 gallons of water per day. That's so wasteful when so many people are without drinkable water. 
 I agree. I also believe Dubai is in the United Arab Emirates which is full of desert and could use that water for much better purposes. 
 I don't think that they really think about it. I would place blame on them but much more blame on the golf course owners for being so wasteful. 
 They should be ashamed I totally agree with you, using a person like that, mocking the military and mocking people that just want to help
 And a Marine. The couple doesn't seem to have any redeeming quality though
 There are so many people on these social media sites that it's like you have a whole stadium to scam. 30% of American adults use facebook
 Good for him. There was an NBA coach (Stan Van Gundry) who was fined for saying that the NBA should not have games on Christmas day. What a ridiculous reason for a fine. 
 NewsWars has a FB page. Maybe it now has been removed I remember it was up a long time. There was some issues with what he was saying and doing with it for awhile
 They may hate them. I guess Burger King wouldn't give them a "like." Weirdly enough, the like button is illegal in shleswigenholstein (german state) for some reason.
 If you're addicted then I'm not sure how much that would help.
 I wish congress would intervene.
 Wow, more Trump bashing, how novel. I just was gagging reading an article, "Has Trump finally gone to far?"  I my opinion, it's the biased press that's going too far.
 They use the PC term "undocumented immigrants". 
 They lament about kids being separated from their parents.  The same exact policy was being used during the Obama administration.  One can prove that a million times over and the press still paints it as a Trump thing.  Sick of this nonsense. 
 It's about hate and not wanting to accept election results.  The article goes on claiming that Trump has failed to secure the border without naming why it's failing resistance from Dem's and certain GOPmembers.  I think they care more about money and their ability to hold office than they do for the safety of Americans.
 Now the separation of kids from parents is a crisis.  I remember one Trump bashing article on this issue.  I had pictures of where the kids were kept during these separations.  I came out later that the pictures were taken during the Obama admin.
 Neither, kind of frustrating that their has only been republican or democratic presidents since 1853
 TBH I don't even like calling the big operations farmers, because that word conjured up images of a family working its own land.
 No they really don't and I think if we are going to move forward as a country we need that. Someone who is in touch with the world today and not completely off in their own little world. 
 Tends to happen when we have governments that think it is okay for their own employees to violate the geneva convention and they pass laws to protect them. 
 The media and polls use it to their own ends.  Truth is a casualty.  I just read a really biased op ed that claims the right benefit from these shootings.  Crazy...
 I could see that because if they think he is injured they might not practice as hard. Of course it could all be about the media and the money too. 
 Yeah I would be a pro football player by now lol, all those hours playing Madden NFL
 I know, that's crazy. Disenfranchisement is a serious problem, we really need to give everyone the right to vote.
 I wonder whether they will discover the motive of the person who stole it.  That would be despicable that someone would want to profit from something by damaging our scientific knowledge of species.
 It's sad to think about. Makes me never want to travel there. Or places like Japan where it cost more than $300 to travel across the country as all the highways are tolls. That is ridiculous!
 Excatly. That's why it is causing people to be less productive and in fact it is a real addiction.
 Surely there's no such thing as too much learning but somehow the WWW can be abused too when used wrongly.  I do agree that internet is great to be able to communicate and find information but it should also educate people the usage of internet.
 yes, surely firing them. That's what some companies do after a couple of warnings.
 But most are not underperforming. We soend too may hours at work and there's always some downtime. Let's get back to the hit. Interesting that we used to elect a VP like this: 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 Yeah, it missed me too but totally got my son. There was a 6 month period where that is all he would watch. I hate that show...
 It is bad how people drive. I used to yell at people and maybe flip them off. But then my wife convinced me that it could get me shot.
 That is why we are in the Facebook mess. No one reads the fine print and Facebook thinks they can sell our private information to other companies.
 And we're probably due for another government shutdown in a couple of weeks. 
 We don't need a wall. We need to spend the money on our own people first.
 Yeah, I hope they used it to do just that. We really need to stop destroying the earth. 
 All a confusion. They should be more cautious
 It's strange how much coverage celebs get, it isn't really that important Judge Judy makes 123,000 an episode
 You are exactly right because it was canceled after 10 episodes.
 More troubling is that he seemed to bring it up only to say that he had been diagnosed and chose not to listen to the doctors when he clearly should. What I missed in the sideshow of it all and I do not believe was reported on enough is that he said he supported Trump because have a woman president would have threatened his masculinity. As a woman I found that very upsetting. I almost felt sorry for him since he was clearly in need of mental health help but that comment changed my mind. 
 It did seem like he needed help. His arguments for supporting the president were very simplistic. He was also very egotistical. "It made me feel like superman," is that the real reason to wear a MAGA cap?
 Sorry, he was arguing that they are not equally to blame, which I don't really agree with, but it's rather interesting that some policies of Trump's are affecting the world in unintended ways, such as the soybean farmers in Brazil.
 I'm absolutely sure that many of his policies are having or are going to have very bad affects in the long run. 
 I'd hate to hear that Judge's rap, sounds unprofessional and awkward 
 But for only a buck, really, that is a poor financial decision, well maybe he earned a lot of money and they couldnt afford him that would make more sense
 So they leaked the plan to stop the leaks ?  Sometimes I think officials should be chosen by lottery, like in ancient Athens. 
 I know, not a designer kind of guy myself... There's another $200 billion around the corner.  It hurts businesses that have legit designer handbags.
 I am but I'm mostly an observer/commenter...
 Why is it always about Trump, I am getting real tired of talking about the man.
 I have! But they get annoying to me. I used to have two phonebooks, and their pages got overlapped, it was impossible to separate them!
 I did when I was a kid.  I played more outside than kids to today.  More TV and video game entertainment now.  
 I caught up with the Simpsons as an adult.  Love Homer, a guy that has 188 hobs in 400 episodes. 
 Yes, I've watched a few episodes.  It was just "OK
 That's funny, I can't see him doing that...
 Wow.  I ended up putting them in the spokes of my bicycle to make an engine noise.  I wonder what that actually cost?
 Yes, America's favorite past time.  I think maybe the internet is now America's choice for entertainment. 
 Which is crazy considering they were able to put 3g service on mt everest too. Why cant they fix our speeds
 Wow, hi-tech.  I was born in TX.  Then Atlanta... I guess I have traveled quite a bit... I would like to go to Iceland.
 Hmm, didn't know that.  I hear the traffic is bad in Houston.  I have an uncle there.  It's no picnic in ATL. Yes, that bus would blow my trusty Volvo away.
 I'm thinking a retired NASCAR driver.  Definitely not someone from Mackinac Island. 
 I hear you.  I forgot about Paula Abdul... Don't get me started on taxes... Sales tax is crazy where I'm at.  In places it's almost 10%...
 Yep.  Death and taxes... I've been a fan of a flat tax for years.  All American need to have skin in the game.  We have too many people that don't and only vote for people that keep them funded. 
 I'm in my 50's.  I don't think too many millennials think this was but thank you. It was great talking with you!  Maybe we'll bump into each other in Iceland! 
 Sounds great...
 What's especially aggravating is that Ford--the man later identified as the shooter on the police station--was already on the ground before Colson was shot. If Krauss paid attention to this fact, presumably communicated via radio already, he would have realized that Colson wasn't the shooter. I understand the stress officers are under, and I respect their willingness to put their lives on the line, but it's infuriating that there's not more regulation and that they can just get away with killing people like this.
 I got so angry when I heard about that black man getting arrested
 Yeah I mean if the  guy  was a caucasian male then the officer would have helped him out, given him out a badge for good citizen, it's just terrible we still face these racial dilemmas
 I know and the officer just to released the blame made accusations about marijuana, thats not cause for arrest, there needs to be more evidence and better training for the police force
 Congress can barely keep it together as it is!
 That does seem like a really bad idea. Why would it be okay for a government official to go out and violate that? I wonder if they did it to cover the CIA and FBI for when they question people. 
 no not really but maybe if they were we wouldn't be on the verge of yet another shutdown. 
 It is sad that the people are getting punished because grown adults can't seem to work together for the good of our country. 
 They also hacking the US computer system not once but on many occasions.  I think we should have some severe punishments for their action
 I completely agree with you on this point.  I think the decision is brainless and creating unfavorable attitude toward our country's reputation as a whole
 Really don't like that show actually haha, I was angry when it beat out Seinfeld for the goldenglobe back in 97 LOL
 Thats crazy, it seems like we are just puppets in their game and since Trump I think things are getting worse.
 Yeah, JFK, Washington, and Jefferson are the top 3.  Sure that was adjusted for inflation!
 Yep.  It was the "runner up."  Can you image Hillary and Trump working together?
 Yep.  Many visitors... I guess when Obama wasn't traveling too much, he had the world come to him.  
 Yeah.  I'm not sure it should be shut down as does the gov't.  It may be a valuable asset to the people. We need more visibility into the gov'ts actions. 
 yeah, he's not supposed to do politics on the  taxpayers dime. like he shouldnt use af1 to go to a campaign rally
 yeah, it now costs 206K / hour to run AFOne. So its no joke
 well, guys like jfk could afford it. I'm not sure Trumps got the money
 It is a bad one, apparently cheerleaders have to leave if a player arrives it doesnt matter if they are in a restaurant eating, they have to leave that second
 Personal not so fun fact.  I had a 1000 shares of Netflix that I bought for $5 share and sold for $60.  It eventually went to $600 before it split.  Darn it.
 He sort of reminds me of Axl Rose.
 I have many but I would have to go with the Corvette.  I would just have to remember not to warm it up in Ohio. 
 Yep.  Personally, I'd rather invent something cool like the rotary phone or maybe the dolphin cell phone. 
 Oh that is terrible. Who would drop friends on social media just to get a burger? It should only be used for good things like what Iceland is doing with their constitution. 
 I'm a little disappointed in the Facebook news features lately. It seems to be very polarized one way or the other. It is all fox new or CNN. I would much prefer a neutral outlet. 
 Explains some of the anti american sentiment in other countires is that is the impression they get of us. There is so much yelling and anger on that particular news channel. 
 It would be great, but are they willing to alter the game significantly to lower the risk of concussion ? I think there is too much money involved. 
 I see.  Not surprised.  Good ol' oil. We stomp on anyone to get that sweet black texas tea.  If it weren't for the fact checkers in the media, we'd have taken over the world for it by now
 The outer planets are something of an enigma.  Like the sunset on Mars being blue?  How cool is that?
 Me too! It's so frustrating, The NFL is like a giant showpony.
 Hopefully because justice is deserved and no one should be above the law, aparently bishops are, there should be a law to sanction them.
 I wonder why democrats enlist in the military since they typically want smaller military's.  When democratic presidents take office and start shutting down military bases, like clinton did, should the enlisted democrats that voted them in lose their jobs first?
 I know right, a lot of money only for tolls
 Total macabre. I can almost hear the waterphone making creepy metallic noises. 
 Yea, I don't really like that show, I've been watching some reruns of the Cosby show recently
 I think we should!  I don't like facebook... or i like to call it... FAKEBOOK!
 oh yeah, i know and have seen it done!  They are very enethical, which is crazy!  Because in this country today, everyone overreacts to the smalles of things... Yet, facebook is still up.
 Yeah I think they should provide more financial education to the players so they don't blow all their money right away. I think the NBA is a great organization but they need to look out for their players. They do foolish things however, like fining Stan Van Gundy for saying games shouldn't be played on Christmas.
 Yes I totally agree. If the USA as a whole truly values education and the future generation than they need to implement policies and allocate appropriate funding to pay teachers more, improve schools, etc. In terms of education around the world the USA is really falling behind and I hate to see that.
 That was a time were sexism was  allowed everywhere that makes me a bit angry
 Okay. The world was II is very harrable.
 Yes I loved that show. Can you believe they did a UK remake?
 I know, right? And what gets me is Pokemon has over 750 yet the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes. 
 Exactly, and even way back in Thomas Jefferson's time he was making his own Bible by cutting out supernatural parts so it sounds like American leaders have been radical about religion for a long time which makes the 1963 date seem practically late, although personally I wish we could still learn about the Bible in schools.
 Yes that's true at the very least it could be taught as just what it is, a historical account dating back centuries and containing early Hebrew and Christian teachings- people don't have to become religion necessarily just to learn about the history of such a prominent belief system.
 No, kinda of deceptive but a guess the show is just used as a mass medium for advertising
 What gets me is Pokemon has over 750 episodes which is like 50 per year for 16 consecutive years yet the 70s Show remake only lasted ten episodes.
 I remember how angry I used to get at the idea of summer reading lists. I didn't read Watership Down till I'd been an adult a long time, and I noticed the book was on the high school's mandatory summer reading. If I'd been forced to read it like that I'd probably hate it to my dying day.
 Money creates championship teams.
 I don't know.  It was surprising to me considering that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to follow an odd rule.
 YEs, a cheerleader has to leave a restaurant if a player is also in it. Like all the responsibility is on the cheerleader and none on the player, that is unjust. 
 Neither are Tomlin, Big Ben, and Antonio Brown. 
 Yeah -- too much IMO. Since WWII they plan cities around the car so that work and shopping are no longer close to where people live -- people without cars can't survive.
 It's been a tough few years for you... Not sure a signed Snyder pic would sooth my anger!
 Yes very true. I would be so mad if they had a pitch from another players name.
 Yeah and really sexist if you ask me, its really unfair and I think the cheerleaders should sue the team for that
 Probably. It seems like there is a lot of pressure put on a GB even at the high school levels. 
 Endorsements seem to make a lot of money for players. I am very disturbed by the fact that across all US department of defense employees, the highest paid are three fottball coaches of service branch teams. 
 Good question. I agree! NFL games only have 11 minutes of live gameplay. There is no reason many women athletes couldn't do that!
 I know. I get mad when my DVRed simpsons does not start on time because football ran over. So irritating.
 I don't think it's going to work at all. For one thing, he's only implementing it on TV. What about the other mediums?
 He's done a great job although it is seldom reported by the media. Trump should use the internet even more with inter-linked hypertext docs and more apps. 
 You could move to Iran.  The unrest there is country-wide.  I'm sure you could find something nice.  
 Hee. Yep, BLM land... I think it's interesting that a study showed that nonviolent civil resistance is much more successful than violent ones (53% vs 26%)
 That is weird.  Like the 1st pres of Zimbabwe was called "banana" 
 Can you see Trump working with Hillary?  I don't think they'd get along.
 Pelosi is actually a Disney Animatron programmed by the DNC and connected by 3g.
 A lot of Americans are increasingly critical of celebrity leftists and their photo-op protests, just as a lot of Iranians are increasingly critical of Iran's legal code.
 How many "Oh We Are So Great" award shows are there for the Hollywood crowd?  I think they should be sent to Nevada to hoe weeds in that 86% land with the big gov't they so love. 
 They're not my favorites either. I really need to go. Great talking with you.
 Too sad, no medicine, no food and a dictator that calls himself the hero of the country, he blames it all on us.
 I don't like it. I understand they don't want them mixing with the players but I think that's really extreme.
 Agreed. They could use the chips to see how many times the ball rotates and then let a little air out.
 Maybe there is more racism with the coaches and the managers than we thought...  
 Oh nice. LOL yes they have definitely had their troubles! Have you ever played football? I never have but I would want to be quarterback because they are the leader of the offensive team.
 Yes I did. It wasn't a great game-very low scoring. Commercials were good though. Did you watch? The Patriots are like the Lannisters of the NFL (if you watch the game of thrones).
 My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks since that is where I'm from. Also thats why I don't like the Patriots-they beat us in the Superbowl a few years back.
 That makes sense. Did you know a deaf player had a sign language interpreter for the huddle but after winning, they would never let the interpreter stand near the coach?
 No, I mean, after they won and lined up, they wouldn't let her act like she was on par with the coach or the players. In my opinion, kind of messed up
 That's true. I am unhappy about the sexist manner with which the Saints treat their cheerleaders. 
 I don't know why a cheerleader would have to stop eating and leave a restaurant when a player enters. She was there first. What is the point?
 Maybe they had issues with fraternization between cheerleaders and players that was leading to lawsuits. 
 That is just ridiculous. I wonder what prompted such a silly and sexist rule?
 That last Superbowl I watched dragged on for 3 hours.  Makes me mad there is so much wasted time.
 I'm pretty sure President is a term other countries use as well as it is a title for the head of state in most republics.
 I want to know why the cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as the players.
 I agree they should change it.
 I don't think that the weight and height differences would be fair. I would like to see a league that's not exploitative like the lingerie bowl is. Speaking of sexism, were you aware that Saints cheerleaders Are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as players and if a player enters they have to leave even if they are eating? 
 WOW?! I just saw recently that most only make minimum wage which is also very anger inducing. On a lighter note, did you know there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game?
 They are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as players. That would be bad enough but if the cheerleader was there first and already sat and eating, they have to get up, leave their food, and leave the restaurant. 
 Of course, the last Super Bowl score was kind of terrible. The Saints should have been in. I'm still bitter. They had the best rookies out there, with Alvin Kamara and Marshon Lattimore. 
 Yeah, that kind of makes me mad every time, I hear that stat.  Because I know I sit there at least three hours and watch alot of standing around and other nonsense going on.  Such a waste of my time!
 Oh, there's no doubt Brady is one do the best! He is another favorite of mine. Can you believe his JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup after they lost every single game and failed to score a touchdown? That is almost infuriating! As a fan or player of that team, I would have been irate!
 I have heard about it and it's so silly. That sounds like classic discrimination and I can't believe it hasn't been dealt with. I mean, they have as much of a right to eat in the same restaurant as the players do even at the same time! Plus they shouldn't be required to leave if a player walks in and they're already dining there. It's sickening!
 It really is. Its not like everything a player does these days isnt under a microscope. If anything bad happens you lose your job. They shouldnt make them leave a restaurant. Its messed up.
 That's pretty impressive. But what's not impressive is how the NFL treats their cheerleaders.
 I have watched shows about how cheerleaders were treated and the harassment and the amount of money they make is way below what the players get.
 That is unfair! how can the NFL allow that, so rude and so sexist. That rule makes me so mad. 
 As an administrator, he is not supposed to make management mistakes. 
 Possibly. Women were not allowed to wear pants on the u.s. senate floor until 1993 after senators barbara mikulski and carol moseley braun defiantly staged a protest by wearing pantsuits. 1993! That's ridiculous and extremely sexist for far longer than is acceptable. 
 What I really hate is when they have 3 or 4 announcers on the radio at the same time, laughing and giggling and talking over each other. It's annoying! I prefer just 1 or 2 people.
 Yeah. I like that more too. It's always awkward when the host and guest talk over each other. I get irritated...
 Yeah...the simpsons without bart episode will probably become a movie before another Shakespeare play does...they way things are going these days
 I heard he is editing pictures to portray a different history.  If he is trying to fool people that is despicable.
 I don't know a lot about America's presidents either, which is disappointing because America is my native country.  I didn't pay much attention in history class in high school.
 I think that is a problem, that someone can unintentionally create so much influential fake news.  The onion is meant to be funny, but China, perhaps not able to translate the page very well, believed it as true.
 I know.  He is a dictator.  He does not care about what others say about him.
 I heard that almost 5000 Philippine people have been killed in the past couple of years because of his policies.  It's awful.
 Indeed they do and rightfully so, in my opinion. Just think if Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career played in the 60s. He would have been ripped off and that's so wrong!
 And they are situated in New-York, I would have thought that would be situated in in the deep south, for me, they will sound even stranger when they blame the NY elite. 
 That's their paradox, they promote violences and hatred, yet they don't want to be blamed, like want happened in Pittsburgh. 
 There is that, but also, the president should take the leadership for those issues. Being the head of the state, those kind of problems should be his priority. 
 It in the case of the US, the role of the president is not ceremonial, it is even more important. 
 I think it was the sixties but that's still impressive! Why do you think that cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as players though? That makes me mad
 Wow you know a lot about the amazon.  Do you know if there are any monkeys there?  I only ask because my favorite group is the Arctic Monkeys.  I was really mad when Kanye talked too long on Jimmy Kimmel's show and they couldn't perform!
 Yup, enjoy action movies.  But I like listening to music as well.  You listen to Kanye West?  His music's ok. I just can't stand his support of Trump!
 Yes making them leave a restaurant if an NFL player is there? Not very cool at all. 
 Yes I love watching TV. I really love that 70' show. Can't believe they made the UK version!
 I do not think it is because he loves his parents.  I think it is because he is lazy.  He had a poor work history.
 Except it sounds like he doesn't have a  business if he is using his family's money and interrupting their lives.
 I would change the locks and cut off contact if he was my son.  Sometimes tough love is the way to go.  Everything else has not worked yet.
 Yeah but hopefully you would never be in an extreme situation like this.  It takes a certain type of person to do this to their parents
 no way, I didn't realize that. I just also have a huge issue with how scummy the NFL is to it's players and how much they extort their fans and tax payers.
 Hello, did you know that the government shut down because of Trump?
 It is terrible. In the recent attacked it wasn't just militants either. Over 80 of the people were women and children. 
 Pretty much. Why music albums? Like is running a country not enough for you? Are things that great that it doesn't require your entire focus?
 Yeah. I am not sure what this president's role is. I say that as someone who wants the president to succeed but this is really tough to root for, even before he was elected. The whole "grab her by the..." mad me angry as a father and husband. Grab either of my girls, regardless and there will be an issue.
 Yes, that's so crazy! I don't understand how we can have laws strict enough to regulate warming up your car but we can't have laws strict enough to regulate who can own a gun... Well, at least my car was useful as it helped me drive down to D.C. for the March for Our Lives rally
 Could you imagine living back in the days when the runner up to the election was the Vice President? That would be interesting.
 Very true, but the President has always made it a central part of his image and drawn attention to it.  I really don't care how much he has, but stop telling me how much you have.
 Speaking of screaming, apparently Michael Moore recently attended an anti-trump rally, with Jeff Flake of all people.
 Speaking of believability, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called Banana? Are these people pulling my leg?
 Remember the show MacGyver ?  Now we have websites where one can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas. 
 Yep. Like Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the WH.  He was an environmentalist that was ahead of his time. 
 I didn't think of that.  You've been an excellent chat-mate.  Thanks!
 I think if most people faced jail time they wouldn't protect their boss. 
 She was there for all the Trump criminality. She would have to testify under oath. I think she has information.
 What a buzzkill! Bye!
 The way things are going they probably use a bonfire more. The guy's got investigations coming out of the wazoo
 I think the treason is in plain sight. Trump said the USSR was right to invade Afghanistan! The meeting in Trump tower may be treason as Bannon says, but this one we don't have to take anyone's word
 Great.  I think the rhetoric of our era is very biased and unfair to Trump.  I don't think the press and celebrities should continue to complain about the election.
 Those were the days.
 I agree.  A child could tell that most so-call news programs are biased.  The aforementioned author (?) went on to slam the "fake news" truth with pseudo-intellectual dribble. 
 No kidding! I mean, the 17 week regular season from early September to December is too short as it is already, in my opinion! It all should be longer!
 It could be that females just aren't really aware of that opportunity. They may just assume they can't. Especially with things happening like New Orleans Saints cheerleaders not being able to eat anywhere that any NFL player shows up at. Seems terribly sexist!
 Probably so! I tell you what would make attendance go down is if a team in the US was called the "Tall Blacks" like that team over in New Zealand is. I don't see how they get away with such a racist name!
 I personally don't believe in the equal rights thing, and I'm a woman! As far as a favorite league, my favorite team is the New Orleans Saints. They have awesome cheerleaders too, but some of the rules they have to follow are ridiculous. They aren't allowed to have any kind of social contact with the players!
 Yes. They are athletic women for sure but they put them in basically bras and panties. It's always rubbed me the wrong way. I also don't like the sexist way the Saints treat their cheerleaders. 
 No they have a policy where the cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as players. That would be one thing but if the cheerleader is there first and already eating they have to stop and leave if a player enters. 
 Yeah, they are required to leave a restaurant if a player comes in. Why isnt it the other way around?
 Not to add to the negativity but I can't see Trump pulling that off.  I'm pretty sure he won't be referred to as "banana" like the 1st president of Zimbabwe. 
 And they say he's a slacker... I can't believe they did a UK version of the 70's Show.  I'm not surprised it was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 Yes, as I date myself.  Getting a color TV was a big deal. 
 That would be different.  Also strange is that the President's guest house is larger that the White House.  
 Cool. Did you know that Trump doesn't put up with NYT so-called journalists. Is adverse to germs and not huge on changing diapers?  He's a bad guy because of that and blah, blah, blah... I just thought I'd say this for the sake of covering things.  It was hard to read that nonsense.  
 Agreed. I'm a southerner myself.  Went to Georgia Tech.  It's been great chatting with you.  Keep up the faith!
 I have no idea, but there must be a qualified person taking care of it, students like to make pranks with the mascot, thats mean
 I read about a crazy woman who killed someone because the other driver was too slow.
 Or even worse, I heard they have to leave if one enters a restaurant they are already in.  Who would agree to something like that.
 I wish the states had more room to experiment with various policies without the feds or supreme court coming in an making law for the entire nation.  If texas wants open carry of automatic weapons, and Massachusetts wants to try single-payer healthcare, then let them, and let people come and go.  It's hard to break free when the Feds own most of the land, like they do in Nevada.
 I have a little bit.  The problem in South America is that all these socialist countries are realizing too late that socialism is a terrible way to govern!
 I am good but very frustrated at Jeff Sessions defending the child separation at the border.
 That is a horrible idea.  These people come here to try to save their children from abuse and death. The Washington Post told Sessions that separating infants and toddlers from their mothers is wrong.
 The authority people at her place did not report the incidence, and that is all that I have known of.  
 Oh I don't think he should use Twitter at all! It's very crazy to me!
 Yeah personally I think he is the richest president ever, and they fiddled with the numbers. I do know that he passed off stocks before his presidency. Surely he can ask for them right back, after the fact. Which isn't fair at all.
 That they have to leave the restaurant if a player walks in?  That is awful!
 I think we should stop publicizing mass killers. That is what they want.
 They want their faces splashed on every screen. They even write about it, about how the more you kill the more limelight you get.
 Why do you think the Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in? What's their reasoning?
 But why doesn't the player have to leave if the cheerleader comes in? It isn't fair. It's discrimination, don't you think?
 yep poor me . but i know one thing there is a basket ball court on top of US supreme court building
 I didnt know that, he is like the star of the show, doesnt make sense to have Simpsons without Bart.
 No, that's a shame states waste that much money on football/basketball coaches
 Gaming is very popular nowadays though. If you can make money off of it, hats off to you.
 That rule is so unfair, makes me angry, its really humiliating
 Terrible rule, I would be so angry and feel so bad if I had to leave, specially if im with friends and family, humiliating and really unfair,
 Apparently, as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements, they can play.
 Sounds like the increase of females in engineering will be worth it over a career in football, anyhow, as the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a football player.
 Hi! I love the Packers, actually! But I don't love how the waiting list for season tickets exceeds 100k names and nearly 30 years! That is just ridiculous!
 Congratulations to him. He deserves it. I can't there are 32 teams and we end up with the Patriots in the Superbowl again. That's upsetting. 
 Yes it does. I know that Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as players and if they are there first an a player enters they have to leave. That's very upsetting. 
 I'm more of a Patriots fan than a fan of Donald Trump. 
 We would have a civil war almost every week lol, its a good thing that has changed now, in my opinion Trump should use his time to record pop albums instead of trying to build an expensive and useless wall
