 It makes sense when you put it that way but in terms of that universe size the electron could be very big.
 That's interesting! Of the 1.5 million species, 1 million are insects! Yuck!
 Lots of rap does have that!
 I suppose.  Just like most music what is played on the radio is just garbage 
 I have no idea what that is, as I don't pay attention to her either. I still find it mindblowing that Big Sean turned down a scholarship to Michigan, to go rap.
 We should just have people voted in by lottery. That's what Athens used to do.
 That's pretty cool.  If he'd had a black character in it in the 1950s that was worthy of banning a science fiction comic!
 Yikes! The silence of the lambs came out on valentine's day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million.
 It was so frustrating and annoying.  Vader's turn to the bright side at the end should have affirmed him and gave him deterination to continue, and why have Han's son be so bad, that is just pointless,  I guess they couldn't think of a bad guy.
 I won't even pay to see the rest of them,  the cinematography is great though.
 Not so much. I heard that the longest tennis match in history went on for 11 hours. I definitely would not want to watch that.
 I have zero ideas how rankings work in tennis. I think it is appalling for a little girl to be told she was too black for tennis whites. That is the epitome of racism right there.
 really ? I think something is wrong with that man
 Very unfair. Isn't (s)he supposed to be just? Weighing the decisions of the land so that everyone is treated fairly?
 That's creepy. Makes me want to listen to music. Do you like rap?
 I believe it. We need the land for farming and people want the lumber.
 I wonder if the aliens will need the helium when they finally settle on our planet. The UN now has an ambassador for extraterrestrials.
 Wow that is just crazy amounts of money. But look at the budget for movies like avengers. Billions of dollars. 
 She had her wish of making America proud.  Guess the same can't be said for the Russians because of the prior doping scandal.
 You would think that rather than compromising, like the Olympic committee did, they would just start to ban them.  Isn't teaching them anything to allow certain numbers to still participate and medal.
 Just like any other job, pay for the training.  Unfortunately in this instance the control extends beyond all the way to love lives, behavior and diets.  Not for me thank you.
 I occasionally do that. The pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants to billy mays funeral. Disrespectful much?
 Yes, that is weird, to sell clothes worn by don't know who or whom these clothes belongs to. 
 Exactly! You never know what happened in those clothes. That's what I always say about clothes at "vintage stores," too. You don't know what happened in children's clothes...especially the pants. 
 I think the pointless project funding goes back to entitlement spending. People start to think they can spend just because they want to. 
 The problems lie in the facts that it is doing nothing but driving us deeper into debt as federal funding goes to these pointless projects that are driven in the name of research for research's sake and has no practical value. 
 yeah! THat's sexism! Seems like something they would do in the 20s and 30s though...
 I didn't know that but I do know that  this country still engages is voter suppression; not much has changed over the years with the GOP
 I am going to let the GOP know I am not happy one bit and vote on the other side of the aisle
 Absolutely, I don't agree with the job Trump is doing.
 That would be a good thing. I think it would increase the excitement of the game because you would have more evenly matched teams. 
 Yea, I remember that, although Chapman is a great closer I wish the Yankees wouldn't of traded for him in 2016 due to his incidents
 I think it has a clear link with the use of animals by many companies.... Using fur without consent kinda resembles using unclaimed baggage
 Interesting point of view ! I still think they are right to ban it though 
 I don't. They look handy, but come off as kind of invasive.
 $350 really is too expensive. I get that Apple tries to go for the high-end market, but good grief.
 That is good.  There is a line between public safety and animal cruelty
 Yeah, pretty much. I'm locked into a disturbing amount of their utilities. How about you?
 I refuse to use Bing because I despise Microsoft even more than Google. 
 Yeah, Bezos will do that in lieu of compensating his employees.  He's another one of the lefty liberals that would disappear if you removed the hypocrisy from them.  
 I didn't know that. Makes sense though because then they can direct traffic toward their products and shows. 
 Me either and I remember when Paris Hilton was everywhere.  I wish the Kardashians would go the same way.  They are way overrated, as well.  
 Hello. Would you pay 10$ a month for you tube music ?
 I would also. Lets talk about earth next. its sad to think that more then 80 percent of the earths forest are already gone 
 It is awful. We're destroying this planet inch by inch in the short time we've been here. If the earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds!
 Don't do those things. If you are down big, you shouldn't steal. If you have not gotten a hit, you shouldn't bunt.
 Or be hygienic and don't spit seeds all over the dug out. So gross. Or chew tabacco!
 Now come on... that's just crazy!!!
 Interesting! I wonder if she had any suggestions about the character Chewbacca.  I'm guessing she didn't or he would likely have got a medal at the end of Star Wars!
 Yeah but I don't like it when people make it look like kids are a huge problem even if it's for their own attention.  Yeah, I probably have luggage somewhere in ATL. 
 If anything, all that does is show your lack of parenting skills...and alcohol problem.
 I am sure it is great!  These people are just haters... especially since Disney bought the franchise!
 Oh i see. Politics, I try to keep up with them but it's just too time consuming. 
 Well, it was not E.T downloading illegal materials; it was the janitor!  I am glad the facility director got the FBI involved.
 And what else could be done with $200 million?  Probably something much more important.
 Thats a good question! No woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography.
 That is terrible. A woman has never even been nominated.
 Were their English limited or do they have some psychological problems...? Do they not understand the damage they can cause the children? These odd baby names, although originated from somewhere is really bad for the kids.
 No I did not know that until I read these articles. The favors celebrities get bothers me. 
 Yes, it's crazy that they started out as an online bookstore and now it's so big it's the largest internet retailer in the world
 Yeah that movie was deep. I took an elective class in high school on the holocaust and we watched it. That was a screwed up time in history. Man the way they lined p the Jews and shot them in rows to save bullets. That always sticks out to me as a prime example of how sick and screwed up the Germans were at that time. Not worried about the lives they took at all just how many bullets they used doing it.
 I know, it affected me a lot at the time.  I'd also recently been to Germany and seen one of those concentration camps.  I don't know how people can become like that.
 agreed!
 Yes, I do.  I wondered when they would stop their lifetime refund guarantee.  People nowadays are just plain crooked.
 I guess it uses data from peoples phones to calculate traffic, that's pretty unsettling
 What do you think animal hair is? That's why I find wearing actual animal fur so disgusting. I wouldn't wear the skin and hair of another human. Why would I want to wear the skin of an animal?
 Good afternoon, I try to avoid the political shenanigans.  It's just one shyster trying to get something over on the other guy, all the time.  
 Yeah I did know that, thats actually a bit disgusting, watching them eat prey
 That is why I'm interested in why the scientists are even interested in pursuing this. I think that people would just feel better spending time on Earth than risking everything on something so ludicris?
 Yea, Vector sounds creepy to me, nudging people's hands for attention
 But sometimes, a mission fails because of a stupid error like using the metric system and imperial system on the same project. 
 I think the planet earth is very resiliant to us but it will only take so much damage to start a bad event for the human race.
 I honestly don't know much about the country, or him. I'm still marveling that trump met with him.
 Or Matthew Bellamy from Muse destroying so many guitars.  Sad, he should donate them to a good cause.  That's been done, move on...
 I agree.  He actually owns the Guinness world record for most guitars smashed!  Not ideal!
 I agree.  Do something unique at least.  I think the Who did that, Hendrix set one on fire... Old news.  
 Ahhh... forget that!  As far as I know, the UN didn't help the US get to the moon.  Grrr... don't get started on the subject of the UN, trying to watch my blood pressure!  :)  Speaking of moons, did you know Phobos (Mars' moon) is one third hollow?  
 I have heard that she makes over $100k per episode. It seems over-the-top to me.
 I can't even imagine a concert being so bad you get sued by the people there. It must have been very bad. That's got to be a sign that maybe you should find something else. 
 "Reality show" is a good description for Bezos's search for a new headquarters location. LOL.
 I can't believe all those cities were competing to see who could give him the biggest corporate welfare deals, just so he could fill most of those "new jobs" with people brought in from outside -- and probably drive up rents more than enough to make up for any new revenue.
 Yep. And unfortunately they're setting the pace for how labor is treated. The conditions in their warehouses will probably be copied in a lot of other service industries if somebody doesn't do something.
 hahahahaha, you remember perfectly! I would have liked to see the witches singing  "It's bonny, happy, chirpy, fun!"
 I guess that's how he got the name "ultrarunner." It's kinda gross, but one of his secrets was urinating while running rather than stopping at the portable toilets
 That was one part of running I could never do, I didnt want the urine soaked shoes.  Plus it just sounds gross.
 I guess so. It must be addicting too. Urinating while running though, Gross!
 It's a shame that 34% of the black male population have permanently  lost the right to vote
 It's a shame that a Nixon or Bush has been on each winning Republican ticket since 1928
 I would vote for a dog in certain situations... 
 No. I genuinely think paparazzi are jerks
 Government the world over is just strange in my opinion. Politicians are less concerned with the people they represent and more with their own agendas. The balance is being lost. 
 I think back then tech had a lot to do with it. I think nowdays though tech is compromising the moral fiber of the nation. People have instant access to all their vices and unlimited access as well. 
 I love that they had access to the fact their own government was conspiring against them. Shows how far our government has fallen. 
 I don't know I'd imagine it would be similar to how companies intrude on the babysitter's data despite facebook banning it
 I don't know, sounds like a very mean spirited promotion that Burger King was pulling
 That actually sounds a lot like what they did to sex workers in London in the 18th century. Charged them for their clothes, their rooms, everything, so they always had a debt to pay back and were never free
 It is sad but environmentalists sometimes are loony.  Like Apple voiding the warranty of their computers for smoking near it because they think it makes it a biohazard. 
 Yes, it does have to do with felony laws.  After emancipation, southern states set out on a purposeful campaign to reenslave black people using all sorts of new laws that put them in jail and put them to work.  a heinous system in this country.   Totally racist.
 I agree. I was always encouraged to vote. However, i do think that Tina Fey was unfair saying that white college educated women turned the election and now "want to go back to watching HGTV"
 I agree that was a comment that was only intended to incite people not bring about any actual rational discussion. 
 So true. How can we not participate in something so important to our country's future? There are people the world over dying because they want the same rights we have and a third of Americans are just ignoring that right. 
 That is quite interesting. I think we have turned voting into a spectacle instead of the serious thing it is supposed to be. I mean renaming a garbage dump seems like a silly ballot to have. 
 It has become a popularity constest almost. I think the advent of social media is making society focus less on the politics and more on the feelings which isn't the way to run a country. 
 Same here.  I am amazed at the statistics of voter turnout, however, with it stating that we haven't seen more than 2/3 of the population vote in over 100 years.  More and more people are frustrated with the current state of affairs and it seems like the election doesn't change anything.
 I didn't. I'm not a fan of her. She doesn't seem like she follows the rules and just sort of goes with how she feels and if the people annoy her to make a ruling. 
 No I don't think so either. He's a man who has been fed a certin retorhic all his life and now passes that on to his people. I think we are wise to be wary but that doesn't mean we won't have to deal with him eventually. I think one of the smart things the president has done is have a meeting with him. 
 The fact that a satire group risked imprisionment to impersonate some of Apec says to me that people see these as nothing but a big joke or a chance to steal information. 
 Honestly they seem like large children trying to all get their way with temper tantrums and foot stomping. 
 Exactly! I thnk the media has fueled this as well especially with inflammatory reports like the ones with Rodman, Trump and Kim. 
 That is almost unbelievable. 
 Yuck lol. That move would have been horrible I think. I just cant picture that lol. 
 I wouldn't have even seen it lol. That would have gone on to ruin the avengers movies lol .
 Not angry, winter with it;s cold and snow is just apart of our lives for a third of the year. It must have been like playing with children for those Olympic players. Things have changed and more countries have grown to love and respect the sport.
 We make your American and Japanese cars using steel. Most of Canada is along the southern boarder with small hardy communities in the north much like in Alaska.
 I should. I am so ignorant about the world. I have not traveled. 
 That is awesome though. I think we would be much better served in the US if we had few lawyers in power and more people of science and education. 
 I've got to make a list.  We cut away on a lot, but it's that extra credit card debt that looms large.
 It seems that with Apple, there are too many strings attached forcing you to use their stuff.  
 I never liked that the iPhone didn't have a user-replaceable battery. That and there are so many strings attached with Apple -- they make you buy their stuff.
 What about the balloon industry?  Oh the horror.  Since my political awareness, the sky has been falling down for one reason or another.  Sick of lies from the media.  It's funny that the UN has an official ambassador for ETs.
 I sympathized with Ms. Smith
 Yeah, that could be. It's hard to believe that in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 It's sad that our world is coming to this, teenagers killing each other over $250 sneakers!
 That's exactly what I am talking about , that's just way too much decadence! 
 Ah. And then married Kanye. Good for her, I guess.
 Not at all, she only famous for a tape she made with Ray J, in my opinion.
 Are either of your favorite books "To Kill a Mockingbird" or "Huckleberry Finn"? Those are ones that come up often.  
 I hate that video too...I might make a parody of it instead.
 I don't hear about it often! How about you?
 I may move there and try it out next time! Hopefully they don't block poll observers like was done in 2012
 to get anything done on guns you will need three branches controlled by Democrats
 Too much money involved
 Wow!  I didn't realize that.  Hard to believe, but we have been pretty destructive to the wild tiger population over the years!
 
 Snitches get killed terribly, so I unless he isnt afraid, he committed a lot of crimes, he is a smart man though,
 Box Office ticket prices are ridiculous these days
 I'm hoping super tech because honestly if they made a super villian by dunking him in some radioactive ketchup or something that issue deserved to flop and never be known by most of the public. 
 Yes. Deforestation is a tragedy. Corporate greed is ruining this beautiful planet.
 Talk about adding insult to injury. Poor Earth.......
 Yes like at least Justin Beiber can sing.
 It is crazy how they all became famous because her dad defended a criminal.
 They are down to two shops in the world. Businesses like to cling to the old model of doing things. 
 I would have to say Fiction.  I can not believe a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic in the 1950s!
 It was suggested by the judge because the comic featured a black character.  Awful!
 Did you see that a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic in the 1950s?
 lol, id avoid that weird living biohazrd too. 
 I'd agree with that. Fashion shoes are also too expensive. Some high fashion shoes can sell for thousands of dollars a pair. 
 The sun has helium. Maybe we could outsource supply to people living on the sun. I'm not sure about their racial policies though. The sun is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering
 It's disgusting how much of earth's forests have been destroyed. I  read recently that reforestation and rewilding could absorb decades worth of CO2.
 I use Google... I may not in the future.  I don't like their politics and how they censor people they don't agree with like conservatives.  Thanks for the chat! You were excellent!
 I wonder too. But then I remember that there are some people with really sick mental issues. Some things we can't understand. Doesn't excuse the behavior though.
 Yes culture does deem normal. It is weird you would think a dolphin would be a pet but not a shark. It only make the sharks want to come more around the swimming area. Sad.
 I don't miss that much, especially the late fees. 
 Yes that's true and they made some women go with no top and just purple paint on their breasts. It definitely seems unrealistically sexual and exploitative.
 Giving the gov't any control over the internet is beyond stupid.  I think it's cool that Busta Rhymes did the voice of the Reptar Wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie. 
 Yea, it's pretty ridiculous it suggested a person reply "Awesome" when reading an email about a ill friend
 I've never heard of Trojan Wars but if it's ever in a theater near me I'll add on to the $309
 True, but the hockey sticks can be used as weapons.
 Yep, and they must have been very shocked when they were beat by Native Americans. I sure hope they learned their lesson from that.
 I have heard of her, but I am not really a country music fan. I'm of the group that considers it bad music.
 I don't know. I still cannot believe that Myspace didn't buy Facebook when it had the chance.
 Don't check. They do and they are the worst. My daughter is listening to some girl name jojo right now and she maybe the worst rapper in the history of the internet. THE WORST!
 Well, I suppose americans do have an over-interest in fashion.  Even real fashion is outlandish, like anything at a paris fashion show.
 At that point, with so much money spent on clothes, I'd suspect money laundering.  Did he buy a nice suit with something really special in all the pockets?  It's shady.
 I'd like to think 0, the government should be able to compromise and avoid that stuff, at least there hasn't been 3 shutdowns in one year since 1977
 5.7 billion is a lot of money, but not when you compare it to how much the federal government takes in and spends.  We're probably spending 5 billion on less important things too.
 Yes.  He is in jail now.  He used to work for Trump.  He was known for wearing all kinds of leather jackets.  He spent over a million dollars on his jackets.
 I did not know about it.  I do not care much about wiki and the founder.  It is okay to leak documents but they are somewhat biased (my opinion only).  Anyway, do you know that the US government has 17 shutdowns in the last 37 years?
 I agree.  It seems like country music, which I am not a fan of, gets more top 40 play today than hard rock.
 It's weird to me when bands like Bon Jovi or Def Leppard have released country songs or albums. 
 Well, I think they had a duet with Tim McGraw.  I guess the way I feel about country music is the more it sounds like something else, the more I like it.  So if it's a little more rock or blues or maybe even pop, and a lot less country.
 But he also drummed on cardboard boxes and beat rolled-up newspapers against the studio walls in place of snare drums.“I’d just grab whatever was in the studio and try to get a groove going
 It's despicable, but unfortunately I can believe it. Some people are so willing to believe in conspiracies that support their politics that they decide to disregard basic human decency. He claimed that there's a YouTube video that's proof!
 Yeah, it definitely is a good thing, did you know Wonder Woman was made as the secretary of the group, kind of sexist.
 I've been there, it's not cool in my opinion, you have to take a horse everywhere and I'm allergic to horses so it was horrible for me LOL
 I'm not surprised they would have such a hole in their storyline, given that they have such low rotten tomatoes scores of 15% and 32%.
 Ive heard that it is a tradition to eat shark fin at celebrations in parts of Asia.This has had an effect on shark populations.
 I agree it isnt the healthiest fish to consume.Sharks are amazing creatures.They actually evolved before dinosaurs or trees
 Im from Illinois and it feels like that's what we pay sometimes. Such a pain.
 Sad and dangerous to everything living on the Earth. The Earth being helium free sounds alarming too.
 Sigh. What a strange world we live in. Speaking of which. Jack Black as the star of Green Lantern now that's a laugh. 
 I hate that! I'm from the south and hate fake southern accents more than I hate our regular accents. 
 In some other countries around the world, they wold have lost their heads by now. I know that it is not possible here but it is what should actually happen in a better world where treasonous agents are punished for the troubles they foment.
 I think her time has passed, but the Democrats have really no clear front runner out of their pack out there now.
 Yeah, they can't do worse than Rep. David Albo who seems to think he needs a boombox to make a point.
 I did not know that, but I am not surprised.  After all, she was the youngest artist to sign on with Sony/ATV Music.  It must be nice to grow up in a wealthy family who moved from Pennsylvania to Nashville TN when Taylor was 14 so she could pursue her music career. 
 Yeah I agree. And everyone has an opinion they're just dying to express.  I feel like this happens more in football than in other sports, like baseball and tennis. 
 Amazon Prime Video is just not worth the money to me
 Apparently Daisy Ridley as Rey had a feminist agenda. If you don't like a movie just don't go to it.
 It does sound horrible, both are extremely unhealthy and combining them creates a time bomb, disgusting
 lol, yes! Do you watch U Tube?
 Exactly!  I do not like people being in my business.  I mean, even Ivey League schools are working with Facebook now.
 It's surreal.  Burger King had that promotion where you unfriend 10 people and get a free Whooper.  Who does that to their friends for a cheap, overcooked burger?
 Everyone has their tastes. Plus you can always add them back! I think the real disappointment was when MySpace turned down the offer to buy facebook. 
 I know it has to do with their religious beliefs but by inciting hate "you reap what you sow" 
 Yes, like the baker in CO who refused to bake the same sex wedding cake.
 ... yeah, that is part of what they do in digestion.  The author of what I read seems really pessimistic, almost as if he/she hates scientific research. 
 Well it's natural for species to die off but not as fast as the current rate. it's a shame humans have destroyed so much like 80% of natural forests
 I don't blame them for that. I wouldn't even go into someone's house who smokes in the house. It's disgusting.
 I think they are more focused on making money, they involve the toy industry before the film production. 
 I agree with that.  What do you think of Facebook?
 Yes, thank you. I am well. I really like golf, but I think some courses waste way too much water in a day.
 Yes! I can not believe daily it requires 4,000,000 gallons! What a waste.
 Me too, my golf game sucks.Lol
 I never did understand why they have to destroy guitars. 
 So probably not the best idea, who know what that odd fish eats
 It is a start which is better than nothing. I would hope that things will start to change. People like Harvey Weinstein have preyed on women in many places not just in hollywood and it is long past the time for it to stop. 
 I find that I always enjoy the movies that the critics hated. I find critic reviews something I view with skepticism because they can be so pretentious. 
 Yeah, and I'm sure he got nothing in return, LOL. The whole idea that government should have to finance deficit spending by borrowing money at interest is just insane to me.
 I also see Wikileaks is back in the news for exposing government crimes.
 I haven't heard of it before. Articles like this really bother me. They are clearly trying to drum up sympathy for Angilau, but when he has attempted to murder people multiple times and clearly showed no signs of remorse or renouncing of his criminal behavior. What do you think?
 I live in a small town. Maybe they are having a hard time getting good mailmen here. They post that no one was here to open the door for them but that's not true. They don't even drive down my road.
 Stephen also knows when to refuse. Nike deserved being rejected by such a god for marketing such blatant advertising!
 Like Stephen Curry is underrated. He is the star of the Golden Gate Warriors!
 Wow.  That would make me want to walk away too.  Shows how little they really cared.
 Yep, although air jordans were actually banned upon the introduction to the NBA.
 I agree, he probably is. I found it funny that Nike's pitch to Steph Curry included a slide with Kevin Durant's name on it.
 Agreed. Speaking of Steph Curry, he only had the 4th highest salary on his team even though he was the star player and won mvp! Talk about unfair
 Nike deserved the NBA ban. They're so lazy as to not edit their presentation.
 I agree. It also comes to justify that Stephen Curry has one of the best salaries out there.
 I also wish he deserves more, since he is the Golden Gate Warriors' star player. He is underrated at this point.
 Not all of those would be worthy of uploading though. My kids watch some weird stuff on youtube kids...
 That seems a little strange to do.  I get he was an amazing man and artist but making a shrine seems creepy. 
 To me, there are two.  Really bad  poetry and a totally worn out backbeat.  Not a fan really... Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist?
 I would have thought he would be disbarred just out of lack of professionalism.  
 No not here but there is a lot of toll in Chicago. It cost as much as Japan almost
 Oh, I've heard of it then. It's actually called something with a swear word as the last four letters, so they probably censored that part.
 I vaguely recall that. I do know that pretty much all the TV networks are owned by a handful of big corporations. NBC is owned by GE, which is why MSNBC doesn't cover a lot of negative nuclear power stories.
 I guess it's a status symbol. I think people should leave wild animals in the wild.
 I am not sure.  Sometimes I think this drama and putting your life out on social media is to drive sales.  But sometimes I think they are just spoiled; like Nikki lashing out for a no. 2 debut of her "Queen" album on Billboard 200
 I am a Baby Boomer, so I remember vinyl albums and ranking based on radio airtime.  Now streaming media dominates.  Apparently  she has a beef with Spotify, think Spotify was punishing for releasing the album first on Apple Music.
 She's also mad for Kylie / Travis Scott using their baby Stormi as a pawn in this dispute.  Supposedly Stormi is "ready for tour".  How ridiculous!!!
 I don't really follow her that much. Her music is pretty good, but I don't like her image.
 Yes. I was reading about her tour and delay in getting her latest album out.
 Yes, I don't like that industry, especially with the Kardashians and their group.
 I am surprised at that, too. I don't really care for Linkin Park, either. They are a little too edgy for me. It's like the same chords at the same level of loud all the time.
 I like some rap, but I am definitely not a fan of Tupac. I think he has been glorified by the rap community.
 No. I don't like it. My spouse's family members act like that.
 Yes, I think people need to be held more accountable for their behavior not be allowed to make so many excuses for their actions. It isn't okay to harass people.
 More proof... Did you realize that 40% of Americans think that humans and dinos lived at the same time?
 I can believe it, they aren't comfortable either.  Can you believe that all of Japan's tolls add up to more than $300 when crossing the country.
 Well, seems like everyone sues these days for whatever they can think of!
 Then i wonder if two live crew and the beasty boys are in there?
 Yeah I heard they had a terrible concert back in 2002, I do like their music but the band ended up losing a lot of fans. 
 As long as it doesn't eventually get buried on social media under more op-ed pieces about yoga pants and how women need to wear something more "appropriate".
 Well I would hope the performance wouldn't be so bad I would need them! But I also think there are some unfair stereotypes. That is one thing that is difficult with comedy though because what may be funny to one person is out of line to another!
 Maybe not for pigeons, though, since they always overrun areas and spread diseases!  
 Bad year huh?  Sorry.  I guess she likes to do anti-men stuff.  I'm getting kind of tired of that... Oh well, I guess men give them plenty of ammo. 
 Some people think it might have been a Kobe fan that did it, thinking only he deserves to be called "King".  I say opinions are fine, but defacing public (or private) property is never good!
 I can't believe LeBron James rejected a 10 million dollar offer from Reebok when he was 18. 
 I guess he really like Nikes. I think it's all a little ridiculous.
 Thats terrible. Hopefully Canada treated him better.
 Not clear to me either. I would have liked to have seen the image that is discussed in the article. Would you say that Musk is adversarial? He took a stand against that man who helped the miners and wouldn't let it go.
 He's definitely not your typical CEO. I just looked up that unicorn image on Google and it is really fairly cartoonish. I'm happy that Mr. Edwards made money on his mugs but really don't think that is enough.
 Yeah.... Also, I found it interesting that an artist needs to license an image (like copyrighting) to ensure it isn't used by someone else. I had no idea...
 Everyone's political these days, while ironically, knowing very little about politics.
 Love dogs as well. Love them enough not to dress them up in tailored clothing.
 It seems like since he married into the kardashians he is changing a lot of his views on things. 
 Yeah I think bubble gum pop pretty much sums up her popularity. I just can't get behind people who are popular for being popular. At least Kanye has real talent. 
 I'm in that group myself. IMO terms of service shouldn't even be considered legally binding when they're boilerplate that the writers know nobody will read.
 I do use the internet for research, but I am not big into social media.  Therefore, I tend to hear about these things in hindsight.  But, it is either scary the risks they will take or a sign of a lack of smarts!
 A waste of time, energy, but I think most of all, a waste of passion.  There are so many things you could be enraged about, reading about them on the internet, and your kids are so much more important, for example.
 Really?
 They aren't sure how many will be surveyed yet
 I think so. I think it's ludicrous that there isn't a check in place for inappropriate videos, they only have you check a box confirming you are 18, if you want to watch inappropriate videos.
 Yes, they most certainly do. Facebook has a huge problem with that too. It's weird that Iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution.
 I heard in a German state it's illegal to even "like" anything on Facebook!
 Does anyone even like anything about Facebook? I going to just unfriend everyone and head over to BK's for a free whopper.
 I don't get it at all.  But I know there are men out there who think guns are just the best thing ever.  They can identify the models and the add ons just by looking at a picture.  Seems very weird to me.  
 Yeah, a Russian at that.  Of course WaPo would make it a political thing (e.g., feminists nonsense).  So sick of American being so nasty and political.  
 Seems a little unnecessary doesn't it. We could just get along, would that be so hard?
 Idk how long he worked for it but Vader is one of the most iconic characters in the franchise.  And since it holds the record for most successful film merchandising franchise i would have expected him to make more money.
 nah!  cant stand facebook and mark zuckerburg
 Yeah, he raised 6 million for charity by televising the decision. 
 I think that had more to do with Michael Jordan, than anything else. He thinks he is MJII. That 90 million from Nike turned into a lifetime contract
 I do follow the Cavs and think they are terrible this season. You'cd think they learn from the first time LeBron left them and plan better.
 I also can't believe he played shows for Hillary.
 I like him but that seems like a lot for just 1 episode.  Just seems like an insane amount of money when there are so many people who don't get to eat everyday.  I like that Michael Caine became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class.  He seems like that type of sauve, confident guy.
 Yes. I don't know how some TV series have not gone to the theater. Some actors, Tom Hanks in particular, earn a ton. His lifetime earnings are over 8.5 billion.
 That is crazy, that speaks a lot about the brand, did you know how Reed Hastings got inspired to start Netflix?
 Have you looked at the sun, I mean, *really* looked at it? The sun is actually white, only it looks yellow because of so-called atmospheric scattering I think there is something fishy going on there. 
 Or something like Herod's daughter's dance, which I think would be one to miss!  
 Obviously a lot about pants or trousers I just don't know!  I do know one thing: don't mess up a DC judges pants as a dry cleaner.  Apparently one sued for over $67 million based on his pants being lost.  Unless the pants had $67 million inside of them, that seems really excessive!
 I am in Nebraska where we need to have a full compliment of long and short pants.  It's cold right now!  I will say that I don't care for "saggy pants" -- is it impossible to just buy a pair that fits and wear it right?
 What is with these ridiculous challenges that people do?
 I think the advent of social media and the desire to be cool is part of this. I don't think these challenges would go anywhere if it weren't for platforms like youtube. 
 I think the media is to blame too. There isn't a ton of videos about the condom challenge but yet the media plays it up like is the thing ALL the kids are doing. 
 So true. I think the internet has been a wonderful tool but it has fed people's narcissistic qualities at the same time. 
 It is causing levels of unprecedented addiction. Not just to computers either because now people have constant access to their vices no matter what they are. 
 I think there is a moral resurgance that is directly related to less internet use. I could do without the constant streaming of pop music today. 
 So true. People are so focused on trivial stuff that the real issues of the day seem like no big deal to them. When someone has to make a law about the life of a born baby, I feel we are in a horrible society. 
 im glad I got to learn more about Jay-z
 What is of real concern is the invasion of the "bots".  Did you know that there are more automated software programs (bots) on the internet than people.  So was that Reddit vote real or fake?
 That song was terrible, but it still wasn't even half as hated as Justin Bieber's "Baby" on YouTube. I don't even think I can see the likes on the dislike bar anymore. 
 Actually, yes. That's when most of my packages arrive. I hear their warehouse workers walk between 7-15 miles per shift. That's insane.
 California, where else?
 From what I've read, it seems that they do fight.  Gosh, I would be so creeped out if I found this.  I completely hate snakes!
 Ugh.  Just sounds like something out of a horror movie! I'm sure Stephen King could use that as fodder.
 Yeah.  It's also hard to believe that Netflix has 150 movies available with a 100% rating. C'mon, nothing is 100%.  I wonder what Netflix paid for those endorsements?
 Google is probably a big fan of you too. 
 I think I would probably like the new type of rap invented by Korean rappers.  It's called "Compliment Battle".  I dislike the type we have in the US - full of insults and bad words.
 Maybe the US should try it.  The two party thing isn't working too well. Nevada has it right with a "None of the Candidates" choice.
 The Constitution wasn't framed in a way to handle political parties. I'm not sure what the way forward should be.
 I think parties divide the nation and people work more for their idiot parties and ignore the nation as a whole.  
 Well that's really good information.  I have hiked on BLM land in Colorado and, yes, it was mainly ranchers.  Well, I've been trying to read this article about Trump and gov't shutdowns.  I'm sooooo sick of this stuff.  Think what you want of Trump, I don't think he is being treated fairly by media,
 There's got to be a better way about funding the government, period, so the whole prospect of shutdowns doesn't happen. I think that literally didn't happen until Newt Gingrich was Speaker of the House in the 1990s, and it really cost him his political career. Shutdowns hurt the economy, hurt families, just for political theatre.
 So you know Newt, after all. Yeah--I'm kinda sick of how these failed politicians keep getting jobs as talking heads and making a lot of money on the lecture circuity. I call it failing upwards.
 Whoever thought they were the only "moral" ones must have been worried that other people would learn and start thinking critically for themselves, maybe even coming up with their own morals.
 Hopefully some way that congress can represent the people fairly.  
 There is also a store in Alabama that sells items found in unclaimed baggage. Are they even allowed to do that?
 Possibly. There are three subway lines exclusively used by congressmen. That is way too many for a select few individuals. 
 Probably Chris Brown but I wont look anything about him up. The whole hitting a woman thing...
 Some guys just don't know how to deal with conflict. He probably should have sued her for $67 million. That would have been easier.
 Wow, that's pretty messed up trying to ban a comic just because a character is black
 It seems like many of the animals on earth are insects. That kind of creeps me out.
 I've never read that one. Another one I have a hard time getting into is anything by George RR Martin. 
 Yep all of the interpersonal smutty stuff could have been trimmed out. I guess he has been writing since childhood though and people have always bought the stories. 
 But, celebrities tend to think they can get away with everything. I know Bill Cosbly probably thougt he would, and tried to act like it was the victim's fault.
 yes, as if they cry rape because Cosby couldn't make them stars.
 Im actually really dissapointed, he used to be a role model to many and then using his fame and power to do all the things he did, just sad and disgusting
 Maybe a lot of them do it for the money but still its disgusting, he let a lot of people down, hard to picture Cosby as a sexual predator though
 Im guessing shes one of the first ones, this happend in 2004 , many woman accuse Cosby of being a serial sexual assaulter, I didnt know that was a term 
 lol. I'm a Hell on Wheels fan. I think I googled why no one was wearing cowboy hats once. I still can't believe that they passed a law, limiting the length of hatpins.
 Oh, that is sad. But they should have chosen their politician with a lottery, like Venice, it could not have been worse. 
 Yeah, they do get paid a lot... so in reality... you made a choice to play in that league and knew what the sacrifices were... so shut up and play!  LOL
 Yeah i am sure!  We don't care if we lose or win as long as my ego is in tact!
 You would never believe it, hearing how disrespectful many of them speak
 It seems kind of random I agree, but anyway do you like horror films?
 So the fans feel ignored by those in charge. However these decisions are a crap shoot. Sometimes they do workout though.
 I completely agree with you. It's very hard to believe he was the highest paid actor ever for that show, 700,000 an episode.  That's frustrating to hear!
 I think it's very strange, I wonder why it's like that!
 It is... 
 Yeah I'm sorry but that is never been okay. I don't care what some pundit off tv says was okay in her childhood. 
 I honestly can't believe she was hired on the today show. Doesn't really seem like a good fit in the first place. 
 So true. Not liek the today show is known for their good choices. Look at the whole matt lauer debacle. 
 Stuff like that doesn't make for sensational news and that's all the they are concerned with is the ratings and padding their pockets in the network. 
 It's about entertainment and telling you how you should feel about it. Telling you what it "means". Instead of just giving you the facts and maybe you can make up your own mind. 
 When the news plays out like a drama rather than a facet for information I think we are in trouble. 
 I'll stick with real dramas in the real theater. It is better for my blood pressure than the drivel these "journalists" present on tv. 
 It is all about feelings now. I remember a time when acting with feelings was a thing for the stage not the news desk. 
 The village people would be a hate crime and people would burn MP3 players. lol.  Thin skin is certainly a problem. 
 Yeah. Now he;s in charge of the US Govt...which owns 86% pf the land in NV. We got a guy who managed to bankrupt a casino in charge of a lot of real estate.
 Well, he's going to shut down the govt agains anyways. It almost like he's working for the enemy, like Wikileaks.
 Once he figures out how to use the Floppy Disk system in his office, I'm sure he might
 Are you a fan of Seth MacFarlane.  I agree that one should believe the opposite of what one hears on the big news stations. 
 Yea, I don't think knowledge should be denied from anyone. Messed up NJ attempted to ban the "The New Jim Crow" book
 Ariana is sure a controversial person, she was caught licking the donut display at a donut store once, yuuuk!
 There are probably racist undertones to this move. After all, only 2 blacks are in the country hall of fame.
 Exactly. If Unicef cared about children, they would just give them clean water and not link it to lack of cell phone use.
 She would get luxury items like handbags and post about them on instagram. She would get like $100K in xmas presents. I was not so much jealous as disgusted. It was surprising to me (My disgust).
 That's really not fair, because the NBA was basically sending a message that you can get away with cheating if you pay enough money to do so.
 I'm glad that they aren't just continuting to give awards to predators though. 
 Interesting, though it seems like the Golden State Warriors are still the team to beat.
 I'm glad they have ended the high school recruiting. The prices at some of LeBron's games at STVM were unreal. $120 for a high school game.
 Something like that. It made it hard for the kids to go to their own school's games. But, he is the greatest player of all times.
 The Bulls are so so. The Golden State Warriors is quite a team. Hard to believe they earned about $12 million by losing game 4 of the NBA finals one year.
 I agree that and narcissist and self important idiots praising each other.  I didn't realise Kobe Bryant got an Oscar for a short film.  Do you have to be a perv to get an Oscar?
 Yeah, they certainly have hypocrisy down pat. I don't know much about Oldman. I thought "Darkest Hour" was well-acted but moved really slow.  
 Yes, it was great but no PC for sure.  This PC crap is nothing but Orwell's 1984 coming true. Ever noticed that it's the PC types in Hollywood that get the most charges for sexual harassment? Like Ruan Seacrest?
 I was never a Allen Iverson fan. I hate that Reebok gave hime a lifetime contract.
 It's hard these days to know if what you are reading is true or not!!!  I really don't believe half of what I read when it is so easy for the media to put out misinformation!
 It's so frustrating.  It is more costly to look something up and investigate than to simply make something up!!!!
 Yeah, the technology these days can be dangerous. Creating fake videos is easy, and the worst part is that people believe it!
 HAAAAA!  Isn't that something??? She is pretty good, but THAT much money?  Celebrities make too much money in my opinion.
 Yes, I knew that.  Huge fan of hers. I know she was getting a lot of really nasty messages after her fall with the dogs. I don't get people sometimes.
 Being the only astronomical object that harbors life you would think we would be more careful with our planet.
 You know, I watched a few eps of that and never really got the appeal of that show.  Or Friends for that matter... maybe I just wasn't in the right demographic, I don't know.  
 That's true. I do end up there sometimes as well for one thing or another. And yes, I don't understand how people can spend hours there arguing.
 I cannot either.  I do not understand why and how people can stay up all night watching some random TV show. 
 Thats disgusting im never having red coloring again, yuck
 I want to go to a Dog Cafe! I don't want to go to a cat cafe haha. I also don't want to go to an insect Cafe, I think insects are gross
 Taste buds are on the tongue, buddy, not the neck. That is an interesting fact though. Are you jealous of their nice long necks? Do you secretly wish you had one too or something. I have one and let me tell you, they're just OK. You're really not missing much. I wish I was there to help you though. How miserable it must be to be swimming amongst sewage. At least you have that iPhone with you though. I wonder if Siri could tap into some radio frequency to help you contact someone a little closer to come help you. You know, soldiers used to make their own radios out of common household supplies 
 That seems nice unless you know that he also broke the jaw of 2 teammates in fights.
 County music sometimes comes at the expense of others. There are only 2 Af Am in the country music HOF
 To be honest I got Starbucks with my friend, and the person making it was like sniffling a lot. I thought about asking to cancel my order but I didn't. Anyway two days late I was so sick I couldn't move. But I don't have 100% proof it was that, but thats the only obviously sick person I was in contact with.
 Yup, me too.  It is sad that they have been mistreated by airlines when they have been therapy dogs.  Airlines stuffing them in overhead bins like United did leading to a dog's death was terrible to hear.
 I have, it is very annoying!
 Crazy to think how we have come in terms of celebrity. It used to be sports stars and actors now it is youtubers and influencers that take the spotlight. 
 Hmm That is just nuts. Her show is so cringy to watch. There is like no real court procedure there just a bunch of people looking for their 15 minutes of fame. 
 Who knows. I would watch that everyday though if the choice was between that and some of those youtubers like Jenna Marbles. 
 She is this youtuber who thinks she is a comedian. So overrated but it doesn't stop her from bringing in almost 350K a year on that stuff. 
 Yeah I think she is really sponsered but so grating on the nerves. I can't stand to watch her stuff at all. Nice chatting with you too. 
 Yeah. But right now we are not playing very well.
 That is a little too much I think.  I am all for testing it out, but then again, the company doesn't seem concerned with it.
 I'm not even sure, I can't tolerate award shows, they are so boring to me. 
 Starship Troopers is about the last thing I want future military commanders reading, LOL.
 They should of accepted the deal. 
 I don't agree with that decision at all
 Who knows. That show is my least favorite form of comedy I have ever seen. Actually I don't even think it should be considered comedy.
 Yeah when you name kung fu hustle as the supreme acheivement in comedy, I'm going to question your judgement a little bit. 
 I didn't know that, interesting. The director used artists who would be more likely to quit or be fired from pixar. Isn't that kind of insulting in a way?
 Just the basic ones for nintendo. We didn't really have a ton of games because they were expensive. Nothing like the discontinued consoles but still pricey. 
 Honestly though with comedy central they have all those parody and political satire so they sort of blend together after a while. 
 Disney hasn't really done that lately. I think they are focused on building their entertainment empire even more. 
 I really wish they would go back to being serious movies with some comedy sprinkled in. They are trying to hard to be funny and add in almost political satire. It doesn't make for a good movie. 
 If I wanted funny I would just watch reruns of 3rd rock or friends. Star wars is supposed to be the story of the skywalkers. 
 I can see them beating seinfeld and frasier though. I never really understood why those were funny. They always seemed to be trying to hard to be some form of higher comedy. 
 Probably. I think those directors get huge egos sometimes. It would do them all good if they had a few missteps to keep them humble. 
 They seem ready to pull the trigger there. The Green Lantern film was supposed to be a comedy with Jack Black originally. Might have been better if they stuck to that.
 I did and I didn't like it
 ha that is crazy, I think it's silly that a judge in Michigan gave her ruling like a rap when the case was against eminem
 Ya I need to look that up too, I usually listen to Youtube instead of the radio though
 I've heard good things I'll have to check it out. It's weird that Jim Carrey gave up on comedies for a while to do dramas, and now he says he won't do dramas anymore, it's kind like OH WELL. I heard he had some health issues.
 How are you? Did you know that Ralph Lawrence Carr was the only governor to oppose internment of Japanese Americans? What a shame
 Yea, and making a comment about his turban, very disrespectful and uncalled for
 Yea thats despicable. Did you know Arnold Schwarzenegger commuted by private jet when he was governor?
 well they tried to suppress votes this election so it doesn't surprise me at all; some things dont change
 He should be a role model instead of seeking personal celebrity with his tantrums.
 I think professional athletes get paid way too much, but that's just my opinion
 I have not heard about any charity work from Lebron.I agree he should do something worth while with his millions.
 I agree with you.Its society that puts these people in their positions anyways.
 Yeah, they are the cheapest and the most efficient, and since Jeff Bezos is also the richest, somebody has to pay and it is the worker. 
 LOL I guess we know where Bezos fits into that scheme.
 I have heard a little about them. It's messed up how people treat each other these days.
 I know, its a 67 million law suit over a pair of pants, seems excesive to me.
 Yea, they are a bit too loud for my liking too.  Three audience members once fell unconscious during a Deep Purple concert as they broke the record for world's loudest concert!  That is awful!!
 Nah! The government would shut down like they have 17 times before.  dating back 37 years. Congress would still get paid though!
 Its idiotic! People not being charged for crime that should be punished for a lifetime!
 It is sad to me that we can't even get past 63% for voter turnout. 
 Yes! We need more publicity to sites that highlight the issues in a neutral way. The fact that the taller candidate has won 75% of the time tells me that people no longer vote the issues they vote their feelings. 
 LOL! It's become a modeling show where you pick the most picturesque.
 That is exactly what it has become. I think term limits should be applied and basic intelligence tests given for all candidates.
 Exactly. It's just like the assault in the first article. The author decided to kiss the woman, and because the author is popular, and the woman is a grad student, she withheld the assault for 5 years. It's unacceptable.
 Oooooo... yeah!  That sound is sooooo annoying?
 That is true... i used to use facebook all the time... now... don't use it at all
 I completely agree!  Social engineering... They think we are like the little boy named Danny who was in the movie, the Shining, who did not even know he was acting in a horror film.  They think we cannot see the plot of their horror shows! 
 I wonder where you can buy the shoes Michael Jackson patented for the extreme lean in his dances
 Those flavors sound terrible and really unhealthy, Ice cream is unhealthy already as is
 I heard there is also a ketchup flavored ice cream already, an Irish shop has it in tribute to Ed Sheeran
 There are some weird inventions out there, there is also a breast milk ice cream, thats just disgusting
 Yea, it's unfortunate Henry Ford financed country music due to his fear of jazz
 Wow -- fan policing is really over-the-top sometimes. 
 I do not. I am glad for the guilty verdict against him.
 I kind of agree, he was ruled guilty and a lot of people came to speak out.  I am glad culture is changing where people are punished for sexual misconduct.
 I thought I'd swam into to some seaweed, it was only about a minute later when it started to sting.  That's what I get for travelling to the warm seas.
 I had no opinion on her, but feel somewhat negative towards her after her accusation of another singer using bots to boost ratings.
 Could you imagine though, if you saw someone else's yearbook and it had things written in it that were about you and just terrible? How awful that would be. We don't think of these things as kids.
 Not anymore.  They are too political.  The amount they paid the Obamas for a phony show gagged me.  They also hog N. AMerican bandwidth from 9am-12am - they use 33%.  I will watch their production but I won't give them money.
 I don't know. Bill Nye?  I guess he's a guy that got his break for looking like another guy. 
 Wow, I really hate these shootings.  This Capital Gazette shooting was bad!
 Well, the disparity of proper treatment for females in sports isn't just physical, it's professional, too, in the sense that there's literally one pro spectator sport in the world where women are considered professionally equal to men (tennis).
 Horrible, the shooting in Capital Gazzette...
 True. The waiters seem overly enthusiastic though. I do not want my dinner to be interrupted too much
 I just don't think the people who supported it thought it thru. Now there is a chance their economy could implode if they don't make deals before the exit? Kinda defeats the purpose...
 More proof that they didn't think! Honestly, I can understand wanting economic freedom but have a good contingency in place! Even their secretary of trade has complained.
 Right and getting out of season produce will cost them big. People are always so gung-ho about changing the status-quo, that they often rush change. They would have been better served to have deals in place before they announced the departure.
 The poorest always seem to get the worst in these situations. Oh well, March is less the a month away, so we will soon see what whether the Brits will descend to anarchy or ride it out.
 Yeah, but here we are anyway. I bet Theresa May wishes she wasn't PM, or that PM didn't exist...like it doesn't in Austrailia
 Yeah. Too bad they are all surfing the internet instead.
 I don't use it. Though I am a little disgusted that it takes almost 150K plays per day for an artist to earn minimum wage on that platform.
 I don't like cats much and could never imagine calling them from the road to talk to them!
 Me too, but I would hate to come home to pee stained curtains! Yuck!
 Gross! I appreciate that he rescued most of them. I have a rescue dog.
 Yeah theres a lot we dont know about fish, for instance there is a breed of Jelly Fish that is immortal
 I heard the most awful story about a MS-13 slaying.
 Yeah,They lured the poor girl too. They stalked and lured her to her death. The to video ape I too, gosh.
 Are you familiar with MS-13?  I can't believe someone filmed the slaying of a 15-year-old-girl.
 It's sick - MS-13 is all one needs to realize we need to control our southern border better.   Ms. Romero should never see the light of day again.
 Iraheta didnt even regret for what happened she stabbed Damaris 13 times 
 5000 is pretty much antique  and may smell really bad , may be a truck full of tea bags needed to remove the odor.
 I grew up walking to and from school.  Taking hours at the park, and even being able to ride my bike 30 miles to downtown Denver without any concerns.  Now, I see people online who have called the cops simply because a kid was walking to school alone.
 I think everyone always plans to go back to college but few really go. I think the podcast some guys made of his decisions sensationalized the whole thing. 
 An samsung. I love the expandable memory of androids plus not having to worry about breaks or apple slowing down my phone is nice. 
 It's another one of those social media challenges that kids are doing now.  Apparently it involves a condom going into your nose and out of your mouth.  All this just to get more views on YouTube.  Crazy isn't it?
 Ah, I also loved that back when it came out although I was too old to laugh at it. The song baby now has less dislikes than the 15 million dislikes of the latest youtube rewind
 I always hate Kanye West for how disrespectful he was towards her
 Yeah, it is also hazy and humid. The humidity makes it so uncomfortable.
 They sure do, there's a lot of things they don't teach at school for instance that a lighting bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun.
 Some years are better than other, but definitely way better than the halftime show.  I'm not sure the last time there was a good one of those.
 I can see why. I wouldn't want to have to eat worms or drink urine, either.
 ALso, the fact that Arie still gave Krystal a rose even though she's obviously attention seeking is clearly planned. I think they tell him who to pick, don't you?
 Yuck. I Will I admit that I do enjoy drama. I was pretty sad that Jim carrey won't do drama anymore. I love him!
 Baker Mayfield has always driven me crazy.  He once even considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming since he thought he was so good at Halo 3.
 Yeah I did.  I use it a lot I think it is fantastic,  it has so much more than reviews it has actors history and trivia and know facts and history and all the tv or movies the actor has been on before.  It is really helpful.
 I know! It really puts things in a global and historical perspective. Sexual assault and harassment is now being treated similarly to war and other major events. What do you think of the whole situation?
 I agree. I hate that it's become a partisan issue, people blaming it on the "sensitivity" of liberal democrats. Did you know that the Democratic party is the oldest active political party in the US?
 Oh I'm not sure I guess. There's honestly so much flip-flopping between parties that it's hard to keep track of sometimes. Reagan was originally a democrat, Trump used to be a Democrat... I don't personally understand why it has to be such a big partisan divide. There's so many bipartisan issues, why do we need to divide like this? What do you think?
 I did not know that! And yeah, I think there should be political parties but I think the two party system makes it hard for people not to become less in the middle when there's only two choices. But on some issues like sexual assault I feel like everyone should support the movement
 Hey. . .how about we talk about anything on this list BUT astronaut poop lol?
 I'm not sure of that, but the youtube rewind 2018 has surpassed the "baby" to become the most disliked video
 Sadly, I work there.  And I feel it's embarrassing to be associated with a place that says that you don't own a pet, you are just its guardian.
 wow that is pretty sad when our budget doesn't even let them make a real supercomputer that they had to link almost 1800 PS3s. They are so hackable too. 
 I don't think I would trust it though. I mean if your execs can't manage to not retweet things they shouldn't I dont' put much faith in your company. 
 Yea, I like that the PS3 could also play blu rays like Kung Fu Hustle, hilarious movie, Bill Murray thinks it's a supreme achievement in comedy
 I bet a lot of people are addicted. Click ... WOW  ... Click ... WOW. Too much stimulation. Like a rat in an experiment.
 Yeah, but what will they learn? There is a concerted effort to overwhelm the airwaves with digital pollution, it makes finding the truth ever more difficult.
 Haha, agreed. 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government. I wonder if people living there are mad.
 Well mostly yes, but it could also be because of natural reasons including the 71% of Earth's surface that is covered in water.
 That's better than the US Government. They passed a law in 2006 where government employees couldn't be prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions
 Apparently Trump is using his presidency to increase his personal assets. I think that the president of the United States should not be doing this to benefit themselves.
 I understand the fines but I get frustrated because tech companies don't seem to learn the lessons of another company's breach
 Now anyone over 13 can join! 13 seems pretty young
 She knew her husband was planning an attack in support of ISIS.
 Now she says she wishes she would have informed the police about her husband's plans.  OK, yeah.
 I am not surprised that that led to the creation of netflix, I would also be pretty angry at that.
 I like all of Dr. Seuss's books.  Even though this latest production has great actors, I'm not sure about the adult themes (e.g., LGBTQ, date rape and language). It's a kid thing right?
 Sound like it.  I'm not sure about "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina".  There's an orgy and bad language.
 Job interviews are just awful, I hate them, they make me so nervous!
 funny.  and all Netflix complains about i how they have to pay to peer with ISP's like cable companies and telcos and how unfair they are treated when their services clog up available bandwidth on ISP networks.  
 Yeah, that doesn't appeal to me at all. A lot of movies like that sound like the concept was drummed up over a three-martini lunch by a couple of guys who had their secretaries print out their emails for them to read and dictated the replies
 I live where it's warm so I don't have that problem fortunately. Have you heard about the Milgram experiment? I learned about it in school. They basically led people to believe they were torturing other participants behind a closed door because they were told to by an authoritative figure. How crazy is that? And unethical!
 Not really but then again, I've never seen him do a ballet thing.  I guess his music is in the Library of Congress. 
 I concur.  These are not the best people.
 His excuse was such a joke.  No one will believe that for sure
 Yes that would be a deterrent. Punishments should be harsher to show the judicial system is serious. 
 I know they met in 2018, but wasn't aware of any prank summit invites.  Who knows when it comes to the information North Korea shares.  If you believe them, Kim Jong-un was three years old when he learned to drive!
 The Fyre Festival was a complete fraud.  It is a shame how they duped people and took their money
 No. I don't think he's trustworthy. Kim jong un has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders mao and stalin did.
 I think him ordering the killing of his own family members is as cold as you can get.
 Yes! And Trump decided to meet with him, the first meeting between a US President and North Korean leader. 
 It was uncomfortable to watch Putin give MBS that handshake at the last Summit
 Why nobody has invented something more durable ? 4 a week seems wasteful. 
 ya that does seem fast, I would be annoyed to travel to japan and try to drive on their highways, they are all apparently toll roads
 I'm not a fan of Jay-Z, but they need to do something with that man. Seriously, tweeting a photo of Trayvon Martin's body is in bad taste, no matter who you are.
 Honestly I prefer old school rap. I just feel like nowadays its all about who can be the crudest person in their song. They say some crazy things and its just acceptable.
 It certainly is suprising. I enjoy his music but I do not like him as a person.
 Ok, my daughter loves Hamilton, but never been and i love my daughter... but the price just seems ridiculous!
 My friends were just talking about this too with concert tickets... how the only way to really get them anymore is to buy them aftersale but they cost 4 times more and upwards?
 is it the box office too?  What about places like stub hub and subscriptions?  
 You said you can't imagine spending that much money. Neither can I, but I cannot imagine wasting time to acquire the tickets either! And yes, processing for it seems stressful as well!
 One person spent most of her 27th birthday outside of the building to get them. She even pulled an all nighter. That does not sound like my idea of a good birthday.
 No thanks. I would much rather do other things on my birthday. I guess it would be okay if you got along with the people in line. One patron said it was the "most enjoyable waste of nine hours" she'd ever spent. There are so many better things I could do with nine hours of my time. 
 I believe so.  One of the actresses that I don't personally like is Judge Judy.  I can believe she get paid as much as she does.
 Hi, do you know a lot about internet
 It uses a technique called "jump-scaring" which is nothing new.  If it's that bad, click off the tab or the browser.  People complain too much these days. 
 That's sad but I bet they didn't care if you smoked by it unlike Apple.  Apple would have voided the warranty. 
 Oh 58, my bad I got the numbers mixed up. That 30% of America probably receives a lot of fake news.
 I think that divorce filings should be done in person. Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for only 75 million back in 2005. Now the value of facebook is in the billions!
 That sounds pretty lame. I wonder how many views that video got.
 Yea, it's a shame the average US golf course consumes 312,000 gallons of water when there are parts of the world with no water
 Yes, I actually saw him do Hamlet. Speaking of Hamlet, it's kind of creepy that a composer donated his skill to the royal Shakespeare company, hoping they would use if as a prop for Hamlet.
 I've never seen it. It could be the new rick-rolling.
 Wow! That's pretty cool. Hm, did you know Henry Ford financed country music because he didn't like jazz music? 
 I have been pretty happy with half of the used cars I have purchased. The two I wasn't happy with were old already. I just needed something to get from A to B, and they both didn't last me very long. 
 I would keep at for that kind of money too! I feel like she is the poster child for an entire genre of courtroom television.
 They win, we lose. Always something funny in Washington. In 1918, the first woman was elected to congress even before she had the right to vote.
 Yeah. Congress will not go out of it's way for us,  It is up to us to right the wrongs committed by Congress, because they will only pass the buck. In Norway, the government will buy 1000 of each book written by their writers and distribute them in Libraries..
 In addition to the fact that one has to get dressed up and leave the house to attend a live comedic show. Patton Oswalt would have to be pretty funny for me to want to do that!
 Never! Do you? It shouldn't even count as a binding contract if it's boilerplate they know nobody will read.
 I hate the cockroaches in the Philippines.
 I do enjoy some of it. Although, I recently heard a Kanya West song with lyrics comprised mostly of "poop" so he's definitely on my questionable list now.
 I remember that, now! Kanye seems to spread message about not following the crowd, too, ironically.
 Yes, that seems very underpaid compared to professional baseball players who have million dollar contracts. 
  in China Anti Muslim acts are at an all time high and the internet just fuels the rage fire! 
 Most coverage in the news about  Muslims is negative.  The internet can play a positive and negitive roll in this!
 That's my main reservation.  It is good that they have the sense not to discuss politics (e.g., communism, Poland and Yugoslavia).
  That whole red/blue scheme is a recent invention. I did not know that. The media has pitted us against each other for their own amusement.
 Also strange is that the last time a GOPer was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928.  Dated info... Trump and Pence weren't counted I guess...
 Yes, I've heard. Such a rivalry between the two.
 That's amazingly paternalistic. I wonder how they think they can enforce something like that?
 Yeah, his behavior in the court room was despicable.  He was laughing!
 Sometimes people think their fame will protect them from their crimes done in secret.
 You are welcomed in N.K. if you are a basketball player.  I was trying to think of NBA players that went to N.K. with Rodman.  I couldn't.  I'm glad that real stars like Michael Jordan, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and others were wise enough to stay out of this diplomatic nightmare. 
 I believe everything I read. In Germany, animals were given constitutional legal rights in 2002. We need that here and close all zoos. They're prisons for animals.
 Good or bad, the animals are still being held against their will for our amusement. They all need constitutionally guaranteed legal rights. We're mammals, which makes us animals. We're no better than they are.
 A guy can dream. Just 300 years ago, there was a moral panic from people reading novels. Now, I panic because people barely read articles and tweets, let alone novels. 
 He likes Family Guy but I don't like him watching it, too much crude humor!
 Yep and 158 degree water will cause third-degree Burns, so they definitely got burns on the thieves
 That figures, they are so politically correct up there!
 That it does.
 I think we don't put the emphasis on voting in the US that we should. 
 Mostly just like regular people.  It depended on the Senator.  I did an event with Ted Kennedy about 20 years back, he seemed very self important.
 I wonder what the median age for hockey is?  I did go to a hockey game once.  I saw Roman Polak... You know the saying: "I went to a fight and a hockey game broke out."  That's what he was like, always called for penalties.
 Well, there's no shortage of witnesses.  What a circus.  If nothing else, with all the legal expenses, he'll get screwed one way or another.  Isn't he in poor health?
 Not really, I get so frustrated hearing all the fighting between the two parties going on.  I just turn it off.
 Yeah I think that's a very weird opinion, did you hear about the judge in 1950? He wanted to outlaw a comic book because there was a black character in it
 He makes me sick. it's too bad because i really liked his music and loved his dance moves. It just sucked to hear such awful things about him.
 its so crazy that he wanted to build a 50 foot robot of himself to roam the desert. 
 That was so interesting, him insisting on bringing a llama to the studio with Freddie Mercury. 
 That does not surprise me.So much rivalry between the parties that in 1957 on a trip to Disneyland Truman refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride as to not be associated with Republicans.
 Agreed.  We have a lot to learn still.  One thing is that people are agreeing to terms and conditions they haven't even bothered to read...  Only 7% actually read the full terms when they sign up for something online.  Great talking to you, take care!
 I have no idea. I think it was just a way for the nba to get a pice of that massive shoe deal.
 wow, that's actually ridiculous. But I guess it's all business, considering they make a lot of money for the schools.
 I started my career in the phone company.  There is pretty good shielding on the cables.  They are only 2.7 inches in diameter, and voice is digitized so the entire data stream is productively used.
 Did you see the video with the child using a training toilet on the plane? gross!
 Yeah. Like they can control it! No matter how you look at it, air travel with young children is a real challenge. 
 How interesting. It must be tough to be a celebrity. Sone are very well off, of course. Judge Judy makes a lot of money per episode, apparently.
 Its like leaving for a job opportunity and being like Oh I made a mistake and expecting them to take you back.  That is kind of ridiculous in my opinion.  We really cater to the egos of the players.  Like even though shooting "granny style" is more efficient, they wont do it because of how it looks.
 Hello! Did you hear about the Woman who killed her mother and sister in McLean, VA?
 I'm a gun owner and I don't even hunt.  The problem with gun laws is that only the people that aren't a problem wi;; abide by them.  Only the criminals will have the guns.  Do you use YouTube a lot?
 That's wild. That's one of the worst examples of short-term corporate thinking I've ever heard of.
 That's pretty funny. Do they even still make phones?
 Isn't that the one where the creators tried to get people to break their phone when they dropped it? Ridiculous!
 At least we haven't gotten around to Chinese level censorship yet. They actually censor the word "censorship"
 I think it's crazy that the government publishes the names of those who renounce their citizenship. Too much of that going on.
 Wow that is a long scar.  It was all preventable too.  Its just horrible for her.
 At least when we listen to the radio we aren't required to listen to certain things.  Would hate to have the Canadian law that 40% played has ot be from Canada itself.
 The government of  India set up a polling booth out in the middle of the forest for voters but we still can't seem to get things right in the middle of some of our biggest cities.
 I was one of the first to have an account in 2004 but I am about fed up with their antics as of late
 What do you think about virtual pop and artists?
 The last time I was at a concert it was 2002, it was a Creed concert, it was terrible.
 Pretty cool. What do you think about internet?
 Mine too! Have you heard about Jim Carey's latest?
 He is no longer making dramas because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.
 I know, I can understand alot of them.  Nothing worse than loud noise when you need sleep!
 oh no i have not! bedbugs is a huge problem in hotels now too! So scary 
 A blob of goo, most likely! Lol 
 Nice.  Iverson signed a lifetime deal with Reebok in 2001 that paid him $800k per year until age 55, when ye gets a lump sum of $32mil, while  we are doing internet games for pennies...
 Maybe, I guess that would look like an old lady when a 7' athlete does it.  I just recently heard that term.  Allen Iverson is being paid $800,000 a year by Reebok until he is 55, then he gets a lump sum of 32 million.  There is too much money being spent on this.
 Yep, and did you know that the Hawks are one of the worst shooting teams a  percent! Wow.
 Yeah I did hear about his problems with the law, the content is good but because of the allegations it shouldnt be banned
 Yes!  I bet they didn't get $123,000 per episode either like Judge Judy does...
 I wonder if James can keep it up, he didn't do well in LA. He seems arrogant to me. I think he could gain humility if he were a chef in Ethiopia to help feed people. 
 Who knows? Sometimes I think people invent things just because they can. 
 It's messed up New Zeland has a team nicknamed "tall blacks"
 Ski boots that are fitted properly can run you hundreds of dollars. Seems a bit silly to spend that much on a boot you can only do one thing in. 
 Honestly I think they are really silly. The fact that a shoe can sell for hundreds more because of a different leather and a red bottom makes me sad for society and its consumerism. 
 I'm guessing in the thousands at least. Can you imagine trying to walk in something like that?
 I don't find myself that addicted to my phone. Sometimes I wish they didn't have cell phones. I remember a time when you could actually be left alone.
 I think I know how you feel. I got really bad with facebook for quite a while. I was afraid that I would miss a comment so it was really taking up a lot of time.
 Did you know that MJ wasn't allowed to wear Air Jordans?
 I think the pastor was probably no intentional.  He did not even know who she was!
 Ya, she seems super put together at times, but then does crazy things like licking a donut display.
 Oh, I do.  I also think it feels much more personal when it comes to your phone or your inbox.
 I really think that people who bully online should have their social media sites shut off.  I don't know how to keep them off the internet totally but shutting off those sites would do something.
 Again, sounds good in theory but everyone has different things that may hurt them or make them feel a certain way.  Everyone could be banned if you look at it that way
 Oh, that could be bad in a place that may have had some issues with authority...
 Not really. I didn't realize you only have to be 13 to join! Seems very young!
 Yes, $300 to travel across the country! In Italy, we took a toll road and had to hunt for the 28 euro when we finally exited the road. We were in the Amalfi Coast in October and I was really surprised how crowded it was. I can understand what the article is saying about overcrowding.
 We are seeing that in California. Places like Big Sur have had so many tourists taking selfies at iconic places and then leaving trash or doing something dangerous just to get that perfect picture. 
 People will eventually find all the great spots. The article mentions Emilia-Romagna or Extremadura. I have never heard of either of those places. 
 Well maybe you will go there sometime soon.  I think I'd take that over a trip to any of the Walt Disney themed parks though.
 Not a Disneyland fan? Have you ever been? I went about 2 years ago with daughter's family. It was a zoo. And it was March which can't be the most popular time. 
 I find making hits out of already hits to be lazy.  I guess they do have some original content like Big Hero 6 where they used a big supercomputer to render the whole thing.
 Why not just give them the clean water anyway?  if we can male an iPhone with more computing capabilities than our US Nuclear ICBM armament, you think they could figure out better ways to  give kids clean water. 
 No, how fascinating.  You would think with all that money they would be set for life, but I guess some people just don't know how to manage it properly.  NBA players are the world's best paid athletes.
 That's just a great choice for a superhero.... At least he doesn't deliver everyday communication in rap. A michigan judge did that...
 yeah, well ... idealized superwomen sucked into the be everything to everyone on Facebook mode. People make themselves so public these days and they want to look good I guess.
 some french guy. they love cars too. i hear even that girl who gouged her eyes out on drugs was trying to make money in order to buy a car.
 yeah...she was on drugs then she hallucinated.
 Well, I know I like to watch comedies more than dramas.  Money will follow the viewers.  I don't think awards always follow the viewers though.  I mean, 3rd Rock beat out seinfeld for best comedy in 1997.
 Oh wow! They don't even need a manger's approval to do it? I totally need to try that some time since if I search and it comes out cheaper, I just buy it online at home and put it back on to the shelf! I hate people who abuse the niceness of these things, makes it for innocent people like me unable to take advantage.
 I would imagine not very privately. 
 Not really!  It's very annoying, disappointing and frustrating!
 It is really nice. I think if more marriages today were founded on friendship instead of physical we would see the divorce rate drop dramatically. Everyone wants easy and not to have to put in the work of a real relationship. 
 Yeah it really helps open topics about disabilities. More so than just a story about a blind person.
 Im not sure. And it would make it harder to connect with more than 57 million Americans who are disabled
 An they can remain anonymous b/c they hide behind their screens and harass the person now instead of doing it so everyone knows who they are.
 yes that is true.  I try to be a positive light as much as I can but I am not going to say I am perfect.  I will never spread hate however on the internet
 That's true. Some companies claim their "community standards" are enough to protect users, but I think we all know how true that is.
 I guess they liked color just as much as anyone else. Rip Curl makes clothes in north Korea yet the label says made in China. Isn't that illegal? How can they do that?
 That must be a hard job to explain to your friends.  LOL
 same,  i think that bail should have been higher . 10,000 for murder seems kind of low.
 I agree. I think it's also scary that the police discharged their weapon so quickly. 
 Yeah, I guess it's expected when someone says that they are threatening someone's life after killing their father. It's just a really crazy situation all around.
 Wow, that is a lot. While I feel the internet and cell phones are great tools, I do feel that they are completely overused by so many people both young and old. Children and teens killing themselves over something that happened on social media is a problem that needs to be addressed. 
 I'm glad they caught him. People like that who don't take responsibility and leave others to die for something they did are dangerous.
 It is definitely a distraction that I did not grow up with. In today's day and age, the bullying goes deeper, more personal and follows kids home on the weekends in a way it never did before. I read a AITA on reddit just yesterday about how a girl was shamed for being underweight and turned around and shamed the original girl by posting a poll on social media asking if people found her attractive just to shove it in the girls face. Oy vey, it's a vicious cycle. 
 I know right? The people who don't vote but still complain drive me crazy. ( I mean no offense if you fall into that category lol)
 I mean, I think that's quite a generalization to say not many African American people like country music. There are a lot of African Americans in the south, and there are a lot of types of country music. Country gets its roots from folk and the blues, after all...
 Yeah, it's simply the folk music of working class Americans.
 I'm sure some have -- but I assume it's governments that commit the worst war crimes that exempt their people from accountability.
 He was referring to Kavanaugh who himself has no business being an umpire or a judge
 I do but enjoy the work of the Supreme Court more and can't stand the fact Kavanaugh was confirmed to the highest court of the land
 I have seen some men that that has not really applied to... I operate pools and have seen some hair!
 I find t demeaning personally. She obviously has the ability to speak very well considering she won a grammy for best spoken word album 
 That must be some sort of mistake or quirk in the law. There is no such thing as the Loch Ness monster!
 Rarely see that... Did you know that in 39 of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is a college basketball or football coach?
 Hi, ugh more basketball questions. All but 1 are in the US
 Really though. And some even aren't all that great--I mean, the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas' history. (Although I guess historical coaching compensation probably differs from today anyhow.)
 That's unfortunate and not what you would expect. It kind of disgusts me that in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid government employees are college football or basketball coaches. 
 Man, I'd retire at that point.  How does he get a full salary and then the chance to earn another full salary someplace else?  That's messed up.
 It happens to a lot of people, even people who win the lottery. They just think they have all the money in the world and go out and buy mansions and private jets.
 Oh boy.  That's a bad deal.  I wonder if he just needed the cash, or if he just didn't see Nike's potential.  I can't fathom how the apparel industry works when the valuation is that high, and they still pay out so much for endorsement deals.  Do we really pay that much profit to them?
 Probably both. And yeah endorsements pay millions. Gatorade big time. Profit depends on how the stock is doing in the market. But overall, NBA athletes are the world's best paid athletes by average annual salary per player. Crazy that they could ever end up broke. Maybe they should stop buying islands and giraffes.
 They're scamming themselves by not investing and/or saving and just spending frivolously. I have no sympathy. Anyways, it's been a great chat but I gotta run!
 Well the whole government is a bit of a joke right now so they might as well make puns about it. I can't imagine that court gets used much. 
 I don't see what was so "good" about it. By 2014 most Americans didn't think it was worth the cost and I agreed.
 Do you remember Spencer Haywood? He was offered an endorsement deal including 10% of Nike. He turned it down and instead tool $100k upfront. If he had taken the shares of Nike, hey would be worth over $8 billion today!
 Depends on the state, I'm from NJ but live now in NY. It isn't that important here.
 yeah i agree! Wow... some of lebron's HS basketball games would attract 1750 people at 100-120 dollars a ticket... that's ridiculous!
 George needs to forget about Westbrook, he is too much of a baby like Iverson was.
 That's very upsetting to me. We are placing way too much emphasis on sports at that point. 
 I don't agree with that, kids should be able to attend the games and I know they don't have that kind of money.
 no idea. the fact that the percentage of players that go bankrupt after a few years is telling of the whole industry. Two years after retirement, 78% of nfl players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress. in the nba, five years after retirement 60% of players are broke.
 That's a tragedy.  You'd think at least a few of them would take a financial skills class while in college.  Iverson made a good deal with Reebok where he gets paid every year until he's 55.  No way to go bankrupt if you've got a paycheck coming at the end of every year!
 Yeah, and no one needs to give basketball players money on a day when you should be with your family.
 I didnt know the one in canada lol my friend said that judge judy gets pd almosst as much as james wow
 That makes sense. Sports are far more important than education or gov't. Civilization will collapse, but entertainment will persist.
 Wow! That's a lot of money. 
 I can see that. I heard that they wouldn't let african americans see the opera that had an entire black cast. There is something wrong with that!
 That's horrible, people can't have nice things without someone wanting to steal from them.
 That's crazy, they should do something charitable with their lives instead of robbing. I mean Lebron raised $6 million for charity be televising "The Decision." He does alot of good for communities. They should take after him. 
 One of their moms was arrested too.
 Only one person was arraigned on the day the article was published.  He said he was not guilty.  Sure.
 I'm glad DeNiro got back on track and was able to congratulate Meryl Streep
 Aww that's kinda sad. I don't think I would like that book because Many of the dozens of victims of Walter and an accomplice are children who die in horrible ways.
 Seriously? So you can climb a mountain and still be connected. I'm not sure if I love it or hate it.
 I think they will, peace it the best path although Kim Jong-un is a despicable human being, its been 8 years of terror
 OK, I'll be more careful.  I less pleasant topic... Did you hear about the woman that attacked her ex-boyfriend with acid when he told her he had a new girlfriend?  It happened in the UK.
 The judge gave her a minimum of 12 years in prison. The judge called it "an act of pure evil". 
 Yeah, she had bought the acid to distress some jeans and for a smell in her drain. 
 Yeah, the boyfriend spent months in intensive care... Not feeling sorry for her...
 Yes, Bezos is the new King of America. Thanks for an entertaining chat. 
 Finally! Someone that feels my pain, literally. I remember working second shift and leeaving in the summer so sweaty. I could peel the salt off my skin...
 Hello, have you heard of the Parkland shotting?
 yes it was. Joe Romano was his name.  He had a 12 gauge pump action shotgun.
 Nice. They probably were not there long enought to get a thumb drive the from the Russians containing viruses intended to spy on them like the Russians did during one of the G20 summits..
 I think it is just a show on both sides. Trump is displaying his power in foreign policy by showing his authority to pardon heinous felons not only domestically, but on the international stage. For Kim, he is showing how he can bring the US to the table, despite the US being far greater in nearly every aspect. 
 Yeah, apparently Trump was the only one to ever hold talks with Kim-Jong Un. Kim Jong-un is kind of scary though because he ordered the execution of his own uncle due to "treachery".
 Not sure... Funny, even though the NBA banned Air Jordan's Jordan wore them anyway.  Nike, paid the fines.  They shouldn't have let him play - money corrupts everything. 
 Also, Leonard is injured and demanding mo' money.  Free agency just proved there is no "team loyalty"  -- it's all about money...
 Seriously?  We have disease, crime, human trafficking, drug gangs and most likely terrorists pouring in our southern border.  No other country in the world would allow that.  Syria is sane compared to that.  We need more photographers and real journaist to cover it.
 People in Detroit are lucky they can warm up their cars this time of year. It is illegal to do so in Ohio!
 I am never too excited about them. They are only human!
 That sounds about right. She's famous for being famous. Does she have any talent? No, her family built and empire and she was born lucky. 
 the bank? that's just sad. what does that mean for taxpayers?
 Wow I didn't know it was that many times! I feel the higher ups should not be getting paid if they shut it down
 That makes me not want to watch it at all, since I don't like horror in the first place.
 That seems a little crazy.  But that's sports for you.  Nothing I can do about it.  Seems like people with the most important jobs should be the highest paid...but oh well
 Too bad humans don't seem to be able to accomplish that. We are always fighting with each other. Humans do not get along. We are basically killers and that is that.
 The helicopter noise must detract though from the beauty of the canyon.
 Yeah, his amp must have gone to "11". I guess some guy from Muse enjoys smashing guitars.  "Bellamy" holds the record for that wasteful and overdone enterprise.
 Not much, except my radio alarm -- I'm in a little rural town and there's only a crappy Top 40 station within range. You?
 Haha that song was sooo catchy. I might put it on after this chat. It's funny that half of the internet traffic in North America is Netflix and YouTube.
 Yeah, I love the brand. Did you know Google's self driving cars have an aggressive mode? Yikes!
 Especially for a golf course in Dubai, I thought that was a desert 
 The average US course consumes 312,000 gallons a water a day, such a shame
 yep, 312,000 gallons in the US and 4,000,000 in Dubai, such a waste with places that have no water. Well it was nice talking with you
 Probably in hot climates, too, where water is scarce. Yep, it's a rich person's sport. I bet we could use that land for something productive.
 And at the same time, Norway government donated $1 billion to save the amazon rainforest. A worth while goal, bu there are people who can not get nutella in this world. What good is money without kitkat bars.
 Yes. Free market system. Supply and demand. Basic principles of economy. I don't know how we got so far off the mark with that in the U.S. Sorry. I'm getting political. haha. I tend to do that sometimes without meaning to!
 I dont really like him, he has a couple of good songs but fame has really gotten to him
 Kanye West sure does get himself into trouble with Twitter.
 maybe he watches too much judge judy, maybe thats how they can afford to pay her so much per episode.
 maybe because it was in a minor key
 I too love to watch the animated shows. I can't stand watching Pokemon though.
 I just read someone lament about missing issues of the New Yorker.  This person needs to get a life. 
 So true.  The person was also lamenting about TV news using a single open quote instead of an apostrophe.  Such a hard life...
 I hope it makes it to those that need it.  I personally don't trust WaPo at all. If the 18th century people read their news, they wouldn't worry about a moral panic because of novels.
 Man, hate reading the news nowadays.  If it bleeds it leads.  Was just reading about a jogger who was stabbed to death in DC.  
 You know there is no legitimate way to watch the World Cup in Saudi Arabia, they must resort to pirated TV.
 I am a soccer fan. I am glad I don't live in Saudi Arabia, as I don't have to worry about some grudge with another country, like Qatar.
 Qatar is trying to shut down beoutQ because they didn't think $35 million was enough to broadcast to Saudis. I'm not sure if they are concerned about how they look.
 Off Topic did you read the article with the 51 year old women, asking if her boyfriend is out of line for hating her daughter and grandson?
 Oh yes, I'm sure its all about money.  You'd think he could be smart enough to pretend to be nicer to the daughter
 yeah...no one is sending pokemon flowers.
 No. I was nice that somebody proposed to his girlfriend on the Emmy's though. 
 I got it 2nd hand too.  Talk about a crony network, The Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys in 2013.  
 Nice. My roommate in college had a class on movie appreication. He watched a jessica lange movie for te entire semester and I cannot stand that movie now.
 I have many, maybe Pink Floyd "Wish You Were Here"  It sure as hell isn't rap like NWA's Straight Outta Compton. 
 I have a hard time watching the new seasons of american idol. some of the kids are super talented but most come across as bubblegum pop that won't last. 
 I don't think songs need to be politically correct, as they were discussing in the article. Songs are a form of artistic expression. Wish that people would not over analyze everything.
 Hah! I feel like we could use a law like Guatemala where family members of a former president can't run for president either.
 I think that's a somewhat underhanded way to hide the fact that the government is in fact a dicatorship.
 In the current age of "Fake News" I'm surprised to learn that 30% of American adults use Facebook as their primary source of news.  Literally anyone can create an account and post whatever type of "news" fits their agenda.
 I am a bit disgusted at Facebook right now for violating my privacy by selling my information
 I don't trust Belichick.  It's weird stuff like the injury report that makes me question the whole team.
 We no longer have news when it comes to politics.  I'll stick to the Simpsons for news.  It's more honest.
 I'm sure it does. Not a big Strom Thurman fan so probably not in my opinion ha ha. I am disgusted that women were not allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993!
 it is an unspeakable act
 That's just nasty. What's worse is how long he has denied it.
 Weird that apple would use a Microsoft search engine. I worry sometimes that apple is shady. Apparently the voice of Siri in the UK (Jon Briggs) didn't even know they used his voice until he heard himself on an iPhone 4s commercial. Very shady.
 That seems incredibly sexist. Of course not many women are elected to office even in this day and age so it isn't super surprising. 
 It is almost like a celebrity contest now with all the people in office that are reality or movie stars. Not just in america either. 
 I guess it is better than the alternative of a dictatorship or a military regime. 
 Especially since the two major parties have controlled the country for the last 160 years. 
 Yeah could be all a lie to get some dollars out of Trump, Trump denied ever having an affair but im not sure if his word can be trusted.
 I dont feel like I have the right to anything unless I pay for it. 
 It's decent.  I don't think it's worth those kind of wages.  I bet Aristotle got that kind of money back in 335 BC.  
 Oh, you mean like income profiling? Maybe that is why so many politicians want to separate our money from our wallets, to make the world a better place. The richest three presidents were among the most beloved: JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Today, somebody would accuse them of being too rich to be president.
 That would be me. old and ridiculous. Maybe if we develop programs through the boys and Girls clubs, then we could all become friends and nobody would ever have a bad feeling again. I'm too old and too cynical to believe that, but I acknowledge that age-ism is real, as is racial profiling. But is never as simple as  politicians would like to suggest.
 Probably, will be the case, but I'm still quite jelly of the potential money.
 Maybe the speech that Trump said was written by someone else. It often seems Trump never sounds presidential. Especially when he wants to build that wall.
 Yeah, like the Air Jordan story? I feel like he did that simply to flex power.
 I find it interesting that some "presidents" are actually dictators.  I believe Putin would qualify from what I can tell.
 Sometimes I wonder if people deserve to get to vote.  400000 voted for a chimpanzee in Rio De Janeiro.  Ridiculous.
 I wouldn't mind the idea, to be honest. Better one republican and one democrat, rather than two republicans. But that's just my opinion.
 yep  Google analytics measures clicks, through traffic and redirects.  so ads are more expensive the more hits you get.  translates to junk for us.  Like Koalas eating their moms poop.  who cares...  yuck
 I like curling iron warning labels to not use them while sleeping.  We live in a renaissance time  
 someone probably did and sued them.  They didn't know not to use in bed when they were sleeping because it wasn't on the label?  
 Such a weird and stupid thing... Who doesn't eat strawberries? I mean... daquiries, margaritas, shortcake...
 I don't really watch football, it seems like a waste of a few hours since the average game has only 11 minutes of live play.
 Players are crazy to risk concussions. Tom Brady should retire since his wife makes more than double what he makes.
 Yeah it does. It's called Efail. The attacker can modify encrypted email
 Yeah...better to just use a telephone these days
 I think that Myspace was smart for turning them down. Facebook has been getting into a lot of trouble lately and members were posting inappropriate things on their page.
 Wow, did not know that.  Wonder how that works.  Sometimes think there's too much government.  By definition it should be a group of people governing an organized community.  In reality, not always the case.
 That's fair, i've started to watch a lot more since netflix has changed their business from DVDs. 
 As crazy as the subject may be, everyone should have their right to vote exercised. The fact that so many African Americans in Alabama have lost their right to vote is something that needs to be examined.
 I also believe it's a fundamental right but that some violations of the social contract forfeit those rights. The right to life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness should not be upheld if you took those rights from someone else.
 It's funny... She's mad at all the sick comments she got from the internet.  I don't really blame her. 
 It is truly cringe-worthy. I don't know how people get so invested. As the seasons go on they seem bent on picking women purely for shock value. 
 I would take a good book over watching that drivel any day of the week. 
 There seem to be some decent people that go on this show but this year's guy just seems smarmy to me. Like he fancies himself a bit too much. 
 Right!? But then you get the ones who are truly only there for their 15 minutes of fame. I mean come on..Bumper car trauma in your youth? Unless you were pinned under one suck it up and stop whinging. 
 So true. But honestly when they let the contestants say stuff like that they are insulting the audience. They are basically saying yeah the average person is dumb enough to believe this and be entertained by it. 
 Isn't that the truth. It amazes me how some people can get so much attention and fame for trivial things like this and then people who make amazing works of art are an unknown custodian. 
 You'd think all public officials would be required to speak at least one foreign language. But I guess that's unimportant. Kind of like the president's guest house is more important than the white house itself considering it's larger!
 That is creepy. I wonder if they can do that even if you don't have locations on.
 it would cost 300 bucks just to drive across the country
 And with the cost of gas that would be an expensive drive.
 Yes I agree with you. I'm glad that judge Rosemarie aquilina is being harsh with him. He deserves it, I'm glad that 150 women and girls were able to deliver their statements and that he had to hear them all
 Really? I do not think that is a good idea, they should probably keep the arts program.
 I agree. It would hurt a lot of people in the ways of technology and education. Trying to save money, I suppose, but I think there are other ways to do that without hurting the arts and technology of our country
 I agree, especially when the president is focusing more on their personal affairs rather than the country *cough* Trump *cough*.
 Exactly! Anymore i just make popcorn when I watch the news, it's a fanfare! But, funny fact... once the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. I mean, I wonder if they were good? I would not want certain *cough cough* people to do that. Who knows what that would sound like. Maybe that goat screaming in that Taylor swift song, but just the goat... 
 Banana is a very interesting nickname for a president, but is that not slightly offensive at the least?
 Then the president and the vice president would have a lot of disagreements, seeing as the vice president lost to the president. I fully understand why they removed that law as I think that that law was a horrible idea.
 So much money! Don't you think that is part of the reason all those designer sports labels are so expensive?  Like Under Armour, etc...? 
 Jeter really must have mad what's left of his fans upset, too. He was pretty childish talking to Gumbel. Very unprofessional.
 I would guess the bottom
 Good in concept but a horrible choice for a practitioner
 Lol, it's not looking too attractive to me, either.  
 Well, I think al media outlets are flawed. Fox devotes 55% of it's time to opinion, and MSNBC dedicates 85% to opinion. What happened to the days when media used to just report the news. Now they make up themselves. 
 I think it's crazy that an employer wanted to force the guy to go to the meetings!
 Yes, I don't think reporter and the president should be arguing or having a president revoke a press pass either
 I completely agree with you.  I think they will ban this law in the near future
 Oh dear that would be terrible. Have you heard about the Burger King Promotion where you unfriend 10 people you get a free whopper?
 I don't know I have never asked them, but they stopped using their email, and they respond faster if I use Facebook messenger, personally, I don't like it. 
 Homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes if you can believe that.
 Yes, music is quite different now that technology is involved so much.
 well ice melted during the ice age and there were no cars or smog or even the industrial age
 I agree with you. It is messed up that a judge in 1950 tried banning a science fiction comic because it featured a black character.
 Me either!  I could never understand the fascination surrounding the Pokemon craze.  I sure didn't realize there were that many episodes made.
 Not really. He appears to be one of the many politicians running for the democratic Presidential nomination. 
 I think he is the mayor of Los Angeles or something like that. A lot of presidential hopefuls are arriving in Iowa and the other early primary and caucus states.
 I think every thing about him is a lie.  Learning how to drive at 3?  I thought it was a feat my kid could ride a 2 wheeler at that age.  I suspect the degree in Pysics as well
 Yup! And that's really sad. I wish they were better than that.
 Damn straight. I don't think there's been a president in my lifetime who wasn't either a millionaire before he was elected or became one after he left office, and I was born a week before Kennedy was shot.
 Something tells me that with his position and money, he won't be punished too harshly. Football players, managers, and owners tend to have a lot of leeway with the law.
 I mean that is so wrong and creepy, isn't it?!
 its a class A mishap which can be the total destruction of the plane... $100 million in a pile of twisted metal. it seems such a waste
 Yeah that is funny! Silly really but then again the entire thing is looking a bit silly these days. We have huge problems like environmental destruction that largely goes ignored. It would be nice if our government would do more for the environment, such as the Norwegian government did, when they donated 1 billion to help save the amazon rainforest!
 Yeah. I've heard of the BUF fans breaking tables. 
 They are not allowed to eat at a restaurant if a football player is there and if one walks in they must leave.
 I dont know if it is or not.  But I really think that is the wrong way to treat people.
 Why did they do that? It seems like a bad idea.
 And we wonder why the patriots are so succesful?
 I don't understand how one team gets barely any penalties and another gets a lot when there are only 11 minutes of live play in a game
 hahaaaa... yesss!!!!  see how it says an engineer makes more than an nfl player over a lifetime.
 I didn't see that video nor had heard of it. I guess it would depend on what type of kiss, but yes here in America that is considered weird.
 Ironic because the Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes loves ketchup and douses everything he eats in it and does ketchup commercials. I hope his career works out as well long-term in spite of his love of ketchup.
 How many bands have been sued like that? Maybe they should have just retired from music to avoid lawsuits.
 I think it would really go a long way to promoting a sense of being part of the world. Of course it could be worse. Trump could release a pop album like the indonesian president. 
 I'm not sure about that. It would give the comics something to rib him for besides his cheeto nickname though. 
 It might have. I think it would force them to work together and maybe we could dig our way out of the mess of foreign relations that we have currently. 
 That is true. Not to mention it took the secret service four days to discover bullets struck the white house back in 2011. Someone should have lost their job over that!
 I don't think it could go any worse than some of our previous elections! How crazy is it that the president's guest house is actually bigger than the White House? Go figure that the guest would be treated better than the president themselves
 I think that would make for a pretty cool president lol One fact that didn't really surprise me was the fact that women were not allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993. This vibes with many things in history in relation to woman's rights
 The problem with a lottery, though, is that the top schools get chosen by most people, and only the lottery losers get stuck with the lesser schools.  Since the most engaged parents are the ones who fight for the better performing schools, it ends up being a self fulfilling prophecy and the lesser schools just get statistically worse.
 But, the zip codes are part of the problem as well.  If you limit a child to the school in their zip code, they may be in a school that underperforms.    Since many parents believe that the school itself is entirely responsible for how well their kid does, they start feeling like they are zip code losers and are either stuck in a bad school or need to pay thousands for private schools.
 That's true I think.  The press is suddenly concerned about the separation of families at the border although that was the standard practice during all of Obama's 8 years.
 I'm not a GOP person.  I'm (I) but I can't believe how wacky the dem's have become.  Abortion for full term babies?  Sick.  Now is the first time in my political awareness that the GOP hasn't just bent over and is fighting back.
 Yeah, it's set up to manipulate the reward centers of the brain. Also perverse how YouTube algorithms direct people to really toxic stuff through the recommendation system, regardless of what they start out looking for.
 Unfortunately YouTube used the porn filter to filter out a lot of stuff that's not actually pornographic. And in the meantime, people are quite likely to wind up getting directed to alt right content if they stay on long enough.
 Yeah, because they will just be stolen if you put them outside  your car and if they are in the car you would be burning your own car.
 I think so but now it seems very creepy.
 Chicken breeding sounds way messier than picking up a controller.
 Exactly. How do you feel about the president not allowing notes to be taken at any of his recent private meetings with Putin during the G20 summit in Argentina?
 Yes. It seems like he is performing quite a bit against the expectations about the US citizens. Especially when you take into consideration all of the recent decisions he has made to ease sanctions on Russian companies for example. It is an interesting time for the US right now. 
 Haha I understand. You would be happy to know that is pretty much all that was talked about in depth so you did not miss much. 
 Definitely.  They were really happy to have Obama visit though, and love having American presidents stop by, so it's a shame that this is pulling them apart from what used to be a very positive experience.
 It seems like in recent years foreign relations aren't really a concern. Heck even relations among citizens of the our own country doesn't seem to be a concern. 
 The world could use more empathy before we end up in another world war, this time with people being more armed than ever. 
 It is pretty sad that in these modern times there are still incidents of ethnic cleansing
 Ha!  or Nickleback...... oooffff
 Mine has been lost by different airlines.  United actually gave fair service.  Delta the best and I won't mention the outlier.
 I think the government owns about 86% of the land over there, sees unfair to people. 
 Our voting system really needs to change. Five or more presidents lost the popular vote and were still elected. That's terrible!
 Yeah, I'm sympathetic to the animal rights movement in general. PETA just seems to subordinate actual living animals to its "pro-animal" agenda.
 Me either. Do you think Trump actually cares and makes use of this spiritual advisor? I find it funny that he celebrated the National Day of Prayer right after he admitted the Stormy Daniels payoff.
 I know. He really should. He also brags about being rich, but he's not even in the top 3 of richest US presidents.
 What! What a world we live in. Are you a Taylor Swift fan?
 Nope, and never haha. I've heard that the concert goers are insane and her concerts are very expensive.
 I don't see the appeal in being caught in swarms of sweaty people!
 I'm not surprised at all. Disney is all about capitalizing on the spinoffs. 
 I just assumed it referred to cockfights, which is pretty awful.
 I did not even think about that, you are probably right. That would be awful, it actually is pretty stress relieving to watch my neighbors chickens roam the yard. It has been a pleasure speaking with you!!!
 Who knows. I think at a certain point that sheer amount of obscene wealth starts to affect how you view the world. 
 Don't they have guard rails on roads like that? It seems that tragedies like that can be anticipated.
 Yeah.  Personally, though, my "Fantasy" congress would be one that can put aside petty politics long enough to do what's right for the country. 
 Good morning! How are you?
 I try not too as well but its frustrating listening to him make no sense.
 LOL, but sadly he was voted into office.
 Take for instance Alabama's ban on interracial marriage. 40% voted to KEEP IT! 
 Did you hear about the son who asked his mom to prom? I think that's kind of weird
 Oh, cool, thanks. I'm still very into Pokemon ;)
 Yep, that is something I did know about because my team plays them. I do find it interesting that the coach that did that was Hayden Fry and there was actually a sitcom loosely based on him called "Coach" with Craig T. Nelson as Hayden Fox.
 It takes death for things to happen and people realize the talent.  When Prince died his sales went up
 I'm not really sure where you're seeing that, but the FDA definitely engages in censorship. They manipulate the information on foods about their sugar and calorie levels.
 Censorship of food and drug labels, yes. Censorship of literature? That's harder to believe. I see that in the line "The fda burned six tons of literature in an act of us censorship"
  I don't know much about them. 
 I heard that he had his own defense minister killed. 
 I've heard that about him. I don't even think they have the internet in North Korea. 
 Definitely. While places like North Kora with King Jong-un litearlly rewrite history to sound better.
 A verbatim remake of That 70s Show is a bad idea in any country
 That's wild. Even dubai uses 4,000,000 gallons of water a DAY for their gulf course. What a waste in my opinion
 I think thats just excuses, I dont really like him as a player, if you dont win dont blame the world about it
 They should be more accommodating if someone's flight gets cancelled. 
 I had to rent one once when my car got broken into, and thankfully my insurance paid the rental fee. I agree that $150 is really high for a cancellation fee - renting seems so expensive altogether!
 Yeah, so gross that there are so many insects though. Haha.
 I guess Lana Del Rey has a stalker idiot that was going to kidnap her at a concert.  Have people always been this crazy or is this a recent thing?
 And in some cases experimented with stuff they didn't develop but kept under patent lockdown.
 We should use that energy! Im so worried about global warming, the sun seems like a great alternative.
 I didnt know that, that is so funny, was that like his actual name or a nickname? maybe he looked like the fruit lol
 I didn't realize that! I heard that women were not allowed to wear pants in the Senate until 1993!
 yeah i guess so and did you read about the president of indonesia releasing 3 pop albums what is up with that
 Indeed, the deficit in fiscal year 2017 ($665 billion) was bigger than it was in fiscal year 2016 ($587 billion)
 I don't think that's going to happen what with Trump approving a billion dollar border wall. Ugh. 
 I agree, of course Jim Knoblach denied the accusations, he said she was trying to end his campaign, but she ended up ruining his reputation
 I heard the very first comment was a complaint!  Can you imagine being the sour pants saying it was heading down hill, heck it just started.
 I know! 100,000 people doing something together. He must have some hold on them.
 Yea, Blutube, sounds incredibly boring
 I do! A far-fetched conspiracy theory! I wonder why Liz Crokin thinks it's true. 
 I haven't seen it either but it's not a genre I particularly am inclined to watch.  It has dark humor, drug addicts and people that get shot requiring them to wear colostomy bags.  I'll pass... I like sitcoms...
 I am anti russia
 That on again, off again fued with Taylor Swift is odd. One would think they would resolve their differences.
 That's a hilarious pun! What type of genre of music do you enjoy? I personally don't listen to rap but some people refer to it as MCing, rhyming, and even spitting! I do imagine that the microphones those rappers use are drowned in spit, yuck!
 What a wacko! He thinks AIDS is man-made.
 I'm going to go out on a limb and say he doesn't care. I mean when Kanye is tweeting in support of Trump he is doing things for the ratings. 
 Wow that is just bad. The whole tweet with the MAGA hat smells like a publicity stunt to me. Our government is a popularity contest though. 
 That is just a ridiculous position. It is like a child doing the opposite of what the parents says simply because they said it. I wonder if his attitudes contribute to his popularity and success?
 I'm not sure people want to go anywhere any more, except on their computers. Youtube and Netflix account for half of internet traffic. 
 Unless the Aliens are like us: more focused on entertainment than exploration! 
 I don't trust Google. They tailor their maps to what countries want to hear. Maybe they'd end up working for invading space aliens.
 I think they do stuff like use goats in order to appear quirky and fun, but they are a huge conglomerate now. Alphabet Inc. now. But that sounds faceless, so they like to be known as Google.
 Interesting concept. It was made by 2 Phd students. 
 As if Michael weren't making enough money already. But I guess he needed more.
 Sadly, yes.  I watched the Blasey-Ford hearings and the farce in Washington surrounding it. You?
 Yeah, that was a circus. Personally I don't care if he's guilty or not. I think his behavior during the hearings is proof enough he's unfit for the Supreme Court. The fact that he was so defensive certainly made him look guilty.
 I agree that his performance was just as bad as hers. I just think the eve was a hit job and his response was a calculated defense. Us normal folks are left trying to sort out the truth, and it comes down to acting skill, not legitimate seek of justice. But like Michael Jordan said when asked if he would support a democrat candidate, :Republicans buy shoes too."  Washington is partisan and this was a partisan theater production.
 Yeah, and the last Pres to be able to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. Educational status of our leaders is going downhill.
 I think that mirrors the direction of the country as a whole. Supposedly we have greater "access" to education, but the quality of the education seems to have degraded, while the expense just keeps rising. I wonder why we seem to be regressing. Part of the problem is likely that partisanship we've been talking about. Our officials spend so much time arguing and trying to be the "winning team" that it takes forever to get anything meaningful done. Heck, women weren't even allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993. What a stupid thing to worry about!
 I think people suspected the health problems with smoking for a long time, but couldn't "prove" it. There is just so much money to be made from tobacco.
 I've heard that smoking during pregnancy can make your kid go cross-eyed. Doctors are a trusted source, so I understand why mothers would believe them.
  I agree with your sentiment.
 How's it going? Have you heard about the two nooses found at the Mississippi State Capitol? How appalling
 Hello! Yes I have heard it, it's terrible. I think it's indicative of a larger problem. Trump was going to speak for Cindy Hyde-Smith that same day I believe, and she made a joke recently about a "public hanging", it's absurd.
 Yea, Hyde-Smith doesn't look good supporting public hangings and embracing the Confederate flag
 Hi, did you know the US Senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon broke it!  Sign of things to come...
 Yeah, everyone needs their own thing to clear the head.  Wow, out two-party system has been around since 1853 for presidents.  Given the horrible treatment given to Trump, I'm surprised we're only had one civil war.
 Seems like it's been longer than that.
 Yes they do, stop with the mudslinging and get to work doing what people voted you in to do!
 Whether you like someone or not you have to be respectful of them.  It would be hard time for the family and to hear the president attacking him publicly can't be nice.
 I did, that was absolutely awful, I don't think they have found them yet.
 In my opinion, unless Trump is out of office come 2020 the racial divide will only worsen.
 That's a shame in a democracy. Almost as bad as a president releasing pop albums. Oh, the humanity!
 Original when he was elected he was against reform and or expansion. 
 I'm sure some will since 30% of adults use facebook as their primary source of news
 Man, remember when we wanted to share something with a relative, we'd just pick up a phone?  Don't know why people need to share everything with the world.
 So true. I remember the days of corded phones that you could barely walk around the room with. Now we have phones more powerful than government computers. 
 Do you think that the American culture doesn't prioritize families? Are parent doing their job?
 I don't know, it did take four days in 2011 for the secret service to find out someone shot the White House so I'd go with the latter
 Have you been following the Michael Cohen and Mueller media circus?
 I don't because it's disgusting to have these endless politically-motivated investigations. Every day they drag on, the U.S. becomes more divided. 
 I agree, especially the most recent government shutdown, the country has been divided into either blaming Trump or the Democrats. Who do you fault for it? 
 I blame the media and the Democrats.  They have been nothing but negative since they lost the election.  Many didn't like Obama but they didn't act like petulant children about it.
 Yes, that is unfortunate.  It's also sad that we are more concerned now about the sex or race of people rather than if they are competent or corrupt.  The 2018 primaries reflect that. 
 Ha.  Speaking of Russia, at a G20 summit, Russia gave delegates thumb drives that contained viruses that could spy on them.  Scary...
 Trump sided with Putin rather than his own CIA (or was it FBI?). Talk about betrayal!
 The FBI including Comey are the ones that betrayed Trump.  You are buying fake news.  There is not Russian-Trump connection.  They've been investigating it for 2+ years and there's nothing.  Be careful what you believe in the news and your friends. 
 Oh I absolutely was shocked! Honestly I don't believe it! I've kind of caught him doing things like "handing off his stocks" right before he became president. And I'm sure after his Presidency he will expect them to be handed right back. But that's just my opinion!
 That's ridiculous! I think it's time to upgrade. Speaking of ridiculous, president Carter turned down the thermostats to 65 degrees in the winter of 1977. How absurd!
 That doesn't give me much faith in their abilities to protect our leaders. 
 If it takes a wall that won't accomplish anything to make america "great again" ya I am not for MAGA
 What do you think about the sexual assault allegations agains Brett Kavanaugh
 He banned them? that is terrible, its a tradition important to many
 I have 2 daughters too. I think it is hard to figure things out in politics. I don't know which one is wrong or right anymore
 I think you are right with TV news being the toxic influence.  Wilson did not have to deal with that.  Could you imagine the uproar if a president banned Christmas trees from the White House.  TV news would be all over it.
 Wow that is a lot of money, he is a great actor though so I bet he can spare the money, he is actually really educated, he speaks Japanese.
 I hate the ones that lecture us on politics when the can't even run their own lives.  I don't even remember Locklear in "Spin City". 
 I do know that all of those pennies on the dollar plans are frauds.
 Spike Lee had a tantrum a 3-year-old would envy at the Oscars. 
 Most the time but I hate packing luggage and don't get me started on Japan. I went there and it cost me 300 bucks to go across the country because all their highways have tolls on them.
 It's appalling, and I'm tired  of hearing Trump complain about migrant caravans
 Yea, it's a shame there has only been a republican or democratic president since 1853
 Yeah, quite a shame. And the way the media (especially social media) works does not help things. People are so polarized now and only read the news that fall in line with their beliefs. Trump blames the media all the time but really they're just reflecting his own wrongdoings back at him.
 Yea it is unfortunate that trumpism is now in the GOP mainstream and each side gets more polarized and extreme with an either or mentality
 ahrg. If only people would respect each other, there would be no need for political parties.
 Haha, he is a shrewd business man.  I will give him that.  He is no Jordan though and now we are going to have to watch him do the Space Jam sequel
 Yeah, at least in pro sports people have talent. I can't watch these reality tv shows like the Kardashians, there's no talent involved in that. Even Judge Judy is pushing it for me, she's a real judge but she's all show now. And still she's the second-highest paid celebrity only after LeBron James...
 Agreed. American Idol used to be one of my favorite shows when I was younger. It used to be mainly about the singing, now it's about the frills and diversions. 
 That's absolutely crazy! See, it's all about the show of it all and not about the actual job/talent. A bailiff making more than a million a year just because he's being watched by America to do his job is unreal.
 My viewpoint comes directly from reading the tweets of the President. He's not a shrewd leader and he says a lot of things that don't make sense. 
 There is no reason to impeach Trump. It can't be done. He has done nothing wrong.
 I don't like it when he speaks ill of other well respected officials in the goverment, especially former military generals
 Agreed. I don't like her attitude one bit!
 Then there were all the 'officials' that were responsible for vote counting in Novemeber. I'm concerned that there might have been cheating funded by outside sources. 
 In 2000,  40 percent of voters voted to keep a ban on interracial marriage
 Also, 34% of their black male population have permanently lost the right to vote.
 Speaking of Trump, I didn't vote for him and never would. I think he's destroying America.  Being as you lean GOP, do you  think he's doing a good job?
 No, what was that about? And I would not trust facebook as my primary news source either. They have no credibility
 I know, maybe that would cause the parties to want to work together more. That statistic makes me ashamed of my state. 
 Trump's treatment of black female journalists is pretty awful, isn't it?
 Yes, I think that change takes time, but the cause of equality is certainly not advanced when a leader perpetuates outdated and discriminatory thoughts.
 I think it's very damaging that men of prominence like Kanye West actually work against their progress by embracing Trump, rather than stepping up and recognizing the problem.
 Yes, I think that's a misplaced affection, since it's an attraction to someone else's power (who doesn't have your best interests at heart) rather than trying to develop more power in one's community.
 Well, maybe Kanye can be president and make 3 rap albums while in office. Then he might have second thoughts about glorifying white power and really stand up for his people using both of his platforms.
 You can't trust people these days! He was on his was on his way to work at the hospital.
 That's crazy! Probably had something to do with whether they owned land. Even today, 34% of black men in Alabama have permanently lost the right to vote
 What's his name again? I forget. He's not even one of the 3 richest. In Guatemala close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president. That rule would affect US politics mightily.
 I think truman was so petty to do that. 
 Bloomberg is pretty even handed.  I still experience shock over the results of our last presidential election.  Who are all these women who support Trump anyway.  I don't know any and I don't myself.
 And the US government is subsidizing it. They depend on World Bank loans, etc., financing the support infrastructure for overseas factories, the Navy protecting the sea lanes for container ships bring the outsourced goods back, and so on...
 I know, its hard to get anything fully American made due to the fact we don't make everything.
 Even Trump's own daughters' clothes are made by workers overseas. I find that hypocritical. 
 yeah and i think the way the news is so left or right winged is messed up too. Fox is too conservative and they dont report facts, in my opinion.
 true. Nixon was a different kind of conservative though, he actually had a lot of programs that helped peoples welfare. It's so twisted. it's for old people who dont have a progressive way to think the average age of their viewers is nearly 70 years old.
 Yes but I heard that herbal supplements sold at stores like Target generally don't contain any of the herb they advertise.  So like if it said it contained mint, there would actually be no mint.
 I absolutely agree. It's hard for me to even go through comment sections. So many people will not take it seriously. 
 I'm not even surprised the government didn't send out a message to cancel the alert. Some governments have a track record of shady activity, like trying to take down Wikileaks for example.
 That's really neat though. It shows respect for tradition instead of just trying to make everything bigger and faster like with some mass transit systems. 
 I did not. I have lost interest in hearing WH correspondents grandstanding. In this partisan environment, I think this tradition should be canceled.
 We are in a diferent era, where Presidents find it useful to release pop music albums while in office to help their causes. Where Presidents end-round the Press corp and go straight to the people on Twitter. These are new feature of an old problem, Bias has been around forever. It is just more blatant now. 
 I didn't either. At least we can be thankful that the president isn't putting out pop albums. 
 I think that there has to be a little narcissism when it comes to holding political office. They want to be seen and in charge of all things. If that isn't happening enough they do something sensational. 
 Well since guest house is bigger than the actual white house maybe one of them could go live out there. Of course they would still have to speak to each other. I think they used to be friends so maybe they could figure it out. 
 Media is trying to influence people, they are feeding our minds very negatively, lot of competition between news channels, now-a-days i hate news channels
 I guess that makes it easier to understand injuries and strategy. I think that the NFL makes a lot of money and probably should do like Mesut Ozil.
 And a lot of media corporations are trying to start their own streaming services for their content so that people will have to be nickel and dimed subscribing to a whole lot of different services, which I expect will lead to an upswing in piracy.
 they use a laser. but why in the world was money wasted on such a project?!
 The government is powerful. So powerful that they tried to destroy wikileaks.
 Hungary forced a US school to close this week. Did you see that in the news?
 Now that sounds interesting, and something we should implement. Performance based pay. Either that, or give them two phone books whose pages are overlapped to separate,.
 The butcher of Tinder?  Unfortunately, yes. I guess they got him though.
 Well, that is fox news for you. News channels are having an effect on what politicians are doing. I do not think that that is good.
 How horrifying to go through a trauma like a school shooting only to be then inundated with claims that you are a crisis actor.
 Yea but it's not as bad as Henry Ford who promoted Country due to his fear of Jazz music
 Interesting.  The average viewer of fox news in 68
 Times have changed, people are more sensible to commotions, I think putting chips to monitor the player won't solve the issue. 
 I did not. Although I think its a shame that celebrities get a lot of roles, and I know there are people that used to make a living doing so.
 With how they are to the saints cheerleaders, I guess there is no rush.
 Yeah, even the employees didn't know that it was a scam?! That is a very intricate scam but then again, that's what it takes to con people.
 No not really. I think though if it went back to that it would cause some serious work to be done across party lines and maybe something could actually get accomplished. 
 Hi! Did you feel Boston was right in not inviting Schilling to join the 2004 team at Fenway? I'm a little torn but I agree he what he said about the pipe bomb terrorist was disturbing so I don't blame Boston there!
 I think it was the president of Indonesia. And the worst part is that he released 3 albums, he did not stopped at the first one. 
 To think that most of his fans are young girls who write him letters.  I believe that it is perverted.  I mean this guy is getting hundreds of letters.  This is disturbing.  
 These people need to find other people to worship.  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a great evening.  
 I don't see the point of eating together if people just ignore each other. 
 Talk about a gloomy subject.  Amazing how that can happen. I heard that he is getting some insane amount of letters and more than one public defender has ever seen in 40 years of work.
 Yes what kind of people think that what he did is great?  Girls are sending him pictures!
 Apparently there is even a secret Facebook fan page for him.  I guess it's not completely unusual based on other so-called groupies for serial killers and mass murderers.
 Who knows congress probably passed a law on it like they pass laws on their own salaries and pensions. 
 I have a good agent that fight for me but in the real world there is just inequality between women and men
 Well thanks for understanding. Its tough out here for female musicians as it has been for centuries. It was a time when women wasn't allowed to sing at all only men.. 
 The bosses are worried that people are goofing off at home, getting drunk, etc.
 The govt needs to control access to its systems, but the workers should have a way to get in to get work done. Govt jobs have less appeal because of this.
 Here and there to find out what people are up to, but I don't really like what a mess it's become. I think it's absurd that 30% of American adults use it as their primary news source.
 I think it was more than a decade. Someone should've sued and taken it to Supreme Court...where they have their own basketball court, "the highest court in the land!"
 I know. I wonder/hope if it might be based on their uniforms or something not related to race. Either way, it's just as bad as the Red Skins here :(
 Probably thought about ethics and faith. It's hard to think long term. Consider the example of Spencer Haywood.
 He took 100,000 in cash up front instead of stock which would be worth billions now. 
 Yea an example of that is the country music concert where the guy killed over 50 people. 
 Same I feel mental health is an excuse since other countries have mentally sick people too.
 they just use it for an excuse to avoid losing their money from selling guns
 No. That is not good. I pray that they stop using dogs.
 I have actually, thankfully I didn't fall into a scam and lose 15,000 like that man did I was reading about! That's awful!
 True, but 8 year old mind? That's sad. The woman who scammed him tried to make it sound like she cared about him....people are evil.
 Exactly, guess that is why they are considered con artists....they are good at getting to people through emotions. 
 It most definitely is! And she made him believe the ex co worker liked him in a romantic way....ugh so horrible.
 Yes I find it to be pretty disgusting. They should not be above the law in any way. I had no idea that Babe Ruth played golf. 
 Right? And there's a golf course in Dubai that uses 4million gallons a day!
 That's pretty neat. Over 1 million of the species are insects! Yuck!
 Yeah!!! I still can't believe that the whole thing was a lie. 
 That is terrible. Do you happen to know how this whole thing started in the first place?
 I don't think so, Bobbitt wasn't on the scam, he even sued the couple, he accused them of fraud and also of conspiracy
 Yes. They did a terrible thing. They should be ashamed of themselves for scamming a veteran homeless man.
 Yeah. IIRC everyone involved turned out to be a scamster.
 I think they used FAcebook to post another story and got caught
 I don't care for him, or any of his classmates. His ego is something else. He pulled his album from iTunes, because he didn't want the songs sold individually.
 I don't listen to his wife either. I don't care for either of them. Notorious B.I.G. is a former classmate of Jay Z.
 That was an American football game between Georgia Tech and Cumberland. It was a blowout. Probably the worst defeat in sports. 
 Awe... can you prove that statement?  I also am not a big fan of Facebook.  Alex Jones has been banned by FB.
 Alex still has the right to free speech.  If you don't agree with him, don't watch him.  But to deny him the platform to speak is a form of censorship, wouldn't you agree?  Besides it came down to an arguement between silicon valley and Jones.  Jones lost!
 I agree that Alex is a terrible person and terrible people sometimes shouldn't have the right to anything. I'm glad he lost. interesting to learn it all came down to him Vs Silicon Valley. The times have changed so much
 I didn't say Alex was a bad person.  Who would get to dictate you has the right and who doesn't.  That mindset goes against everything that is American!  That statement reminds me of something Hitler would say.
 Again... don't watch him if you don't like what he is saying.  He had 3.9 million views at the NewsWars FB page.  So he obviously had believers.  Are all those people not allowed to have a platform either?
 Now that I agree with.  FB is not a good place to get your news!  FB in general is corrupt.  Mark Zuckerberg is a known liberal and has known liberal bias.  I wouldnt trust anything read from that platform.
 Who cares if its healthy.  Its my choice!  If women have the right to choose to keep or kill a baby because its her body then I should have the same right to decide what I want to eat.  After all, ITS MY BODY!  Nice talking with you.
 Yes. Agree. And others have knocked Neville for his sexists social media presense.
 2,000 kids were taken from their families and put in detention centers
 Hi!  Is Washington a mess or what?
 I agree with you! Its called common sense for your country. Not lies.
 I think they have so much to hide,money to lose, and its been going on for so long. When it does all come out,  its going to very bad!  
 I'm really not sure.  We need some policies, but we are currently going about it all wrong.  The whole shutdown for a wall thing is not helping anything either.  Our country is in a sad state.  I was speaking with someone from Germany the other day, and he said that they make fun of our president all the time.
 Yeah I did hear about that I think its so wrong and we must join and do something against that. 
 Yeah, so much of it is patent enclosure. And even worse, they send out their Pinkerton rentacops to test organic farmers' crops for Monsanto DNA and sue the people because Monsanto pollen floated over the property line.
 I'm not sure what to make of our government structure in the US these days. 
 I think we could do with some new blood in the congress for sure. It almost seems like a legacy system at this point. 
 How the heck do you get away with something like that?
 Don't they all
 I hear bits and pieces but I heard that there was a Russian Nationalist that spoke to Trumps lawyers that said they could help his election prospects.  Sketchy.
 Mass shootings have become a political football.  Guns vs. No Guns... I think the problem is deeper than that.
 I think as far as players go Tom Brady is way overrated. 
 You would think so. Unless he is trying to be another Brett Farve. 
 I hear that. I can't get behind some of the music nowdays. I would rather listen to that finnish latin program. At least that would be educational. 
 Hard to say. But I doubt we'd be using automobiles for personal or freight transportation on anything like their present scale if it hadn't been for massive subsidies to the Interstates and civil aviation, and to car-centered urban development.
 Yea but it's a shame that things like 34% of black men in alabama losing the right to vote still occurs
 Garbage dump...  Durst is in the band Limp Bizkit. I guess those Texans aren't a fan
 Yes, but if you listen to the so-called news, you probably hate him.  They were saying the sky was going to fall for the holidays because of the tariffs. Didn't happen...
 Luckily Creed didn't do that
 I think that is so awful, what would someone want with a shark tooth over a million years old, not like people won't know it was stolen.
 Ugh, I can't believe people. And it was stolen just when they were discussing how to secure it. Makes you wonder if those people told someone.
 Yeah, thats crazy. Part of it is being irresponsible, but some of it is being misguided. Kids are given so much bad advice, or just zero guidance at all. Kids are taught the importance of saving, but not what it means to wrack up all that debt for school or how much retirement actually costs. 
 I didn't even know what credit was when I was 18. I wish my parents had given me better advice and gotten me to keep living at home and paying off debt for a while. I got an apartment and credit card, and defaulted on loan.
 I don't.  I think its pretty boring to watch on TV, but some people love it.  Did you know there is a golf course in Dubai that needs 4 million gallons of water a day.  It's like a total environmental disaster.
 I don't think there's such a thing as too much learning. 
 So what would that mean? Firing people who get caught online at work? There's no real way of controlling the internet unless it's done in a state control like in China or Iran. And people still get around that.
 Very few keep it up. They would have no staff left.
 What do you mean? The VP has to be basically the heir, the one who can step in at any time to take over.
 Yeah. I remember that and being so disgusted. Between that and the Orlando night club shooting, I am exasperated...
 Well, one way is to stop glorifying football players like Tom Brady of the Patriots.
 Yeah, they are the only professional team with a jail in their stadium. Well, their old stadium...
 I remember in the 80s, they threw snowballs at Santa Claus. At SANTA CLAUS!!!! 
 Can you imagine a fanbase so dedicated that cops tell Minnesota fans to take off their colors if they win for their safety...
 OK, Im done making fun of Philly now but reserve the right to come back and make fun of them more. Can you tell they beat my Bears in the playoffs this year?
 We have too many people with money taking advantage of this country right now, and they feel like they're doing the right thing, but in the backs of their minds they're doing what's best for their businesses bottom line.
 I didn't vote for either large party candidate. I don't think I can say that I voted for a reality television host who tried to trademark the phrase you're fired. It's kind of ridiculous if you ask me.
 And it seems like they're doing whatever they can to only give the voting power to people who will go along with their agenda.
 In which the immigration issue will again be pushed to the forefront and declared a national emergency.
 That's neat! New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player. They have to leave if a player comes in!
 I wish there were a way that the US could help. Probably so much corruption there that any intervention would be fruitless.
 oh my gosh, well, it's pretty messed up. Cosby's defense team called a witness to the stand, and this witness testified about one of the women who claims Cosby assaulted her ... this witness testified that the woman in question confided her plans to try to "set up a celebrity" with a fake sex-assault story. 
 I much less, we pay for it at the end. Everyone is responsible for their actions, but I find it disgusting that there are so many unscrupulous people
 Not that I remember. I didn't even mind that he was a rapper but that he was that particular rapper. He rambled nonsense forever. He seemed to have no clear lines of thought. He was so erratic it was embarrassing. 
 I agree, it seems unfair that those doing the most work get the least out of it, whereas the coaches get millions.
 I've heard they lose scholarships if they are hurt during their school time, they have to be playing to get them.  It's a system ripe for abuse.
 I think it has been that way since 100 years, it is like they lost faith  in the officials. I think it is terrible. 
 It is awful. LOL someone broke into someone's house just to steal a case of beer and drink it in the homeowner's basement. What kind of a world are we living in?
 I think I would have probably bit him too. Thats why I have big dogs, I would prefer they do the biting if necessary.
 Hi. Are you a fan of Ryan Seacrest? I guess E! network did an investigation on him for sexual misconduct.
 Yes, he learned the importance of "innocent until proven guilty" which isn't how Hollywood works...
 I think, like commentators, that a president should sound noble, so in my opinion, Trump does not have a presidential attitude.  
 The State of the Union Address is always scripted, whoever is the president. Do you mean Trump's speech should not sound like Trump ? In that case, I think yes, but I think that Trump cannot act presidential even with a speech. 
 I believe that saying John F Kennedy was a playboy and thrown into presidency when his brother died is discounting his accomplishments. Kennedy always had a professional front and was presidential by navigating the US through one of the worst crisis in Us History. He shows that acting presidential at some times  can pay off because he was a very well liked president. 
 I find it difficult to navigate through the sea of fake news. I have a solid world view, and the reality show in Washington is far from reality to me.
 One person told me he thinks all the behavior in Washinton is smoke and mirrors to hide what they are really up to. I think that is giving them too much credit. In Zimbabwe they called their first President, President Banana.
 No, I didn't know that. I watch the super bowl but mainly for the commercials. What is Justin Noener's 
 I saw that in the article but didn't know about that. I wonder how long it will be before a women tries out? And what kind of crazy rule is it that cheerleaders have to get up a leave a resturant if a football player comes in?
 I liked Disney, but I would watch the old Twilight Zone, Frankenstein, Dracula, The last one that I remember hating was "The Skeleton Key." Horrible!!
 Oh yes!!! That was a Disney movie, and I can't imagine Stephen King being terrified...it seems that would have been one to trigger his sick mind!
 Good morning, are you a baseball fan? Evidently, there is a  controversy over a teen throwing over 800 pitches in a week, and some say its abuse.
 Yes, I like baseball but I would let my son get abused like that.  I realize its a tournament but that's crazy.
 Toll roads are an abomination.  Like we aren't taxed enough.  I can't believe the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average for an NFL player.  Where did it go?  Tolls I'm thinking...
 I agree, I think Trump hasnt been making a good job lately, well since he started really, its amazing how his guest house is bigger than the white house
 Wow, that's so short. That's like 5 months, no? To be a therapist you need years of schooling and to be on your own with your own practice you need even more years of clinical experience. It's crazy that there are all these safeguards for these fields that don't deal with such snap judgments that result in life or death. Obviously therapist encounter mentally ill people who may be at risk for violence to themselves or others, but it's different. I feel like race had to be a factor considering that they literally worked at adjacent desks. If it was someone of the same race, I bet he would've been able to recognize him.
 Yeah... well i think that's disrespectful honestly!  You should be honored to do that 
 I think as time has gone on though people are showing up because they want their 15 minutes of fame no matter who the president is. 
 Oh god no... please!  LOL
 Nope just President Cheeto to his detractors. Honestly I expected him to remodel the white house and make it bigger. I can't seem him standing for his guests having a bigger place to stay. 
 Yes... definitely.... i am sick of the dividing... it's dividing the country!
 Yeah, he certainly says the same things.  Always quoting the same biblical passage.
 Well, that certainly follows the long tradition of using religion to address tragedies.  Always citing evil....
 Yes.  Trump followed the same rhetoric by calling for good instead of evil.
 I was not aware of that. The leader of the Philippines, (Duterte) has waged a war on drugs. I don't like him.
 The ACLU claims to not support either political party.  Huge lie.  The ACLU is so left it is totally in bed with democrats.  The want control of how Comey's private files are reviewed.
 Huge problem... Judge Kimba Woods is a very biased democrat.  It's absurd to expect a non-biased review. It's a sick ACLU solution.  
 The shutdown has become a political weapon used to force through crappy legislation.  One of the US gov'ts many problems. Did you know the Russians made a water-powered computer in 1936?
 I feel the same way. I don't know how they could smell marijuana in his pocket.
 I agree and you know they profile whether consciously or subconsciously
 I agree with that too. And hopefully it can weed out the bad officers too because sometimes they turn off their body cams when they know they're wrong.
 Just because Amy Schumer and Dave Chappelle were paid more...well. good luck to her!
 In my article, it was Section 1. It's about a blind date that went really well. The schocking part is that the girl on the date was married before and her ex-husband left her after 6 DAYS! What a jerk bag!
 It really is. Imagine all the land that could be saved if only other governments did that. We wouldn't be in an ecological crisis. 
 I wish more people voted third party. I think it would introduce some new much needed opinions into the government.
 Yes we should, but would we as the US have the resources to go against them? If we did, would we go against Russia for what they did as well? Also, after the Trump Administration and everything he has done so far, would any other countries be there to help us out? It's terrible that they did that, but what would it solve if we did punish them
 I think the US needs to a) beef up their security system and b) stop meddling with other countries affairs. We obvious hate it when people (Russia, China) do it to us, but we've done it to: Vietnam, Korea, Afghanistan, Chile, Argentina, Bolivia, and thats just in the last 50 years 
 And thats the biggest issue with the constitution. It assumes that the people dont want to deal with politics and that people who do have the best intentions for the country. But thats just not the case anymore. People care now and they want to know what is going on with where their money is going and what the country is doing. 
 It's stupid, I had a friend who had to relinquish his Swedish citizenship and Sweden isn't going to call him out for it. 
 I'm sure Kellyane Conway can think of some alternative facts that can be presented on the President behalf to make him look good as usual. Too bad real facts speak louder than words, I guess.
 I would assume not. I would think that would make national headlines. And, I think it makes more sense for college teams to own larger stadiums than an individual. Unless you have as much money as Oprah. I feel like the nickname "tall blacks" for New Zealand can definitely be considered racial. I wonder if that is an older nickname.
 Based on the station because some are liberal and some are conservative. Do you agree? 
 Meyer ended up getting suspended for three games due to how he handled some things, specifically allegations of domestic abuse against one of his former coaches.
 Yes. Eagles fans even through snow balls at  a guy on the field dressed as Santa during a game that I had watched a few years ago.
 Yup and they booed Michael Irvin when he got hurt.  They are not nice at all.  Terrible fans!
 Philly is  a tough town.
 Yep, it just have also been very humiliating for the US teams.
 I wonder why they are treated like that. That is a very unfair rule.
 Perhaps, although some suspect there was Los Angeles Police involvement.
 That's sad, the state shouldn't have to pay basketball or football coaches millions a year of taxpayers dollars
 That's crazy, and kinda gross if they're just sweating it out. 
 Yea, the use of an anti-gay slur on a child is appalling 
 The employee at the store really sounds unhinged, I mean saying that stuff to a customer is unprofessional in the least
 I feel bad for the poor kid in the boy scouts. all he wanted was some help at the store
 In such a short amount of time, we've become so dependent on our phones that Unicef started offering to donate water to an underprivileged child based on how many *minutes* you don't use your cell phone.  To me, that seems like interaction is one of our highest priorities, but if we're spending that much time on our phone - to even spur these initiatives, then are we distancing ourselves from each other instead?
 Wow did you ever hear about Shawn Grate, the serial killer from Ohio?  He sounds like a horrible man.  Sure glad they caught him.  Scary.
 I would think so. A charming man would be more likely to attract a woman, I guess.  I just have to wonder though what goes through a killer's mind.  I know there is a special coming up on the television on a serial killer and his mind.
 Yeah I heard he bragged about the women he killed. And he even pled guilty during his trial as well. Pretty horrible that he brags about his killing.
 I don't understand that lack of feeling for another's life. He could be up for the death penalty depending on what the jury decides.  I guess, I would be ok with that for a convicted serial killer. 
 Yeah, it isn't like how it is on TV. Heck on TV even if they're completely crazy they don't brag about their kills. But hey they can run cables on the ocean floor for internet so things aren't how they look.
 I loved that cartoon. I am really surprised to learn that people think it's about racism. I disagree. I think it's actually about bullying and not fitting in. 
 Wow that makes no sense at all. I thought they were all about creating a cable channel to constantly stream the simpsons?
 I'm guessing that is the reason they don't want people to know that. I don't think american would look kindly on it for being started by them. Well it has been nice chatting with you. 
 I don't pay any attention to Alex Jones/Info Wars, so I don't have an opinion...other than the President does NOT have the right to shut down media he does not like.
 Its amazing that 30% of adults use Facebook as their primary source of news.
 I had one because my dad was too cheap to replace it. I would dial like 5 or 6 number of a phone number and then have my finger slip and I would have to start all over again. THE WORST!
 That was a smart move on their part. Now, drive-thrus are popular with so many people- it may even be encouraging people to not get up and walk around! 
 I like the NBA. I cant believe how much those players are paid to play basketball. especially the shoe deals. Allan Iverson paid 32m for endoresing a shoe brand
 I like the Nationals this year but they did do so well.
 The only problem is that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 Well speaking of that, the US marine corps carried the canadian flag upside down into the stadium. That must have been embarrasing.
 But even that, I would not play, I would not risk the lifetime consequences of a concussion, I think the situation is quite bad , even if they put a lot of sensors on the players. 
 The Clippers owner and the Bill Cosby accusations are both disgusting and sad. They both need to be put away for a long time
 it seems kind of insulting 
 Meh, who cares about the White House.  That place is a cesspool and so is the person living in it.  Surprised you even heard anything with him throwing journalists out
 Same with produce from places like Mexico, El Salvadore, Costa Rica, etc.  Cheap produce, we love it.  But when somone reports how terrible the farmers or truckers are treated/paid that get it to us, we suddenly care
 That's pretty sad, so is the fact the secret service didn't know the white house was shot at for four days
 Oh, that is awful. Sounds like something we'd see on TV. 
 daaaang! 100 years?! Goes to show you there is no age limit to go for your dreams... or to dance! my knees hurt and im 32! wth
 Seriously... a Donkey Kong scandal... UGH!!!
 I think something needs to be done about that, immediately. Too many bishops are getting away with this. Like the one in West  Virginia.
 No but my son watches it all the time so I feel like I have seen every episode, one walk by the TV at a time.
 I know, there has been several scandals I agree with the full investigation of retired Archbishop Theodore.
 Well they cant hide it anymore, there are just too many cases, I feel bad about all the rape victims and disgusted with Catholic Church.
 I am disgusted too. They have been pretty lax with sanctions and have covered up too many cases.
 Yeah and they just relocated the priests in other congregations where they raped more children, certainly has made me lost faith in church, such evil when they are supposed to protect us.
 Well hopefully things start changing faster. This has gone on long enough.
 Sometimes...but you avoided the question.  There was a lot of irony during the Vietnam war- there were some calling the returning troops "baby killers" yet still supported abortion. Doesn't make sense to me.
 I wouldn't know... I do know Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode.  Crazy...
 I feel like we need a better way of assessing future candidates. Right now the election process feels like the terms of service on a website that we all click through and never read.
 Yeah. It's like a horror film. Edgar Allen Poe plot or something.
 I call it a tv, although I can see why people would call it a tele. But who calls a tv a telly?
 I actually did see Obama when he came to Florida campaigning, one time.  Very aggravating with all the security measures and precautions that have to be taken, even for a 15 minute visit.  I guess, it's needed but it sure is aggravating to have to sit in traffic for hours just because of his motorcade.
 Not really. I don't really get into those kind of adult animated comedy. South park and family guy are too crass for me too. But they seem to have quite the following. 
 I used to love watching reruns of The Cosby Show. It makes me sick to watch now, knowing how men have treated women in Hollywood. From Judy Garland to Charles Manson, Cosby's behavior isn't new.
 I do follow it, basketball is among my favorite sports, my favorite team is the Wizard, what about you_
 Yeah, but they sold facebookers private information
 Yup... and the same companies are the same ones banning actors because of their opinions
 Yeah i know.  This stuff frustrates me!  And i bet Zucherburgh is an aweful person in real life too!
 same here! And I was just about to say that- I think he has too much money if he can do something like that haha did you know USPS has a special contract to deliver their packages on Sundays? 
 I am so happy TV is now in color. I cannot imagine only watching black and white.
 A moral panic spread in the 18th century because so many people read novels.
 They both involve strategic thinking in wartime situations. But at least Ender feels guilty about committing genocide, while Heinlein's characters are cheering it on.
 I don't know how much they're to blame TBH. Teachers have such high student ratios, and schools take such a one-size-fits-all approach in processing students without regard to their learning style, I'm not surprised a lot of people fall through the cracks.
 Didn't Myspace turn down an offer to buy Facebook back in 2005?
 I wish I could say I'm extremely surprised nine states blocked election observers, but given the history of irregularities and vote suppression I'm not all that surprised.
 There would be demonstrators and lawsuits in the crazy USA. 
 Thanks for the chat.
 While some people may need to be prompted to put their phones down, it's equally disturbing UNICEF isn't automatically doing what they allegedly do with funds. 
 The juniperro Serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback.
 I bet he earned hat with the best tutors since his Dad was also a NFL Quartback. 
 I agree. They also think that it is "party time" away from their parents. They don't realize the consequences of their actions. 
 I agree who cares and if you dont want players and cheerleaders getting together then it should apply to both and if a cheerleader is having a meal with friends/family then the player should leave
 Because of an Indian packing company called Green Bay Packers, they paid for the team's uniforms and so they named the team after the company. Anyways its been great chatting with you
 Yeah, a little bit, I am not a fan of the Pats...
 I get tired of all the fighting that goes on,  What about you?
 Yes they are! In my opinion the government is corrupt!
 Yes, me too! And I hope the summit goes well for President Macron, unlike a G20 summit where thumb drives and phone chargers with viruses were passed out by Russia.
 No I did not know that but I did know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.. my grandpa would of been Lincolns 8th cousin
 I wonder if Trump took them off. He doesn't believe in climate change. He likes coal. Not very environmentally friendly.
 Yeah, cars have a lot more engine capacity mainly just for a tiny fraction of driving time, to accelerate around other cars. People abuse that extra power.
 Ha! Funny to think of what a switch in careers that was! The Turkish national sport is men covering themselves in olive oil and wrestling. I  just can't picture that. It's a little gross!
 It would be scary, do you  know about the rule the Saints have against their own cheerleaders?
 I don't know but I also know that the highest paid government employees in many states are college coaches so I think we are placing way too much emphasis on sports. 
 It's good and bad.  As always those who cannot afford it can never progress to a competitive level.  So at my high school, I think the football team used the money for their budget and took away from student and other budgets to keep up to have some good players.   But some of them probably ended up playing with Green-Ellis who never fumbled.
 I wouldn't watch Pokemon even if Ringo Starr narrated it. I would listen to the Beatles on the radio though.
 I agree, the insurance companies want to make money and they're not going to lower costs on something that they know people need. I think the government should step in and enforce some laws.
 Not one bit.  Now we have a hostile government and an Iranian population that is outspokenly against us.  I think giving them access to the internet would also help stimulate their stagnant economy.
 Me either.  Some say Obama made concessions to delay Iran getting nukes.  More like he paved the way for them.  Delay?  He could have let Israel destroy their nuke making sites. 
 I know! I jsut dont have the space. And now my 7 & 5 year old want to watch their shows... I can't watch Bunk'd anymore!!!
 No, I had no idea. I wonder how they get the cables to sink. I know there are phone and cable lines buried in the ground. The cable guys dug up our yard a couple of years ago to lay the line. We ended up having a mole decide it was his personal tunnel.
 I like the idea of sports. I really don't think they should be as highly valued in society and I think pro sports players get away with way too much. I was young and dumb isn't really a reason or excuse. I think that they need to be held accountable and properly reflect on their actions and words.
 personally i think the fact that the visiting locker room in iowa is absurd.  i think that should be changed.  head games are okay but that's absurd.  that's not right.  just my opinion.
 amazing.  talk about running up the score.  that is just plain mean.  i'm sure georgia tech's coach had some sort of reason but that is just embarrassing to the opponent.  no class there.
 I think it's supposed to offend them. Speaking of gendered disrespect, I think the NFL has shown a pattern of disrespect to women.
 i believe what trump is doing is morally wrong
 There is controversy with it being there.  They have no history of soccer and it will be exceedingly hot for soccer.  There is talk that the paid bribes to get the FIFA World Cup there.
 How do you feel about the Saints cheerleaders having to leave a restaurant if a player walks in? That seems so wrong and olden days to me!
 Yeah, the NFL seems retrograde in the ways they treat women, cheerleaders are forbidden to eat in the same restaurant that a player is eating in.  
 I'm from Cleveland, so I despise Bill Belichick, but not in the way that I despise the front office of the New Orleans Saints. They are so mean to their cheerleaders, as they have to get up and leave a restaurant if a Saint's player comes in.
 I am not. That's why it disgusts me the way they treat the cheerleaders. Seriously, the Saint's cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saint's player. I can only imagine the rules they would have, if a woman joined the team.
 At least the patriots treat their cheerleaders well 
 If I had a job where someone told me I had to leave simply because a player of the same team came in, I would be so ticked. 
 who knows...There is a lot of money going around the NFL for only 11 minutes of game play. 
 It is amazing the money they pour into those stadiums. Our state put one in a while back and the taxes were insane. 
 I think a lot of that is to really track their "investments."  It seems crazy that an average game only has 11 minutes of game play, I wonder how much those chips cost by the minute?
 Yes i did!  That's really cool, but in the same league they allow the New Orleans saints to make a rule that if a player enters a restaurant, and there is a cheerleader already there, that the cheerleader has to leave.  That's ridiculous!
 He is on the patriots.  They were allegedly caught deflating the ball for a better grip under the mandatory pressure.  They also had spies at training camps and practices video taping plays.
 unfortunately yes!  Every-time you turn around they are there!
 Politics seems to be in EVERYTHING now.  Sick of it... I bet Pats fans aren't sick of their red zone effectiveness. 
 Yeah.  Back to your point of the NFL in decline.  There is actually a QB that's considering giving up football to go to competitive gaming.  Our heroes of the future? 
 It would be interesting for sure. what I don't like is how the Saints treat their cheerleader tho, did you hear that they have to leave the restaurant if a player walks inside?
 That would be a concern to me as his claim of it being unknown supplement contamination seems unlikely to me.
 Another thing you might be able to take is the code of conduct the New Orleans Saints have.  A cheerleader for the team cannot eat in the same restaurant as a player and actually has to leave if a player enters the establishment after they were there
 That is hilarious. I never understood why people try and cheat in pro sports. You know you are going to get caught. They check everything nowdays.
 Yep that's true. What do you think about the for the New Orleans cheerleaders? I think it's really stupid how they have to leave a restaurant if a real player comes in
 I just don't like his cockiness as a young rookie; Leadership requires some humility and dignity
 Not really but in America it is hard to avoid the football fanatics. 
 True much of the rest of that hour long game is them standing around or in huddles or waiting on the refs. 
 You would think with how some teams treat their cheerleaders that they would pay them better. 
 Yeah. I think it is not right that the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and has to leave the restaurant if an nfl player comes in while they are dining.
 Really? that rule is so unfair, that makes me really angry in this time and age it should be allowed that is a terrible rule
 Yes, me too. I can not believe that she also can not est if a player is already there. I mean, what if a cheerleader is dating or married to an NFL player? 
 Yes! I find the latter a complete crock! I can not believe a cheerleader can not eat at the same restaurant as an NFL player and even if she is already eating she has to leave.
 that's true! it seems as if they are heading into a direction of paying the qb the most! :/
 It's not my favorite thing, as I think it  horrible how the Saints treat their cheerleaders.
 To make matters worse, the league has no rule against female players, are they going to make them leave the restaurant too, if they play for the Saints?
 Could you imagine being in the middle of your meal, and having to leave due to a player walking in? That's worse than those tracking chips in the players shoulder pads.
 I used to like Tom Brady but ever since he was involved in Deflategate I no longer think of him as a good football player.
 He's very much a part of it as the coach. Certainly he could tell the ball was deflated when he handled it. If he's not a part of it then he should have said something from the get go. I just don't think he's an honest player. 
 I used to watch football, but I had never heard of MJ. I stopped watching because I was sick of seeing all the players misbehave.
 Yeah I agree. The Saints cheerleaders sound like they are very hassled by that rule. Or at least I would be. I wonder if that's for all the teams like that's the same rule or if that's only for the Saints though
 He may have won more Super Bowls than any other quarterback at one team, I sometimes feel there is a lot of to do about nothing.
 It seems like a step out of days gone by. You'd think in this day and age women would be treated with equal respect to men.
 I think that is the right thing to do. The NFL is not helping its image any by objectifying women in skimpy outfits each week
 That last part really doesn't surprise me but it is sickening. Ha! All the germs we don't even realize exist! I mentioned the white house moments ago but I also wanted to know if you knew anything about the replica down in Atlanta. They say it was built as a private home. I wouldn't mind seeing it one day!
 Yeah I have heard that the administrator was in trouble for asking for a job from donors, that is not ethical.  
 I wish people would talk more about his record at the EPA instead of this stuff with his wife. He seems like a jerk but I would be curious how he is doing on the Job.
 I wish I knew. The conservatives are calling him a Swamp monster. I guess that is in refrence to Trumps comment on draining the swamp.
 He doesn't seem to like being told what to do. But it seems like Pruitt is really hurting him in the long run.
 I know. I wish the goverment would get it together and handle stuff like this. I am sure tomorrow will have more of the same.
 That is insane. Not as offensive as the New Zealand basketball team's nickname. The Tall Blacks. Seriously, people?
 Best news for him since those stupid "Make Baseball Fun Again" hats.
 I wish it were illegal here. That drives me crazy. Along with how many adults consider facebook a news source.
 Yeah. I worry about countries like Ukraine, not strong enough to be an international player so they have to bend to the will of large super powers like Russia. I do not care about their officials. I care about the ones who lose their loved ones to chemical attacks by their president or Iraq's citizens through Hussain.
 Yeah, there's all kinds of interesting "facts" floating around in that country about Kim Jong. I've heard elsewhere it's taught as a "fact" that he invented hamburgers.
 That's a shame Ted Kennedy blocked, I think it's an important story that needs to be told and Kate Mara did a good job playing Kopechne
 You would think laws would be made to prevent going to the bathroom in the streets. 
 Duterte's joke was in incredibly poor taste, considering his strict "war on drugs"  What do you think about his comment?
 It was during a plea deal for someone else, sometime in 2016.  Almost $800 million in bribes for government contracts.
 Seriously, he's barely holding onto power.  The people have no confidence in him.
 That is weird.  Daft picking is so ify.  Why does Belichick list Brady on the injury report every week, injured or not.  Is that ethical?
 I actually like the Patriots. I think it's a bit annoying though that Brady seems to be "above" the team in some ways. For example. he's skipped out on voluntary workouts with the team, and was on a yacht in Monaco instead. Pretty lame, agree?
 I think so, yes, it's caused problems. One of the former defensive ends, Cassius Marsh, has been pretty outspoken about being unhappy there. 
 He has some crazy diet. He likes avacado ice cream. Yuck!
 Agreed! That seems unfair. Embarrassing for both teams. 
 No i am not.. not a fan of the news because it's so negative!
 Haha, it been said he's wealth is overstated and he lyed his way to Forbes top 500, with his loose relationship with the truth who knows what he's worth.  He did go bankrupt four times and credit was so bad he had to get loans from Deutsche Bank because no US banks would loan him money. Who knows?
 Yep, there's  a lot or rich people behind PAC's and the scenes doing things the average middle class person doesn't know about.  I would have watch an all Simpson's Cable Channel when I was younger if I could, they made me laugh in their earlier days.
 I think that is a good idea,however, the language in the article is alarming.
 Yes, I am. Also the fact that they are basically poking fun at mental illness as though people with mental illnesses are bad.
 Yes, it is about the young man who walked into a church an shot everyone point blank. 
 I don't think making sense is important for those group, they are blaming Georges Soros for funding the immigrant caravan. It does not make any sense but it fits their agenda. 
 Maybe the way they did things in 1805 were better. If the first runner up gets to be VP, then maybe we would have a better spread of ideas and maybe a little more compromise. Things might get done!
 He was accompanied by Lee Greenwood at CPAC -- plus the burnt steak, gilded baroque chairs, etc -- so his taste differs from mine significantly. 
 I don't know, I get tired of listening to Laura Ingraham and Ann Coulter and their anti-Clinton nonsense.  They practically made themselves in the 1990s bashing the Clintons among others.
 oh boy..  that would have been a disaster.  Trump seems to be finding his way in that regards too.
 No I didnt know the teams had a record in common, what is it?
 Canadian Radio is different than American it seems.  There is a Canadian law that requires stations to play at least 40% Canadian music.  Not sure I like that.  
 I have no idea.  I do think the law is a great overstep however. 
 that is ridiculous.  I  am not surprised that their broadcasting business will not survive in this today open market
 I agree. The Patriots's headquarters is at Gillette Stadium. The names of these stadiums clearly need work!
 Yep. The Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots when it comes to super bowl losses.
 I agree, because I am assuming that the cheerleaders will not cause a lot of ruckus compared to the NFL players!
 Wow, a dirt field? It must have been very dirty. And not very sanitary.
 The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of game play. I wonder why so many people enjoy watching the players do absolutely nothing for a few hours.
 Not cool at all. How awful to make any person leave mid-meal, or not even be able to go in because of who else comes in or is there.
 Well... he doesn't get much support and very hard to get things done and be positive to your outer circle when everyone wants to report what he isn't doing or what he's done wrong
 The whole situation is embarrassing for everyone involved.  Not to mention it is going to make holiday dinners very uncomfortable down the road
 Did you know that New Orleans saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player? They actually have to leave the restaurant if a player comes in while they are there.
 That is true. The NFL has really grown probably too much, in the 60's the top bowlers made double the top football stars.
 that is wild. I would like to see more people who are regular and down to earth perceived as that celebrity status and I would love to see a redistribution of wealth in this country. Celebrity status is always associated with wealth but I would want to see it associated with community involvement and activism more.
 it's crooked for sure. organized sports is a racket. they should take care of their players more too. the concussions that that suffer! the brain damage it causes later...
 I am not impressed with him at all. And I say that as a republican. I don't believe he is a good person.
 Absolutely.  I believe that there is too much corporate support, which breeds corruption.  In what ways do you believe that the Pres. should focus his/her attention?
 That is terrible. You would think in this day and age with all our advancements and tech we would stop shooting each other. 
 Basically ego. So what makes a politician get up in the morning. 
 We have some of the wealthiest presidents though. Look at JFK. 
 They are all so focused on money and fame now.  Have you seen the kind of money they make with endorsement deals? Iverson pockets $800k per year and will get a $32 milllion payout at age 55. Outlandish!
 Absolutely. I think it's just disgusting that people can shoot innocent children. Whether it's Jennifer Hudson's nephew or the Parkland kids, it's disturbing
 Why do you say that?
 Why do you assume that? Indonesia is a highly developed country with a democracy.
 I'm not sure, there are hundreds of countries and only fifty current dictators. But typically, the title of "president" refers to the head of state of a republic government.
 I think McDonalds has the first everything. I'm surprised there isn't one in the presidents guest house, as it is bigger than the white house.
 I absolutely agree, especially during this presidency.
 Maybe we should call him President Banana, instead of the first president of Zimbabwe.
 You are probably right. There is no way he would ever be in the secret Pixar room, as he only goes to his own properties.
 That sounds incredibly boring to me. Same with fantasy Congress teams. 
 That was freaking tom brady that they wouldn't put in!  
 Right, although 5 have been elected while still losing the popular vote
 Yeah that was pretty interesting too. At least they are supporting their artists. The first couple articles were a bit frustrating - I feel like we're confusing politics with popular culture too much anymore.
 Agreed, and we have our President and his staff/family getting into arguments, and every normal person wants the spotlight talking about politics
 Ya that is appalling.  Even if you disagree with someone you shouldn't scream at them.
 He increased my taxes so I am not a huge fan of his right now. 
 With out going into an hour long tirade let me simply say that where Trump is concerned, I am not a fan.
 Too long a list, but mostly his constant lies or over exaggerations of the truth. He appears to have a problem with everybody. 
 Yes, people seem to relate being on TV to being somehow smart and  worldly. He certainly has been on the tube a lot in, to quote him, " The highest rated show in history".
 The incumbent usually has a huge advantage. Harry Truman was selected to be the vice president under Roosevelt was because when he ran the senate "Truman Committee", he found so much corruption and waste, he saved the government $10-15 billion. I would love another such VP. Gov't waste is frustrating, especially when social systems are in decline.
 That danger is now.  Many studies including one by Harvard show that the "news" regarding Trump is 92-95% negative.  Hitler would do better.  They all feed off each other, it not necessary ownership. 
 It doesn't seem to work that way.  People seem to be gobbling up the lies.  I think the FCC should bring back their law to keep local stations local.  Then people could rebel locally.
 I agree.  It seems like the FCC is in bed with the conglomerates.  Smells like corruption.  As they say, follow the money.
 Oh yeah, Hanson... Speaking of conglomerates, Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in N. America.  Video is tough on the collective bandwidth.
 This one I've actually heard before. What do you think about these self driving cars that they are pushing for in the future? I don't care for it but what are you going to do. They say Google has an aggressive mode for the cars, but I think they will all be aggressive. And how will they be able to handle weather conditions. Crazy
 He does take it too far. At first I thought he was doing a good job, but my opinion changed. He is not what we need for this country
 Yeah he is definitely no JFK or Washington for sure!
 We need to post a new job ad on Indeed for the President's job since he is firing everyone around him. I think he is the incompetent one
 that is right, but that was back in 1989.
 I don't like him. I wish he hadn't been elected.  His propaganda needs to be censored.
 Hey...the US President is a reality tv star. if Stormy Daniels runs, I'm moving to Canada...where I will listen to Canadian music on the radio because that is all they play
 You know, I'm old enough to remember Walter Kronkite just reading the news, not giving their opinions as facts.  I don't like how the media does this today.
 Too much! I always thought I was addicted but now the science has proved the addition is real. 
 For sure, I guess I should go back to the good old days of TV.  Become a slave to South Park and the Family Guy again. 
 I guess the oil companies can make their own roads really fast if they want to get to these places. What a shame.
 They have a much more simple way of life. We live in a world of Capitalism where it's dog eat dog, so to speak. I think there are too many people on this planet all trying to get at the resources first.
 They are very brave for standing up for their rights but I think that there are too few of them and they will end up losing. What a shame.
 Their heads get too big sometimes too and they think they can get away with all kinds of stuff. You would think all that money would make them super cautious. But, I hear about criminal activity all the time, such as with Aaron Hernandez.
 that makes no sense
 Yeah agreed. For some reason he decided to ridicule France about their performance in WWI and WWII... and accused Macron of forming a European army to attack the US...
 Very unpresidential. Trump's approval rating isn't great either, though not as bad as 26%!
 Haha, yeah, I can't imagine it being as fun in British English.
 Yes.  That was a strange road-rage incident.
 Oh wow, I didn't know that. I was recently reading a story about a horrific car accident car, Yikes
 It sounds terrible that she planned it out to trick Foster 
 I agree. With the NFL consisting of 32 teams I don't see why he has to pick on Tebow.
 That's cool.  I hate to dive into politics since it's so dog-eat-dog these days but... I can't believe Trump is seen as "pro gun".  He really isn't.  He just banned bump stocks to be confiscated and hired an AG that isn't pro gun.  He gets bad press no matter what he does.
 I think that is pretty cool. I am glad, that for the most part, Markle has been being received well. I couldnt believe that Henry Bolton's girlfriend at the time sent racists texts about her.
 That's a good point.  The old Soviet Union has a long memory as well.  With the Night Wolves assisting, you have this mobile, quasi-military force that will intimidate from Slovakia to the Crimea.
 I might take that over forcing us to listen to US music.  In Canada, a law mandates that nearly half of all music content  on the radio has to be Canadian.
 I'm pretty jaded when it comes to government, politics, the president, congress, etc.  Today it seems that reality is stranger than fiction....
 Hi, did you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the Government?  If they were treated like US citizens, they would be forced to sell it to pay for their massive debts.
 I didn't realize Markle's mom is black and her father is white. I couldn't care less.  They are going to raise their child gender neutral.
 Where did the money come from? 
 It is so traumatic for the children.  There are 11,000 unaccompanied children and it is taking 45 days to place them
 We humans can sometimes be scum.
 I think he gets away with breaking twitter's rules. Like calling that lady "Pocahontas". That's 100% racist!
 He threw an ashtray at her, and punched her in the face. He deserves to rot in jail.
 Yes.  It seems like there is violence everywhere.  Guatemala is no exception... The police surrounded an MS-13 gang leader named Cabrera and he shot himself.
 I'm wondering if that is correct. I think his dad was rich (Joe Kennedy) but not JFK.  His dad became rich bootlegging booze during prohibition.  I can't believe the press glamorizes the Kennedy's. 
 I do not, as it is overrun with conspiracy theorists. I deleted my account during the Burger King promotion.
 Yeah, it does seem to soft for such a respected News Paper 
 Yes, same thing that the Times did with their reporter. Netflix at least removed Kevin Spacey right away from their shows. That's a company doing it the right way
 No they aren't really my kind of show. I don't go in for raunchy comedy. I can't believe how long they have been on the air though. 
 They really do! I just can't get behind some of these reality shows nowdays. Some are so obviously fake. 
 As long as it isn't a 40% justin beiber playlist I think I could handle that. 
 Hello, I completely agree. They shouldn't gain fame over destroying the lives of others. The families are forced to relive it over and over again.
 Everyone wants exposure these days, it's sad...  Kinda like the TV show Shark Tank which i'm a big fan of. They have lots of people just going on asking for crazy deals just to gain exposure for there product. The exposure need crosses all lines. 
 Yeah...Pokemon is overexposed. 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight.
 Watch out for Canadian radio...it's like all Rush, Celene Dion, and Bryan Adams 24/7 it seems.
 HAHA I'd rather listen to the sun! Did you know there is a radio station that actually translates the sun's solar activities allowing you to listen to music the sun makes!
 LOL crazy!!! That's almost as wild as Google's self driving cars having an aggressive mode. I bet the horn honks super aggressively. 
 Micky Dees? Do you mean McDonalds? I worked there when I was 15, it was my first job. I walked to work each day. My parents wouldn't drive me as it was up to me to learn responsibility. I started in the winter and it was cold. I bought new gloves to keep my feet warm. Then I bought a new jacket because it was cold to walk to work. I saved up enough eventually to buy a piece of crap car. It didn't even have a radio but the horn sure did honk. 
 I think so... Kareem... Is it racist for New Zealand to call their basketball team the "Tall Blacks". It would be in the U.S. whether it was meant to be or not.
 to avoid any gossip s and controversy probably
 Totally unfair . But the NFL has business motives.
 My luck people would like it and every time I turned in the radio I would have to have to hear him. 
 South Park always annoyed me. I have watched quite a bit of pokemon though. 
 I mean, the Supreme Court has a basketball court on its top floor. Sports are a part of our lives now
 It's pretty crazy how much football players make though, considering the average game only has an average of 11 minutes of actual gameplay.
 I wonder who chose that name. The Fairies?Did you know that the NFL has no rule against women in the league.
 Yep I agree with you! And it only has eighteen thousand people, how is that possible
 right and gillette stadium is actually in foxborough mass, about an hour from boston so its not quite a 'boston' team
 These days, guests are probably getting fast food because of the gov't shut down.
