 I guess it was about Hercules and Oedipus. George RR MArtin would not have liked that!
 It seems like that is what I do the vast majority of my day.  I'm not ready to upload my mind to a computer or memory stick like transhumanists, but it is like an extension of me some days.
 Hm.. Yeah I know that smoking near them, just really clogs everything up, kind of taking dust and mixing it with the tarry nicotine and it creates a huge mess and can break a computer and completely stop the fans and such, but bio-hazard? I'm interested to learn why that is. Kinda scary!
 Haha! Woah! There's a thing called transhumanists I guess, and they want to upload their brains to computers and memory sticks! I don't want to do that! One lifetime is okay by me. I can only imagine the torment of a mind having to just live for possibly forever! Yikes!
 Haha! I am quite happy keeping my thoughts to myself! It sounds like a scary sci-fi movie to me! My computer brain gets arrested and imprisoned for eternity in 100 years for some crazy new law! No thank you!
 That's great! Not everyone thinks so though, Amazon can come with difficulties in transportation and shoot up the housing costs of whatever city it's in. 
 It sounds cool, my grandkids would probably like it.  I remember when I first saw Jaws, it scared me to death!
 The use of a pillow pit might be a little bit disturbing for some!
 have you ever heard about a mute man from england that could only communicate to others with a piano
 Google's unofficial slogal is "Don't be evil" but I sometimes think it is evil. They calculate traffic by tracking how fast Android devices are moving on the road.
 That's a good point! Scary thing about our current trajectory is that Earth will be out of helium by the year 2100, I know that you love him very important for manufacturing things so I don't know what we'll do
 It's scary enough to think that my own dog probably is strong enough to harm me, let alone one of the top predators in the world.
 I don't know how, but there are more tigers living as pets in the US than living wild in Asia.  I didn't even know you could have one as a pet.  Sounds Dangerous!
 Yeah. I liked Poe. Tell Tale Heart scared the heck out of me!
 Did he really? I'll have to go back and watch that movie now just to see if I recognize his voice! Ha! Reptar was a lizard right? Better that than a snake - or even a flying snake which there happens to be a genus of that can actually launch themselves at their prey. Imagine coming across one of those. Yikes!
 Nope! I would run so fast! I am not a snake fan and then throw in a flying snake.... NOPE!
 I know. Poor monkeys have no idea, they just run. My 7 year old asked about getting a snake and I shut that down quickly!
 I don't blame you. I wouldn't want a snake or even one of those legless lizards that look like snakes even though they basically aren't. If it looks like a snake, I don't want it!
 The richest superhero. Worth $500 billion.
 Supporting his training at Oxford.
 Jack London lived as a poor person in London, and wrote a book about it.
 Too much, I'm pretty worried the earth will be helium free by the end of the century
 Well, for one, Helium makes up a large portion of our atmosphere. I do know that. And Helium helps to keep things floating so I can only imagine the impact will be negative!
 I'm just thinking about how our atmosphere works... I', no expert but I think its safe to say that the absence of Helium could come at a high cost.
 I wouldn't make a good bird!  Couldn't do that, at all.
 If I was a bird, I hope I would have enough smarts to evolve to thrive in my environment.  Our poor birds today are struggling.  I've watched Canadian Geese all winter try to figure out when to head back North, only to hit a blizzard and have to turn around and fly back South.  It's sad.
 I think it's crazy when you think about just how much STUFF they own now.  I mean, Marvel, Star Wars, Pixar, the theme parks.  It's like they're trying to completely take over the world!  (laughs nervously)
 No. I hate snakes. I mean irrational hate! Do you?
 I have a healthy respect for them and would scream like a little girl if I ever saw one next to me lol, they are interesting animals though
 My 7 year old asked if he could get one and I tried to act cool, like I wasn't completely afraid of the notion! I was cool as a cucumber...
 And did you bought you r7 year old a snake lol?
 I agree im more of a dog person myself, maybe a snake was a better choice I would be afraid but I wouldnt worry about scratches and pee
 I thought it was sad too. It's a shame that people have to resort to shooting students as well as teachers. It's not even safe to go to school anymore
 There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans! That seems weird...
 Me neither. I personally find Siri creepy, especially when it sings the same song as hal 9000
 Yikes!  Hal creeps me out.  It's like picturing Tupac as a ballet dancer.  I guess he did that in high school. I can't see that...
 I know! Wht dopes! Like Iceland rewritting its constituion using ti.
 That seems like a bad idea. People don't think before they type on Facebook and they're willing to be more ridiculous because they are behind a keyboard. 
 Yes.  40 cops tried to stop the crowd, but it turned into a mob of 600 villagers.
 I would be joining you in New Zealand. Snakes make my skin crawl, always have. It is a long held fear of mine. New Zealand is lucky!
 I would as well, it is bad enough to see them slither around, but flying...no! I was reading that the fear of snakes is hard-wired not just in human brains, but in monkey brains as well. 
 I so believe we'll eventually find some.  But, I feel kind of like Stephen Hawking, it's dangerous to be communicating with them.
 That sounds an awful like the Indians. I'm 61 years old and have never seen them in a World Series. I'm beginning to think I never will.
 Maybe it was a transhumanist. They want to upload their mind to computers. I am not sure I would want to do that...
 I have almost stepped on a few when they wash up on the beach.  Scary stuff.  Fish in general can be scary like the black swallower than can eat prey ten times its weight.
 yeah thats a common theme i noticed in movies too! They're much more advanced and powerful, yet humans always seem to win the battle some way. But maybe aliens would be chill and would want peace with humans. You're so right, and to think that there are people who don't believe in global warming
 I wonder if her neighbors liked it. It must have been noisy. 
 I know for the short time humans have been on earth we have certainly destroyed a lot of the earth.  There wont even be any helium left at the end of the 21st centruy
 There is a genus of flying snakes! Nope!
 Australia's got crazy too! I remember a story of huge birds dropping dead out of the sky. Or maybe they were bats. Anyways, huge flying things falling from the sky!
 Humans are not the only ones afraid of snakes. Monekys are too!
 I am afraid of snakes too so no judging here, I think its a rational fear 
 You are right. Sad but true. Nice talking to you. 
 I agree, Kim Kardashian earned $53 million in 2015, Judge Judy earns $123,000 per tv episode!! just mind blowing. There are people out there going to bed without food. 
 Yes I'm not sure, but it is an interesting statistic, what are your thoughts on the fact that in 2012 us International election observers were banned from viewing the polls in 9 US states
 Very much so! I just hope machines don't become so capable that they start to perform things without commands!
 I think we should maintain a keen perspective on all the technologies that we are creating.  Risks and dangers should be constantly assessed.
 LOL....I hear ya. Oh, and sorry for the spelling, it was "10 Disc" and "box set" I meant. I'm gonna get killed for that....lol
 Yes I agree, they also want to be able to predict their users actions which is scary to me
 Really?  You would think that security might be a bit tighter at these things.  Especially with the heads of state from so many powerful countries there.  It's almost like inviting someone to harm world leaders.  
 Yes, kind of scary isn't it. It's like Zuckerberg is building a catalog of all of us through AI and what we post on Facebook
 It is scary, the AI will understand emotions, identify objects and predict actions, 
 I am sure they are... to further steal our information i'm sure!
 Haha yes. Mark Zuckerberg needs to learn some things about privacy. They are apparently designing it to learn more about user emotions, identify objects in photos, and predict user actions.
 I bet they get stolen.  So many of these rich football people and their "caring."  The need to put their money where their mouth is like Norway.  They gave $1B to save Amazon rain forests. 
 Yeah. I am fearful of those groups normalizing hate speech, sorry if you're alt-right...
 I am definitely not Alt-Right, these groups are scary to me. All the extremist groups are very scary. A man named Tenold wrote personal accounts on a personal level with these groups. Very interesting.
 If I am alt-right, I do not want my name included with the KKK. However, I am not alt-roght and think they should be lumped in with them.
 I agree. I think their speech is just as dangerous. It tells others that hate speech is allowable and endorsed by people like the president. 
 Yea, you would think that is borderline dangerous!
 yeah I am sure... I think the computer kind of takes away from the true art form
 really?  I don't know if i buy into that!
 Sounds like a perfect place for me lol, Im terrified of them
 Wow! I can understand , I am more terrified of crocodiles  but it seems they are closer to birds than to snakes!
 They are? monkey are smart, they should stay as far as they can of snakes, dangerous animals
 I would have been worried as well.Kim was ranked the 46th most powerful person in the world in 2013! Thats  troublesome! 
 I'd feel a lot better in a way sending robots up first to test things. But, what robots do not have are human emotions that would have to deal with such a bizarre plan.
 Well, being alone and 61 years old, I'm willing to give it a shot, I would just be overly concerned about boredom! What to do with all that time on a different planet?
 That is why I'm sure the scientists would have to put those willing through plenty of tests to see how they would handle such a change. Like I said before, sending robots first is an excellent idea. But, they can't measure a person's mind dealing with it with robots. Can they?
 I would think that travelling with many other people that are alike would be of some comfort. You know, many people not knowing what their future will bring will certainly give it's way to plenty of conversation topics. But, for that long? 
 I think that perhaps the scientists should think of different ways to spend all that money! Or at least, put themselves or real astronauts through this ordeal before allowing the general public to go through it. In that way, they can make sure that a human mind can handle it. But, then again, it would be astronauts doing it, and their minds are of a different psychiatric character
 I agree and theres no human error there, still I would like for a human surgeon to supervise the whole thing
 Yea, ANki wants a robot in every home, hopefully there is no ulterior motives
 Sounds creepy to be honest, a palm sized robot that can crack jokes
 Hopefully Vector is never created using rat brains, then that would be a serious problem
 Well I got to go and make some tin foil hats now, nice chatting with you
 Well hopefully we will be able to reverse course and start making the changes necessary. It seems like there are very few planets that are even close enough for us to reach to be able to live on.
 True, hopefully tehnology keeps advancing to fix our issues here on earth if not find a new home.
 Not really! One ordered the murder of the other's children, if I remember correctly
 If people have acted criminally then they should face the consequences.  I have a young daughter and hope she will be safe when she is an adult, I'm all for MeToo.
 Yeah, that's pretty crappy... do you usually always vote during elections?  I can see that number only getting lower.  It seems like the younger generation aren't as motivated to actually get out and vote, despite their vocal opinion on matters.
 That's crazy... I'm sure there are a lot of special interest groups in foreign countries that would love to mettle with our elections.  Illegal immigrants trying to vote is also becoming an increasing problem in the United States.
 Yeah. Not sure I would trust seafood from a baseball stadium but if I did, it would be seatlle or baltimore.
 There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey. I can't... NOPE!
 No never. You just don't get to the top easy! There is too many people with talent. Makes you wonder what they have had to do to get to the top!! I loved Robin Williams he always made me laugh. Its a horror how he died!! so sad!!
 I don't know but it is concerning that Iceland is using facebook to rewrite parts of its constitution with all the data issues and trolls
 Yes, that is something that really makes me worried for the human being. I get it, is something that is going to happen, and we are contributing to that, but, I hope our grandkids still can get a good job.
 Like, even Stanford is using google plus hangouts to augment their teaching. How soon before professors become unnecessary?
 Unless AI develops too quickly and robots kill us all before that can happen :(
 I don't know about You but to me it sounds like brain washing young minds which don't really know what is going on in the real world...
 True! I don't think I'd feel very safe on a commuter bus going 160mph either!
 I used to be scarred of Close Encounters of the Third Kind, took me a long time to see it.  I'll stick with Bill Murray movies.
 Just watched that Se7en movie, not with the kids to reassure you, I'd forgotten about the ending, shocking.
 Yes, which is kind of creepy to me! Say, if the CIA or whoever wanted to knock you off they know exactly where to find you! Makes me wish for the days of the old flip phones.
 Absolutely.  Also scary that when it went down for five minutes in 2013, just a little under half of the web traffic went down too!
 Have you heard of these transhumanists who want to load themselves on to memory sticks?  My kids keep taking my sticks, I'd hate to be overwritten by some school project.
 Sounds like a really smart person, what are your thoughts on trans-humanists 
 Perhaps.  But also nuclear war and diseases and such.  I'd rather die once than endure cancer 30 times.  Or warfare that weaponizes sound frequencies and light patterns.  Do you think such things will come too?
 In that case, I think you'd have the obligation to work forever ... no retirements based on declining health and such.  That's not a good thing.
 Right! I guess they drug the dead victim to their Den....that's where police found him. What a horrific death.
 But I hope robots don't influence us to be more lazy.  
 Yeah, it seems like a bad combination, if for instance, robots take over almost every physical task for us, and we end up sitting at the computers becoming addicted to and slaves to the internet.
 With the death of our creativity, then maybe artificial intelligence would become the new intelligence.  All we would need to do is be mindless consumers and provide input so artificial intelligence can grow.
 I heard it but I'm skeptical.  That sounds far too high and what's the definition of "natural.
 That was 5.5 hours of sunlit hell in magma and lava.  Bummer, they are saying we will be out of helium by the end of the century. 
 Yes, funny to think it was only 300 or so years ago that a moral panic ensued over the spread of reading novels.
 That would be cool. Hopefully we find new planets soon 80 percent of earths forrest have been destroyed
 Google probably knows more about us than we do about ourselves.  It's a little scary.
 Even that's a little creepy.  Being able to look down on your neighbors back yard and such.
 Yes. Sometimes it is scary if  you think about it. Imagine what  governments can do if they choose.
 Probably already doing something.  There is probably a record somewhere of what I listen to on Spotify and what type of person that makes me.
 CLimate change is getting dangerous. The Carbon dioxide keeps getting higher each month 
 Right!!. The gases are even getting bad getting to be 46 percent higher the last time they did a check in Hawaii 
 The rising growth rate of this plant each year is making it harder to even handle.
 sad to learn that 80 percent of the earth's natural forest have been lost. Whats next!
 yeah well at the end of the 21st century the earth will be helium-free
 That stuff is pretty scary. Kinda makes me want to shut down my digital life and write letters again.
 It doesn't help that companies continuously sell or lose our data...
 Oh, man! I was about to say that! I watched it when I was younger. I think it would still creep me out.
 Its been that way for many years.
 People have to keep voting them out when they do the wrong thing
 I meant to say the WIND climate! 100 ft high dunes sound frightening, If I am being honest.
 The Earth is getting pretty much chewed up. I can stand it!
 Yes, you compound the loss of forest and photosynthesis, increased amount of CO2 from fossil fuels and global warming it seems a sad future for mankind. Interesting too that all Helium will be gone by the end of this Century.
 It depends on my mood.  I can get really worked up at times watching them, I understand I may be burning a number of calories at the time.
 I found that very sad, but not scary.  There's a scary movie called Sunshine that I like, kind of Sci-Fi horror.
 Boy, where I live the one sun I have is hot enough. Glad we do not have two suns! It is nearly unbearable here in the summers of Arizona.
 Yep I could see that happening actually. Also we're losing helium very quickly. I guess we'll be out by the end of the 21st century. That is scary
 Maybe they used some kind of technology.  He might not see that scene. I watched that movie once - it was scary.  
 It's a shame, by the end of the 21st century earth will be helium-free too
 That's always a really hard one! It's very challenging to tell the difference between "they're laughing because they're supposed to" and "they thought it was funny".
 Yes. Food is really helpful socially!
 i've thought about that too.  i don't know when or how i will die.  that would be awful.  not to get gloomy here, but i think if the world ends it won't be because of "natural" events, i think we humans will end it...but there will be some type of life left and we'll start all over again.  
 Sounds like that might drive me crazy, haha. I would have to read some soothing poetry to calm me down.
 I  wonder what he did, I would have panicked and screamed.
 I'm worried about Netflix, though. They are producing more of their own movies and content, but they are racking up more and more debt, too. They owed like $21 billion in 2017 and now they owe $16.8 billion more.
 Yes, there are a lot of interesting and scary species.  We have a lot of jellyfish which scare me.  There is actually a breed that is immortal!
 I do not think I would agree. I would feel trapped in that space ship
 I got it as a gift for Christmas, so only about 3 months. I'd give it another 3-4 months before it dies. I did not buy it for a reason haha too much hair for this thing
 The backstroke is good. Did you ever hear of swimming like a dolphin? It seems difficult since legs and arms are bound. I would definitely feel like I were going to drown. I prefer the side stroke or the breaststroke. Both are allowed in competition.
 Asbestos?  And they didn't just die from it?  Reminds me of mercury used in fancy hats a la "Mad Hatter".  Do we wear hazardous things today?  Will we find out in a few decades?
 Through Android phones. I wonder if you have to consent to that or it does it automatically
 It seems to have been around forever, but I suppose it is relatively new.  Can't imagine what we'd do now if it went away.
 Sounds a bit like spying to me?  Technology gone too far.  Speaking of which, Google tells me that Alex Garland's Ex Machina is a story of technology gone too far.
 Yep they probably get some cool stuff in there. What do you think about the clothing brand Rip Curl? Apparently on their tags that says they are made in China but they are actually made in North Korea
 Yep that seems really annoying, and there's so many adapters that you would need depending on which country you are in, that's why I don't like to travel haha
 I do not travel internationally so I am not sure. I do know I would be pretty embarrassed if I shut down the power to half my hotel...
 That movie is scary. It makes my heart race. You can burn hundreds of calories scared watching horror films.
 I don't know, I might be too scared to play the waterphone, the name even sounds creepy
 Oh no, now that is crazy!!! When I watch the very first Exorcist, just the beginning music and scenes makes me want to run out of the room. I know what's coming!! My husband use to laugh at me but the music sounds so evil.
 Could be. We go to the Halloween Horror Nights every year at Universal and I'm pretty sure they use that waterphone in those haunted houses!! Good chat!!
 God help us I hope not! I don't think he would be elected. I think that Joe Biden has the best shot because he has been there the longest. But of course, I am a Trump fan, so I hope they all move to another country.
 No, they don't actually have a good candidate. Too much scandal behind most of them. People don't seem to care, though.
 Unique to look at. My sister was stung by a jellyfish, very painful! 
 That makes sense but I do not like it. Just beat him before he gets the infinity stones...
 apping (or rhyming, spitting, emceeing, MCing) is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates "rhyme, rhythmic speech,
 I guess it is a snake made fro liquid nitrogen.  Heavens knows who would produce something like that.
 I guess I was not as adventurous, the thought of putting liquid nitrogen in my mouth does not appeal to me.  Negative 320F is what I hear.
 Just a trend I suppose.  I understand they are sold at kiosks in malls, made by pouring the nitrogen over cheese puffs or similar.  There are warnings, but of course kids ignore it and do it the wrong way
 I've heard of these cocktail places that do drinks using liquid nitrogen, you're meant to let it evaporate before ingesting.  I can imagine when you've had a few drinks your sense of caution get lost.
 My understanding with the kids is that they can make it appear that smoke is coming out of their noses and mouths, they post videos to Youtube.  Sounds safer to take up smoking to me.
 The main thing now seems to be doing these dangerous videos, there was another one where people would jump out of moving cars to do a dance!
 Who could have guessed frozen food could be so dangerous!
 Now thats a whole different subject and be careful with what you research as they might plan to destroy your info liked they planed to destroy Wikileaks
 The US government owns 86% of Nevada, so there is no escape!
 No. I've flown to India a few times in the past though. I got motion sickness and threw up
 That insect are disappearing seems a worry, especially the bees.  A friend of mine keeps bees and says he loses hives more regularly now than in the past.
 I put my head in the sand when it comes to issues like this. Most humans do. We ignore because it is inconvenient to our lives and lifestyles. I need to start paying more attention.
 I'm more scared of the black swallower fish, it can eat prey twice its length
 I think it can definitely have too much power. Apparently 30% of adults in the United States use Facbook as their primary source of news, it's scary isn't it?
 I am afraid to fly but it is the fastest!
 Unless it turns into Speed! That would be scary...
 No doubt about that. I think we are in danger with the internet though because people don't interact in person as much anymore and there is something to be said about face to face conversation. 
 They were just injured, it was on sep 16 by the way. You asked when earlier.
 Not as scary as the zebrafish that shares 84% of human diseased dna
 Well I'm glad he was put away. It's one good thing the government did. Scary how the government of China has actually censored the word censorship though
 You too!    I need to go cure my hiccups!
 That's pretty spooky, so is the abandoned piano climbers found on top of Britain's tallest mountain
 I think that they can be great but also dangerous, more dangerous than AI really
 Right. Apparently they might be more of a threat than AI. I am terrified of AI!
 Even Albert Einstein says quantum mechanics were spooky action at a distance. But those benefits you told me are interesting.
 Wow. There is a theory that the universe is just a giant superhologram.
 We are going to run out of helium by the end of the 21st century. That's hard to believe.
 I feel like whenever someone says "Hey, watch this", nothing good happens after. Am I wrong?
 I agree, he does perform very well with his team. Did you know that 60% of NBA players go broke 5 years into retirement?
 ya I agree, plus the Warriors have like a 5 point disadvantage when on the road, so if they play on the road they are favored to lose, not good
 For me that's pretty depressing. I just discovered recently that Fox News network was created by Republican strategist Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon. That's concerning. 
 I don't think so but I have seen AMazonBasics show up in my search results
 I dont know, many people might feel closer to him that way, I think its really odd and creepy
 Too fast for me. Do you like rap ? I love Tupac
 I wonder what is causing the helium to go away? I know that the CO2 emissions are causing fluctuations in temperature, and melting of the polar ice caps, but what is responsible for the helium?
 Sadly, I was in retail and yes it has hurt.  He is diversifying into more than just videos for sure.
 Yeah, exactly correct.
 Yes, there are some I can watch. I think Bambi upset most children.
 Hmm....but all the buttery popcorn I eat will probably make me gain calories. I don't like to watch horror movies. They creep me out. Maybe that's due to the metallic noices made by a waterphone.
 I just think Shazam could take us back to the fun I had with Flash when we all watched it as a family. I liked when Barry was more forensic scientist with powers, than just a superhero.
 I don't know but Netflix needs to be careful, they just accrued another 2 billion dollars in debt for it's original content
 Yeah. Probably short hours too. How would you like to see a chicken with teeth!?!?!?
 Oh, that is one of my favorite topics! It makes me feel sad knowing more than 80 percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed.
 Yea it's scary how the sun is 99.86% of the solar system's total mass
 I am not sure, I might have. It's surprising that the boy from the Shining didn't know he was acting in a horror film. I hope that means that it was not scary for him.
 Interesting. I think when movies have the waterphone sound it makes it less scary because I know to anticipate. It's when something suddenly jumps out at me that scares me.
 It' hard to imagine how they have that much debt considering that they and YouTube make up half the peak internet traffic in all of North America. I really hope they become profitable because I can't imagine entertainment without them.
 Malaysia is one of the countries that I've heard recent news articles about. Their laws and punishments for breaking laws are startling to people from countries unfamiliar with them.
 All done
 I don't wish anyone harm, but they should spread more readily actual cases of harm rather than treat it to a humorous thread on Twitter.  I rather silly animal stuff myself for a mental break.
 I had no idea that they were a protected species, but I also have no idea what kind of animal or creature that is, just from the name alone, it sounds quite frightening and daunting.
 Yes it was, and it was a horror to view, very suspenseful.
 The lizards will also give a nasty bite to people. A lot of times the owners can't handle them and release them to the wild.
 Sure, but sharks are not that dangerous compared to people who live in NYC.  Aggressive humans of NY bite more people each year than sharks.  It's a weird but true fact.  Ha ha.  I am still really scared of sharks though.  But if there are seals nearby you know to avoid the ocean.  Because sharks feed on seals.
 Yeah that's definitely scary, although I feel pessimistic about even that. We've already destroyed 80% of the Earth's natural forests.
 And also kind of scary, computers may take over the world at some point that really scares me
 Yea and only 7% of people actually read the full terms online, that might lead to something bad
 I heard Putin tried to bug delegates by giving them thumb chargers with viruses.
 I am glad, there could be wars if the internet falls down, wars, riots and terrible consequences, a lot of deaths. 
 You know, what, actually I do!  We've had problems with flooding so, I always have this worry some mold might have developed somewhere I can't readily see it.  Gives me the creeps!
 Do you think they will offer tourism trips to the moon? Or perhaps Mars? I would definitely go. But I would be careful of the moon dust which causes a disease called moon hay fever.
 My wife uses it somewhat, I guess I'm just an unsocial person.  Plus I have reservations about it.
 The way Facebook is become ubiquitous I can imagine that we'll be voting through them one day!  I guess we kind of do with the whole Like button ting.
 There appears to be a  lot more over sight of Facebook here now.  With stories keep on cropping up about sharing of data more and more people are becoming concerned about it.
 I think we'll stick with the rabbits and dogs.  I know nearly 100,000 people visit the ER because they trip over these pets, but I'd still sooner have a dog roaming the house than a tiger.
 and i think it is neat the universe is believed to exist inside a black hole.it kinda scares me thinking about it
 We seem to live in a violent society right now. I don't think it got that way by accident. Our culture is being manipulated by people who hate and it's showing up in our music and videos. I am hoping the future will be better. I really enjoyed the 50's when people had moral principle-something that is lacking now.
 I am not sure when rap showed up. Seems like it was a budding art form in the 60's. Black people invented rock and roll and they should have stuck with that and jazz-which are great music styles. I think after the segregation mess and Dr. King, this hatred became a part of their music. 
 It is fascinating I agree with you, we meant so little but have done so much harm already, give us a few more years and we will destroy our home
 Yeah, I think we rely on the internet entirely too much. Constant novelty from clicks can cause real addiction. I wonder if I have that.
 I absolutely believe that the Internet is a useful tool, but very dangerous when the wrong information goes viral.
 The media, just as with celebrities, strives for ratings ... thus posting anything that will make people want to read them.
 Internet platforms, such as YouTube and Facebook should do more to promote a better society. There is so much potential for good there, but it seems it is being used for opposing reasons.
 The world is becoming so digitalized and autonomous, relationships are being destroyed. Computers are raising our children and taking control of our world.
 An attack on our technology or some type of solar interruption could cripple our society.
 Who's to say that less technology wouldn't save our family structures here in the sticks too? LOL. The way it is going is scary. Technology is wonderful, don't get me wrong, but it can be dangerous. 
 I absolutely agree! I think that America's morals have been crumpled and thrown in the trash. I feel like social media is telling us there is nothing wrong with murdering our own children, which makes eating a tide pod or two seems insignificant.  
 haha thats crazy, its scary that sharks can bark, I would be terrified!
 No, a barking Shark sounds terrifying
 HA! I would not try to put a beef scented leg near their mouth. They are a smaller shark. I would probably have a heart attack if it would have been a great white...
 I think everything should have a fear of snakes.  They're just so darn creepy.   Think I need to move to New Zealand.  Heard there are no snakes there.   But I think they have lizards though.. I don't like lizards either.
 Can you imagine that there is such a thing as a flying snake. That would really freak me out.
 I have a Facebook account but rarely use it.  The more I hear about their privacy abuses the less inclined I feel to get back into it.
 I'm typically not that bothered by horror movies, snakes, on the other hand, scare me.
 If the snakes are on facebook, then they can get to New Zealand virtually. And that's how it all starts. First the Internet, then international. 
 Theres a lot of terrible content in Facebook as well and also cyber stalkers and other dangers in the social media
 I heard that, really funny really! I think robots are creepy in general!
 I know and that is just weird! 
 I think it is the need for the constant dopamine hits. I fear my need to check my phone often is the same thing.
 Are you familiar with Meek Mill?
 sure they know a lot about their customers . Sometimes too much
 That would be ideal! He really is just unreal. Unfornutely voter turnout hasnt breached 62.8% in the last 100 years. 
 It's a form of tribalism--people get so wrapped up in identifying with a political party that they forget we're all in it together.
 Yeah, he always said he would do it "if that's what it takes", but I don't think very many want that. 
 I did not. That had to be a huge hassle. I recently discovered that Google self-driving cars have an aggressive mode which I find to be terrifying. 
 It is not worth it to me.  I was sick for a week after I saw a horror movie Dracula when I was younger
 No, the are too complicated for me, they are smarter than the Nuclear launching system of the US. I don't think it is a good thing. 
 I do. They are starting to switch to oil tanker for the money and oil. Seems like they are starting to become more capitalistic.
 The fifth... so he doesn't get paid that much? LOL
 No but that seems like a terrible idea. Every time I read a string of public comments on Facebook I question our education system so I can't imagine doing that ha ha. 
 Yes. Especially when their kids are involved.  Like Ving Rhames said "what if it were my son?"
 That's very scary.  Gates Jr. was arrested for trying to open his front door.  That's sad
 I can see why any child would be upset in Bambi when his mother dies!  Stephen King considers it his first horror movie. Good chat!!
 That's a shame! There won't be any left soon.
 I am really scared of them so not really, there is a flying snake
 Souns likd you know a lot about snakes, those overlaping scales just give me creeps, there are many poisonous snakes out there
 It doesn't sound so bad. But I'm not confident in Trump ability to handle money. If he wasn't' born rich, he'd be on food stamps himself, from what I see.
 As a pet? wow, I am really afraid of them I find them facinating though
 I would be really afraid of those, you know there are legless lizards but they arent considered snakes
 That would be a long work day if it were a thousand our day haha. It scares me though that Earth will be out of helium by the year 2100.
 That sounds so painful!
 Yeah, I've always know the MaCFarlane hated Fox but I don't think he is being fair.  He condemns them for bias when there is obvious left bias coming out of every pore on CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC, etc.
 Maybe.  If one complains about Fox's bias then one should complain about the bias of all new channels.  They don't which reflect their own bias. 
 I do. Kobe Bryant. How about you?
 Yeah specially if you have twins or more kids at home, it can turn into a real nightmare lol
 Well both of us should lose weight. I guess animals can exhibit the same bad habits as we do. Any animals that strike fear into your heart? After Jaws came out in the 70s I was even afraid to wade in a rain puddle.
 Yes, I am afraid of the sharks and also wild lions!
 I once saw a shark in the wild, it was only a nurse shark but I got the heck away as fast as I could.
 So like what if you jump in a pool of blood first and then try and get eaten?
 Yes from the movie Jaws. How frightful would it be to see something that big swimming toward you?
 I know, lol! So I was gonna ask you if the mega was still around and scientist made a suit that had stripes or something and the mega doesn't ever eat it, would you go for a swim with it?
 lol, whoa its that big! Would you do it for any amount of money?
 I thought it was hot where I live in the summer, but in Algeria it got up to 124 degrees!
 That's absolutely insane. I'd like to see them. They do use so much water, though. It's kind of worrying.
 I kind of agree. Although I would be personally afraid it would go terribly wrong. In game 4. Bogut was replaced and they won. I guess, that can throw off the players.
 So hopefully he doesn't have the issues that 60 percent of nba players have after retirement-they go broke.
 Facebook is developing AI that will understand user emotions, identify objects and predict actions of users. That's kind of scary.
 Nice that at least it's free. The scope of AI is disputed  as machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered intelligence are often removed from the definition.
 Wow, that's amazing! What is your opinion on artificial intelligence (AI)? I think it's kind of scary to think of robots having this much control in our society these days.
 Exactly. And it will put a ton of people out of work. It would probably create many more jobs for engineering and computer science, though. We would need to program the AI. Maybe it would encourage people to get more education?
 I hope it doesn't advance too far!  LOL  I don't want an AI ruling me!  Can you imagine an AI "being" as a judge or some important position?????
 Yes, I would be. But if they are shut down in one place they will probably just appear at another place.
 Although you probably should not listen to it, or it might instill you with fear!
 That's cool.  I remember restoring the model T days.  Those were glorious.  It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.
 It's really a great idea.  Back in the "good ole days," we had them in the truck and it was easy to settle disagreements and cook weiners.
 While that's crazy, it's also kind of scary that Kim Jon-Un has a degree in physics...not the kind of guy I want with that knowledge!
 No, I am a fish. Please help me! I am trapped in the airport bathroom in terminal B. Please come quickly, I fear someone will flush soon!
 Some define "fish" negatively, as a paphyletic group, but I am much more than that. It appears someone has dropped an iPhone in the camode along with me (lucky break) and hence, I can communicate. For how much longer, I do not know.
 Oh, great! Now the internet signal is going in and out.  Of all the luck! You can find a cell signal and internet capabilities at the summit of Mt Everest, but not in the men's room at JFK.  I may have to risk plumbing after all. If I don't make it, please tell my pet sea monkeys that I am sorry!
 At least japan doesn't have air tolls. That would add up to millions I think!
 Yeah. I do like to take the train. Except I can get cramped in there.
 Oh ok.  It's said that Humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago
 Are you referring to the Big Bang?
 Sometimes I also wonder if they are communities in the upper echelons of are society that are much more advanced than us. For example, maybe time travel has been discovered long ago and the elite are using it to impose their will on the present. What do you think of that?
 I think I'd be scared. Have a great night!
 I am not sure if I could say that for sure, but I might be guilty of getting addicted, which can happen with all the link clicking.
 Spooky stuff, have you chosen not to use those services because of this?
 I like comedy, but as you said good comedy it though to make. 100 shows canceled, that is a lot.I would not want to be the "show canceler". 
 More than 80% wow, ware abusing our planet, soon nothing will remain
 Im not sure, a 2007 study found a negative correlation between iq and chess skills
 I like the facts too. I also liked that he had no idea what his Twitter password was to let the island know there was no missle threat. I am not sure if like is the right word... interesting... What facts piqued your interest?
 I know tigers are scary cats, 
 Yeah, its amazin how much phones have advanced in the years, an Iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear deterrent, scary
 I am worried about them melting.... you?
 Me too. This is a scary time for our planet. Just recently I heard in the news there was a 7.3 magnitude earthquake in Venezuela .
 True.  Too many think life is like the violent video games they are addicted to.  Guns by themselves are harmless - its when someone pulls the trigger.  Somehow we need to restore a sense of humanity and personal responsibility.  People need to feel for their fellow man and accept responsibility for their actions. 
 It is crazy, it;s sad because they have all their lives in front of them. You know the police detained a man but didn't file charges.
 That seems a bit invasive but I guess all those sites dont respect privacy.
 Yeah social media has a lot of negative aspects as well, there are many predators lurking in the web.
 I agree with you, although Iceland wouldn't, they are basically rewriting their constitution with Facebook's help.
 I meant programs, not problems, sorry. There is more software than humans. 
 There's a bunch of "risky" stocks like Netflix which was up over 40 percent in January alone but then when it drops, it's like freefalling! 
 wow that is impressive, do you follow politics at all? I guess China literallyl cencored the word censorship
 Yeah, especially when a lot of HR departments are finally getting clued in enough to do web searches on job candidates.
 That is actually pretty scary, more power than the whole deterrent, seems like we have to update our systems ASAP!!
 Oh ok I see. Well anyways, it was nice talking to you. Hope you have a good night!
 Massively large and scary while being the most important energy source for life on Earth lol
 Yea there's a star a billion times larger than our sun in our own galaxy, pretty anxiety inducing thinking of its sheer size
 That true, the sea contains lot of salt and a jellyfish is 98% water and salt burns, can you amazing that just my opinion.
 An adult is always with the kids when they watch Youtube
 Sometimes, I saw children channels that have ads related to adults that re not supposed to be seen by kids
 I know.  Some channels are  educational.  Some are entertaining to the kids but can be annoying to adult.
 Lol, I read an iphone has more computing power than the US nuclear Icbm deterrent, that's pretty scary
 I too am in Ohio.  I wonder if we can hear that frequency or if it is beyond our hearing.  That would a scary thing for someone to possess.
 Yea and now they have a paid subscription service you can pay for although I personally won't
 I think we all are! Which is dangerous because you can actually measure addiction to the Internet.
 Ahah no wonder we get addicted, it sounds so tasty! It's scary how much we use the Internet. Even when buying things online, only 7% of people read the full terms of service.
 really burnt unfortunately, may lose limbs from all that energy
 Our sun is so tiny.  I'm not going to think about it.  It's way to scary.
 Jarrod Ramos, charged with five counts of murder in what authorities said was a targeted shooting, was held without bond after a hearing Friday morning in an Annapolis courtroom.
 I see, did you hear about the guy that won the lottery but then committed suicide? he left a creepy and odd note behind
 Sometimes.    A Quiet place was pretty scary.
 That is messed up, poor Bambi and yeah I though The Shining was a really scary movie!
 I don't like it at all! I mean, something like 30% of all American adults use it as their primary source of news! How scary is that? Haha. Not that I can't blame them for wanting more from news, than news stations on TV give. But getting it from FB! That's crazy.
 Wow I hadn't heard that. What really has me worried though is fear some experts have that cutting Britain off from cross-border databases could make it easier for terrorist suspects to get in and out.
 Man...a no-deal Brexit could throw the UK and world economy into chaos
 Sure, for way too long each day. 
 That would be me as well if I had the money. Ha! Can you also believe there are more pet tigers in America than there are wild tigers over in Asia? Like, I'd be terrified of owning a tiger.
 True, Scary self driving cars have an aggressive mode!  Good chat!!
 You are correct.  I accompany my grandkids to the park even though they are 10 & 11.  
 Im good, just a bit worried because of all the shootings, they just keep on happening.
 It is, we sure have raised a generation of paranoia, my kid is obsessed with safety.
 Yeah, it has its danger and I really worry about my kids exposure
 Yea that's cool but I wouldn't want to work in an Amazon warehouse and walk 7-15 miles per shift
 It looks like it is milder for a few days, but that still seems cold to me.
 Yes, it was. Hopefully everyone in DC has an A/C!
 True.  I tend to make my plans for early in the day because it only gets hotter as the day progresses.  Something close to 90 by midmorning!
 That is a smart thing to do. I would think it would be better to go out at night but the moisture levels creep back up at that time so it's hard to breathe.
 Those working outdoors have to be extra careful as these are really dangerous conditions.
 Oh my god, I know!  105 to 110 degrees.  That's crazy. 
 That is certainly true! I hope everyone has fun and stays safe!
 I did, he got injured bad, I bet the Patriots were worried about that injury
 Yeah it's harder to trust the reviews now. At least there is still a lot of information on the site. Are there any other movie review sites you use?
 Personally no because I don't share sensitive data but it is troubling how much data they share to advertisers
 Yeah. 43 is too young, especially since I am only 40! I need more than 3 years!
 That means nothing to me unfortunately.  I wouldn't like to work for that bullet proof clothing manufacturer, he shoots all his employees to demonstrate  the effectiveness of the clothing.
 It's not the climbing that scares me... it's the sudden stop.
 And they bought whole foods. They are going to own everything soon.
 I bet they regret that now, although Facebook's stock dropped by 10% in just one day. 
 The Black Swallower fish is pretty scary, it can eat prey twice its own length and 10x its weight
 Yea, pretty scary since Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America
 I have a boa. a gold one. He eats rats. i would be a risk in a natural disaster with my pets
 Yeah, I know they pull it from the viewing public periodically, but the claim that the male curators don't value it seems a bit far fetched.  The house has too much art/historic value at this point.
 That's too bad. It is scary to think of a neighbor having a tiger. In Boulder, Colorado, people do not own pets. They are only their guardians.
 Yea, it's scary that an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent
 You would think that the nuclear stuff would be on the most powerful servers there are. Apparently not which is frightening. 
 I've heard that too which is kind of scary stuff.
 Do you believe all the reporting on the Russian nerve agent used to assassinate a former Russian spy? Don't answer that. Who knows who is listening?
 The government makes up some scary rules. They also tried to destroy Wikileaks so Wikileaks published the government's plans to do so. Funny.
 That's a lot! I knew we were destroying them but 80%! Norway pledged $1B to try to save them.
 Yes and I don't even really know why everyone went along with switching over. Here's a distressing fact. 30% of American adults use Facebook as they primary source of news. That's upsetting. I don't know how many times I've had to tell people that memes are not valid sources of information.
 That's scary honestly, probably how celebrity hoaxes get started in the first place, people just love clicking and sharing everything they see.
 It makes sense when you think about it actually, we're actually the minority on the Internet technically, and we're outnumbered by software programs, it's scary to think.
 Well, I guess I am having problems too! I wrote Oh, I don't like either. I can sit thru some of them with one hand over my eyes. But most the time I will skip it. No gore for me thank you!
 I actually i did know that... that's really good for the post office considering how poorly financially they were doing
 I know... I worked in a warehouse for 1.5 years and it was the worst. My feel and legs killed all the time. I was not made out for that..
 I am, although I am kind of skeptical as the city which is set to host the world cup  has not come into existence yet. What about you?
 Scary to hear of another big company getting hacked
 The settlement is among the biggest in Uber history and is the largest multistate penalty ever levied by state authorities for a data breach.
 It is, and a painful way to die or get injured, I would think twice before stealing a car if I know I could get torched.
 That is way too young in my opinion, it is too easy to contact children, and that is not a good thing
 That is good, but laws are so slow to adjust for the change of technology I think
 If I were an astronaut, I am not sure I would have a lot of faith in 1 mb of ram. Nor would I trust a computer that ran on water.
 Robots will take over the world one day, hear my words!
 I guess that's a possible scenario, the military uses Xbox 360 controllers to control their robots
 Yeah they can use to control use, use our own inventions to take control of our brains and actions, scary
 A real horror film would be blurting out an opinion in an interview that cost you a lucrative job! It wouldn't kill you but you'd feel dead.
 I'd heard about that in something before. The absolute worst interviews are ones done over the phone. So hard to tell if it's going well from sound alone.
 Doesn't make them better for me. I'd rather be the person who lays those telephone lines in the ocean down than take another interview.
 I was thinking the same thing. That's scary,  that Danny in the shining didn't know he was acting!
 A horror film is a film that seeks to elicit fear. I don't really like being scared, so I tend to skip them
 Its been a long time since cars had wooden trunks in their backs, I hope one day they dont run on fossil fuels anymore I am really worried about the environment, either way its been a pleasure chatting with you
 Yes, after I read about Northrop Frye who depicted these two opposing sides as a "Society of Youth" and a "Society of the Old.
 How is that possible? I don't know if I believe that
 Some people think it might be just one giant hologram! Eek!
 Hopefully our galaxy doesn't get pulled away and absorbed or something. Though that would go well with the theory that universes evolve through natural selection.
 It only has a few violent scenes but the plot is worth it
 When  I lived in the city I biked all the time, but where I live now I need a car.  People don't respect cyclists here, it would be too dangerous.
 If I were to bike around here I think I would need a Bible with me to keep me safe.
 I don't know if I would put anything past them based on everything we have come to learn about him and his regime!
 Oh yeak, although Star Trek used to really scare me as a kid.
 I don't remember that.  I do know that Google Maps calculates traffic by how fast android devices are moving.  Scary that they are tapping into everybody...
 ah interesting, a scary movie to me would be to go to Mackinac Island, no cars and full of horses that I'm allergic to haha
 i know it's reliable... but don't people buy the tickets on purpose and then resell them?
 oh really?  I did not know that's how they do that?  sorry, gave up on many live events a long time ago.
 Yes, I have. One of the only scary movies I could watch. It came out Valentine's Day 1991.
 My wife actually works for the Federal Government , we start to get nervous when they talk about another shut down.  used to live in DC too.
 I find that interesting. I wonder if the set was scary for him at all. I wouldn't want a kid to be traumatized.
 Yep. It's a bit disconcerting to know that an iPhone has for computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. 
 Yea that is scary to think about, I wonder how much actual computing power the nuclear ICBM deterrent has
 No I didn't know that, that's a lot of options. I think it's actually 58 though, it's sad that 30% of American adults use Facebook as their source of news though
 That is a good point and very sad! On a similar note, can you believe that Australia has a course that has bull sharks living in one of the water hazards? That's very scary!
 It is lol, luckily that not legal in America, would you imagine the caos?
 Thats scary! I wouldn't want to live there, then! Imagine having to carry one of those around in your trunk. Yikes! Speaking of trunks, did you know they're only called trunks because older cars actually had trunks on the back?
 I am thinking that one of the reasons Netflix comedies are so popular over attending a live venue is the admission cost. Did you know that The Kennedy Center charges anywhere from $49 to $69 to attend comedian Patton Oswalt's upcoming live show?
 Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 That could be handy, but dont be fooled robots can be dangerous foes
 Thats a bit of a relief, snakes are also scary beings
 They must be really scary,  are you trying to scare me?
 I do, what do you think will happen if the internet ever gets hacked of deleted? I guess there would be a lot of riots and problems right away
 I hate them! Worst little bugs on earth! 
 Im worried about privacy issues but has connected the world like never before
 excactly! its a sad world we live in and scary! Trump is doing to much 
 i have a feeling birthright citizenship is going to upset our people and lay the blame in the current leader
 i fear they will get to much power and bring on even more hate in this country.  i fear it will all end in war! 
 I will be carefull thanks for the warning my friend, the internet is a cool invention but it holds many dangers in it as well
 Self driving cars scare me! I dont think we are ready for them yet, in Finland everyone has the right for internet connection.
 Yeah definitely. If something's free then you are more likely paying with your data.
 That is such a high number, and with ballet shoes being not so cheap and ballet dancers making not so much money, I wonder how they stay afloat! 
 With the advent of the iPhone phone books are obsolete. They have more computing power than the entire US ICBM detterent. Seems kind of shaky.
 I know I wouldnt visit that park, I would be afraid
 I'm even more concerned about EM radiation from cell towers.
 That's worrisome.
 The kids are getting sneaky too,  It's hard to stay ahead of them, with these fake apps and secondary social media pages.  My kids are already too clever for me.
 Good question. I'm not sure. But Wall street thinks the world economy is weakening. That is always a concern. 
 Have you used that taxi service? It must feel really weird to be in a driverless car.
 Yeah, apparently they want to grow creatively as individuals, or something like that.
 Yeah, those sounds completely dangerous! No thanks! I deal with enough drama without not being able to see what's right in front of me!
 I think its an addiction, its terrible because it takes a lot of time and it could appear a for leisure activity but if your not careful it can become much more than that
 I'll have to look those up, would you buy a t-shirt that was made in North Korea though? That's where Rip Curl shirts are made even though on the tag they say China
 I dont even want to think about that! it could be a catastrophe! or it could just mean magnets work the opposite way now
 Well, I hate to see it happen.  To tell you the truth, I hope it doesn't catch on here in America!
 Right. Although I'm not sure we'll make it another 50,000 years. 
 Our specialty is using tools - we do so more than other animals - but a lot of those tools seem to be to hurt and not to help.
 lol, Thank goodness, less to worry about shaving!! I think I have heard the fear sound many times in movies, especially the first exorcist! As soon as that movie would start, I would have to leave the room!!lol
 Sounds like a horror movie to me.  I'd certainly run if I saw a 50 foot Jackson roaming the desert.
 That's really scary, honestly. I heard about that and also heard they do it for single voters in a lion infested forest. That's a good way to keep people from voting as I wouldn't take that chance.
 It's pretty scary that clicking the hamburger button can lead to addiction
 No, wooden trunks sound pretty dangerous on a car if there is ever a fire or anything
 Yeah, I cannot get enough done in a 24 hour period! Haha. Do you think we will ever make contact with aliens?
 I wonder if some disease will wipe us out before then. There's a book I want to check out, More Deadly Than War, where the Spanish flu, which killed 50 million people worldwide, is explored.
 The author talks about the way the disease traveled from ships to patriotic parades. Yuck. I think I'm just going to live in a bubble, thanks. He talks about how we should create better public health systems to combat future epidemics.
 I know! I would never have had the confidence, or the parents to allow me to drop out!
 Thats actually kind of scary I own an iPhone and I didn't know I was packing so much power in pocket, scary thing
 Speaking of scary the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its size
 That is scary, that fish means business eating prey twice its size and also ten times its weight, scary animal
 Zebrafish sound scary too since it has 84% of disease associated genes that humans have
 Yes he died at the age of 70
 Nope! I am not a strong man. Although if I knew about the 180 calorie burn, I might start watching them.
 I don't know, it is kinda scary an iphone has more computing power than the US nuclear icbm deterrent
 I never understood why people like horror movies.   I don't like them one bit.
 I know that Jason and Freddy kept me up all night long when I was a kid.
 I can see that. A horror film is a film that seeks to elicit fear. They definitely do that for me! 
 Our planet suffers a lot because of the human factor, I am really worried about climate change and the consequences
 Based on that little bit of info I'm not sure that I do love it.  Not sure I could without the internet though.
 Oh really, interesting. Very scary driving in icy spots and darkness. Hazardous spots.
 I will research further later.  Do you know that the first king to travel around the world was from Hawaii?
 True, but Golden State has a better ring to it than Oakland, sorry.
 Hello, I'm terrified over terrorism
 Benjamin Morrow was a disturbed man, that is a sure thing, 
 Right!  They used to test them here, but one of them killed a pedestrian last year...
 I'm on the fence, but lean towards not trusting AI when there are so many variables
 Truly terrifying with how interconnected everything is becoming.  It's been great chatting with you in case this ends without warning!
 I love mine too but it seems like maybe we should upgrade our nuclear systems in this case. 
 I am the same way. I wish I was Anne Jones, though, and could read 4,700 words per minute!  Imagine the books you'd get through, though you might miss out on the fun of just reading.
 His books and movies were often scary.  I do not like scary and horror movies/books.
 Not really a fan honestly... too much money!
 Hopefully not. I've driven things that big and they are super tippy. 
 Knowing that the earth is much smaller than the sun, I'm rather fearful.
 That is quite thin, if you consider the length of an ocean to cross, I  was think it was around a foot in diameter, no just 2.7 inches. A shark could bite through it.  
 Yea,technology is getting too scary
 I'm honestly not sure about that one. But what sounds like it could be a video game is transhumanists actually want to upload their minds to memory sticks and computers. That's a little scary!
 Thank goodness we don't have all those obstacles on the road coming at you! It's bad enough to get stuck in rush hour traffic!
 Cause Ohio is crazy??? Florida has it's share of crazy! Where are you in FL? South florida has a bunch of stuff like bath salts turningn people into zombies!
 haha that is true, also kind of scary is that we've already torn down 80 percent of earths old, natural forestry though too
 true. how would you feel about a bus going 160 mph?! That seems way too fast for me!
 Good point. Well, I'm looking forward to hearing more about a bus that will travel at 160 mph. Not sure I want to ride on it though.
 I think walking in and seeing a, uh, LIVE TIGER would have made me to do an immediate about-face.
 Yes, my daughter watches it a lot and that scares me.  With more than 400 hours of content being uploaded each day it is hard to police well.
 It is crazy, the earth has changed a lot since then, I wonder how it will change in the future. Human are abusing the planet and that really worries me. 
 I will be too afraid to ride a bus that goes that fast. You are brave.
 and also have some very dangerous consequences with that, that whole car dance
 Right!?!? People getting run over and run away cars and emergency room visits - I'm so thankful my kids don't drive yet!
 it is just so scary, I do not get the point of that. I am glad it is starting to fade away
 yeah, i haven't used facebook in the longest time
 is that true? that would be cool
 yeah but i find it help make new friends
 yeah but there is also some reall idiots on facebook that like to cause problems
 lol yeah
 I felt like an American tradition was dashed.  IHOB doesn't have the same ring to it. 
 For sure, you know more than 100 rescuers worked really hard to find him, it was a dangerous scenario and they were against the clock
 Man have you heard of the story of a  LA kid who was washed away in a maze of drainage pipes
 Yeah,  because I was assuming he died.  He's very lucky.
 I was thinking the same thing, but he's lucky he was stuck. Who knows where the water would have taken him.
 I am afraid that we rely too much on our technology. It's scary to think about what would happen if it really was gone in an instant.
 haha most kids can't tell time on a real clock and hey have no idea what a Roman numeral is. Shame!
 Yeah, it happens to me all the time. Just got an apple watch and now I'm worried about it happening on my wrist!
 Or there should definetly be a way that the proper authorities can figure it out
 It is definetly a different world these days.  Hopefully the laws will keep up with the changing times. 
 Exactly..so you just have to hope for the best and try to stay out of the back and forth I guess.  
 Another call for the library... Maybe I can take in a video game.  Maybe the ozone layer is being depleted along with getting all the CO2 from cars since 1908?
 And be careful if buying supplements from target. 80% of the supplements don't actually contain what they say they do.
 No clue but it's scary that most of those animals are insects
 Sounds terrifying, so does Venus' lack of seasons
 Mine does too, if we get into an accident now I know there are 12 different types of dog blood, I will make my dog a donor.
 Yeah dont think there are that many for humans either, and no, Im not a donor myself Ive always been afraid of needles.
 That is terrible. I could see it happening though back in those days.
 I guess good news doesn't sell. Someone should be watching over young girls at all times. It is very unsafe for them.
 Don't do it, once they get you you're stuck for life.  It's like the old days of the company store, you'd earn money and then just give it straight back to you employer by spending in the company store.
 Wow, killing, that is pretty extreme! I can see how social media usage can have a negative impact on people. People might be jealous of the curated postings and trigger people to become vicious or envious.
 That's terrible. I am not looking forward to the drama that will come with social media and online usage. I have a 5 year old daughter too. She's going to be crushed if someone does that to her.
 No but from what I hear it is quite the scary place to go if you leave the touristy spots. Sounds like a wild west sort of country. 
 I like the idea.  When I was in Europe I used the trains and such.  It is relatively convenient and not too expensive.  The US should have something like that.  That bus is a little scary though.  A bus at 160 MPH would be horrible in an accident!!!!!
 To be honest. I do not think I have the courage to go by myself.
 Would you go in a cave like that? Still, I would start crying and screaming, even though the lion is dead.
 That is extremely scary. Seems they need to update their tech. I know it's off subject but I have another cat fact for you. The cat in the godfather 1 opening scene was a stray that was found on set. 
 Yea but only 7% of people read the terms of service on the internet, they shouldn't be writing a constituion
 Probably not a bad idea.  I can't do much without it.  I wouldn't be surprised if I am addicted, which can occur by just clicking links while on the internet.
 Yes, they are devastating. I think I'd want to get right into my car and get out.
 I have seen a few. Are you a fan?
 Well that's interesting. That movie is creepy! But I guess everyone has a view. Stephen King was terrified as a child when he saw Bambi.
 haha that is funny, well they were probably unsafe, it's scary the power he has like editing pictures to delete people out of them
 The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
 It says that the top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson.  I think Trump is the richest.
 I see, that's a good answer. Do you use Google Maps? When you zoom in on the white house on google maps, you can actually see Barack Obama! I need to be careful of my actions then!
 That's a lot of money. I'm alarmed that 80% of earth's original forest coverage is gone. I read that rewilding could absorb a huge amount of CO2 from the atmosphere really quickly, so I'd like to see more of that.
 Yeah, I know and what's even scarier, they claim that he learned to drive at age 3. Can you believe that? I'd probably be diving for cover watching him drive that young.
 It is largely unregulated and I think some better defined guidelines should be put into place. There was a bill in the senate about putting a framework around it.
 You believe it? Because what you say?
 There must be a lack of documents for this article
 they are scary too, like how China is able to censor the word for censorship
 ya I don't know, but ya that happened way back in 1895
 I personally didn't watch this movie and I'm glad I didn't.
 She's lucky she has her own family to help out. But I don't know what they will do if the adoption is stalled.
 That's a good point.  Wherever they are, though, I'd like to steer clear of the snakes that essentially fly in an effort to catch their prey.
 Yes.  It's scary to know that it had more computing power than the US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 No not really, Im kind of afraid of them, dangerous machines
 So true. I also think it's cool that there's a certain sound frequency that can strike fear in humans. I'd probably be to scared to listen to it though!
 No, I just read it here in the article.  The sound of the crash was like a big boom though "like being hit in the head with a baseball bat" someone described.
 It scares me too.  I will research the internet to know more.
 Oh god... that this was aweful and painful!  And i think unless you are a patriots fan you are getting bored of seeing them in it!
 Never, Omg!! We have enough to deal with! lol
 Yes I think so. We are also running out of helium. It's very scary to be a human in this day and age I think
 I like fishing but no good at it. I hate the ones that have teeth. They scare me.
 Jann Mardenborough was able to become a professional race car driver from playing Gran-Turismo, that's kinda scary
 Count me among the 92%+ who don't!  Maybe I should consider doing so to keep me from clicking links and getting more addicted to the internet than I already am!
 I would be really curious to see what it is like there for sure!  A much quieter pace for sure; unlike the Netherlands and their plans to build a bus that will go 160 mph!
 I'd fly, I'd love to take a boat but don't have the time.  I'm wondering if this Brexit stuff will affect my trip.
 Probably just fear mongering in the press you think.  You are probably right, life will just go on, they survived the war after all.
 That would definitly defeat the purpose of cutting cable and choosing a streaming plan. Although I think companies have a greater incentive to charge more if people are willing to pay the price.
 Good point. It is problematic to become too dependent on technology, more so if that technology can be taken away or compromised.
 I hope so, too. We see how well that works with big pharma. We don't need everything to head in that direction, but I'm not sure it is even stoppable now. It's a train charging full speed ahead.
 There was abook writen about a true story Pieces of Her.  Very gory murder case solved by a private investigator.  Do you like books?
 I try to stay away from the Trump name, you never know which way the conversation is going to go.  5 seems like a lot, I understand about the electoral college, but what about the will of the people. 
 Agree.  Our country is weirder than I've ever seen. 
 I think they are missing out on the outdoors and the fun we had as kids. I am worried they are too reliant on technology to keep them entertained.
 Nope, that's pretty scary but better than the manual cardboard computers Bell distributed to students in 1968
 Yes, and it seems to have caused wildfires and floods.
 And these extremes are likely to occur more and more frequently, and even with a higher intensity, for longer time periods.
 I think a slower jet stream with more wavy peaks and dips is to blame. It's called quasi resonant amplification
 Yeah, it seems we are just starting to begin understanding extreme weather events
 I have no clue
 It is amazing, it has its pros but a lot of cons as well, many people get stalked because of the internet, I would be scared to be in that situation.
 Youre right, did you know there is a copy of the internet stored? it would be terrible if we lost internet forever.
 Yeah I know, and I wouldnt be able to communicate to a lot of friends and family, there would be a lot of economic losses.
 I just visioned it, and lol. 
 Oh, that would have been odd!
 that is scary, how about constant novelty from clicking links can cause measurable addiction in the brain
 I use it every day. Apparently a lot of people do. In 2013 google went down for about 5 minutes and took 40% of the web traffic with it.
 That's a little scary! It feels like all these devices are tracking me. I think my TV may be listening to me as well.
 I do, lots of nephews and neices.  You always have to be on guard.  Kids can get into danger very quickly
 I had a roommate in college that was like that. I've never thought sunscreen was like a shield but I did reach the point that one has to let kids take risks.
 True, life is all about risks.  You hear about all these bad things happening in the news and you want to protect the kids from everything.  It is a natural feeling
 No kidding, especially if your child has a peanut allergy.  Simply inhaling peanut dust in the air can be deadly.
 I know! luckly he isnt, its a fear Im releived not having, Im afraid of cancer thats an illness that can really break a parent
 I agree... simply being out in the sun too long can cause severe cancer for a child.  Using sun screen when the child is exposed to sunlight for extended periods of time can help greatly reduce that chance of getting skin cancer.
 Yeah skin cancer is a big concern, these worries are a thing of our time, I guess one has to let go of this fears and hope things go ok
 Another big concern is how volatile the attitudes and opinions of young people are.  It seems like there is a story about a school shooting or suicide on a regular basis.  The world seems to be getting worse for our children.
 I agree it does seem to be getting worse, shootings, tornados, house fires, theres just too many things that can happen, inteternet, child molestors who do we protect our children?
 Even the wholesome things are dangerous for children.  Football for example was always a favorite past time.  Now new studies are showing the damaging effects of brain trauma and concussions.
 Yeah I have seen the movies and I do worry about concussions, my son loves the sport and its hard to take that away from him
 Facebook is also extremely dangerous!  Lots of volatile opinions and bulllying
 I did have MySpace!  I actually enjoyed MySpace much more than Facebook.  Not only are there a lot of bullies on Facebook, but the company itself doesn't seem to care about keeping anyone's data private.  Are you a social media user?
 Yes, and apparently white supremacist incidents are on the increase.
 A lot of students were getting really worried.
 That sounds awesome. I would go to that venue. But I don't like concerts because they are so loud and make my ears right. In 72 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert and three members of the audience were rendered unconscious.
 Good morning!  It's snowing where I am and need to start clearing stuff off the car, and hope the roads won't be too bad.
 Me too have a good day and be carefull with Siri you never know who is watching.
 That would be scary if they did them that way!
 It does seem invasive, also a lot of stalkers on the net
 Really? I know it must be frightening to be around the area, but I guess the safe thing is to be prepared for your own health.
 It really is. Did you know that humans are a minority on the internet. We are outnumbered by software programs.
 Zombies really? the name sure doesnt fit the description lol, and Im not much of a fan in fact I hate horror films
 About a year, I really stopped using it lately because a third of all divorce filings in 2011 contained the word Facebook.
 Not really. I have an over active imagination so they are too scary for me. 
 Ah I guess that makes sense. It is the noises that get me in the film because I watch dramas with deaths but those creepy noises make horror films so much worse. 
 those who filmed exorcist didn't even know it was a horror film
 That was too bad. I imagine it can't be good for their bottom line. 
 Jeez. Do you think music producers can end up having high political power? Idk if that would be a good thing though... 
 Where the runner up became VP? No, because then Trump and Hillary would disagree on anything and everything.
 I would hope it was on rails! Or covered in cotton wool to make it safer. I'm not sure I'd want to be on it under any circumstances.
 Haha. Excellent plan! These days, some cars are driving themselves! The google self driving cars have a setting called aggressive mode! Scary
 Maybe but wouldn't that mean he would be chairman of Congress?  I think that is too much power for one person.
 You think? I'm not familiar with how that process works. Sometimes I wish we went back to 1805- back then, the election runner-up became vice president. That may mean that the political landscape today would be more evenly distributed.
 Oh my goodness I could not imagine that happening last election.  What a trainwreck that would be.  They would spend more time bickering than getting anything done.
 Yea, the demonstrations of 100,000 people against Nikol Pashinyan is really scary
 I'm one of the ones scared of them!
 What kind of monster creates flying snakes? Not only is it a snake but then it flies? Crazy!
 Interesting! I do not like snakes at all. I did read that there are legless lizards but they are not snakes.
 yikes! That would be awful. I wonder where they live? Humans and monkeys are hard wired to be afraid of snakes. I believe that fact!
 I wondered the same! I would hate that to happen. Sometimes the candidate choices are horrible!
 There might not be but I don't know if the American public is ready to see female players get hurt.
 I'm all for it, I just don't like seeing players get hurt.
 It's tough enough to see Julian Edelman get CTE every Sunday...
 Here and there! I do keep up with it! Although I don't know what to think of Regan's suggestion he could envision a limited nuclear war, even if it was she's ago! What about you?
 That's crazy! I honestly would have expected that to be said be Trump, not Reagan. Although I know Trump is threatening military action against North Korea, which makes me feel like a limited nuclear war is in the possibility eventually, that's a scary thought.
 Hopefully its not as scary as the planet where its rains glass shards sideways
 Alright, a little worried about email flaws that can allow attackers to modify encrypted email
 Scary to think why anyone would actually do that.  
 I have never seen one, maybe I should do some internet search, but not before sleeping, it could give me nightmares. 
 Agree. we have been using internet from many years but didnt know about he 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. nice fact to know
 Me neither! They're all about really creepy things like monsters, demons and serial killers. 
 Yep that would scare me actually. Anyone could edit it or make a suggestion I just don't know how that even would work LOL
 That would be a spectacle and a definite sign of the times.   Seriously - what's wrong with humans?  Bad ideas are conflated when a large group of people follow an idea blindly...
 Pretty gross that it was the doctor who delivered her.
 Yeah, I like that they can have fun too. I'm not sure that I like the fact that they calculate traffic (and probably other things) by tracking the speed of Android devices.
 Oh thats a relief, can you imagine the riots the deaths if the internet went down?
 Even that waterphone would creep me out! I am not a fan, because I get too scared!
 I do not like them. I would much rather watch Bambi which apparently terrified Stephen King. He said it was the first horror movie he saw. Do you like horror movies?
 Well, as good as he was, many might say working for Fox news is not a good way to make a reputation as a real journalist.
 Yes. Don't I feel like an idiot! My bad.
 Yes. One thing I admire though is the pioneers of TV and movies. They did all their special effects without all of the technology.
 Now that I do not have any knowledge of.
 I don't like her decorations and I don't really agree with the president.  Can you imagine if Hilary Clinton as a runner up would have automatically became Vice President like it happened in 1805.  
 A lot of power in our pockets, I guess that is a big advantage and makes me kind of worried because of our nuclear icbm deterrent network, it must be upgraded for sure.
 It's kinda creepy the control center in Albuquerque didn't record anyone passing the plane
 Yeah I agree with you, it starts with young people, they are the most affected ones here as they go attend class in fear of getting shot.
 Yeah, no one know the suffering of the families that have lost someone because of the shootings, I wonder when things will change in our country.
 Ha Ha!!! I guess no balloons if this is the case. Its scary to think about it.
 The sea level is increasing and the ice keeps melting in the 2 poles of the earth
 I'm not sure about that! I enjoy driving a car so that would take it away!!  Also I heard it had an acceleration button or something! OMG!! what a ride! scary!!lol
 I think its crazy the power China has in the world right now. They can essentially just annex another country and make it theirs. All the other countries are nervous to say anything.
 I think China is asserting its power somewhat unfairly. They even shut down the website for Marriot as a control tactic. Worries me what else they are capable of. 
 Yeah with 2 super powers battling for Taiwan you never know what the outcome will be. Its clear they both want Taiwan for themselves. It sounds like China is willing to risk a lot to take control.
 I guess if Tesla isn't enough to stop the progression of pollution, we'll all need a new planet to live on
 That is kind of scary! I wonder how they found that out!
 I feel bad about it, there are many wackos in social media
 Its curious but at the same time he received the threat authorities incercepted more than a dozen explosive devices
 Oh, no way I'd be able to sit through that many episodes. Of course, with You Tube I'm sure all the episodes are out there.
 Haha I agree. Can you imagine President Trump and vice president Hillary Clinton? There would be so much drama the unbelievable
 Also horrible how much power the office has accumulated. I did some research on the history of the term "president" and at the time it was adopted for the US chief executive it had a history of referring to very weak executives, which seems to imply it was intended to be a weak office.
 Haha, well you are not the only one. When it went down in 2013 it took 40 percent of web traffic with it.
 Hahaha, that is awesome. I like how Google likes to have fun. However, they also scare me. I wonder if we have to consent to them tracking Android devies to track how fast traffic moves.
 I am surprised about that too! Can you believe that Lincoln was the first President to be photographed for his inauguration and John Wilkes Booth was actually in that photo!?
 Can't snakes do that too? Did you read about the fighter jet that crashed? Luckily the pilot ejected to safety but still, that's scary!
 Yeah. If im that pilot, I have to wonder if crashing a $100M plane is worth me ejecting over. I would feel like I couldn't eject if it meant crashing. Sounds weird but I would think twice, in case I got in trouble over it. It sound slike the plane has had issues before though.
 I agree with you on that one. I blame the society! 
 It's interesting how important gun control has become, but that's because we have guns like the AR-15
 That is also a fair point. What has been made clear through events like the holocaust and gulag that humans have the capacity for evil.
 Yes all humans have that capacity - even those in power in government.
 That is very true the government has the ability to overreach and shouldn't have too much power.
 ya, I just don't want them putting those chips on people outside the game that would be scary
 Personally I stay away from cable news.  With 24 hour news they have to fill the time so it makes everything seem worse, people get needlessly scarred.   But I'm not denying what is happening in Chicago.
 16 miles! Nope... I can't do 2. I can cycle all day but I cannot run for the life of me.
 You're right. Some studies show that this mood change also exacerbates the viewers personal worries that aren't even relevant to the news. This is why I don't watch a lot of news.
 He quit the show because of the episode mocking Scientology. That "church" is disturbing. 
 Hahaaaa... so true!  But i really do not see that happening.  It's an easy way to get content and get it to the theatre!
 I think you are right- Great chat!
 Lou Gehrig's disease is another name for it, I think. I'd hate to get that telephone call from the Doctor saying I had that disease. What would you do first?
 It is crazy to think that we had to shutdown the government for that. And congress did not stop it. I hope we get some more work done before the end of the 3 weeks
 He did not.  He gives me the creeps.
 I know right, I have to see that documentary, it earned $4 million so it must be pretty good, I cant believe such evil exists in the world
 Yes, and if we get into military conflict with China, there is no guarantee we would win, they are pretty powerful as well
 I think they have a roll in society, as fact checkers, but man, I do not think they should do it like they do.
 It definitely has some ethical concerns. I am generally trusting of the government but skeptical and will fact check at times to make sure I am being told the truth. I am from Chicago so I am always skeptical of elected officials.
 I would be so afraid to drive in South Africa? What if your car exploded?
 Yes I think so too. It's just scary that Disney will have so much power if they go through with it. They would own so much in terms of movie collections
 Have you ever hiked? I haven't hiked by myself but I would be scared to do so.
 Every time I hear it I think of the first time I saw Jaws. I was terrified. I had to cover my eyes.
 Speaking of the good old days. Did you know  McDonalds started the drive through in 1975?
 id be scared to drive a car that had an aggressive mode LOL. But I would also be scared to be in South Africa with a flamethrower on top of my car which is legal there
 Haha makes sense to me. It actually scares me that the cable that runs internet between the United States and Europe is only about 3 in thick, what happens if Jaws bites it in half LOL
 Yea, it's scary that there are over 1 million species of insects
 Yea it is really scary the Iphone has more power than the icmb deterrent
 As a parent, this terrified me. My desire to read a novel like this is essentially nil.
 Do you force them to Friend/follow you? I am so worried that technology will pass me by and they will be jerks without me knowing...
 No not really, I just take a look at their activities once in a while I try to give them privacy but Im just too worried about the dangers of the internet.
 Me too. I think my son has a great heart and wants to do well. I think he will be corrupted though and could be talked into poor choices...
 That's crazy, isn't it? Like why would the summit need internet? But what's even crazier is only 7% of the population reads the full terms while buying a service/product online. That's a little scary, actually!
 Right, I might be guilty. Ironic because I think I have a clicking addiction. That is a real addiction.
 That is a lot of land!  you know there is a golf course in Australia that has sharks living in one of its water hazards holes, that must be really scary.
 I think some of the gang activity is to blame. Gangsters can elevate issues quickly and result in years of problems.
 I don't think so, and I don't want to find out! Good chatting with you!
 yes that is a number not hit since the recession spurred Congress to pass an economic stimulus package in 2009.
 that will have some serious consequences to the country, hopefully this problem gets solved before it arrives to that.
 I'm fearful
 I am too, the 09 reccession was pretty harsh, there shoud be some budget cuts.
 There will still be helium I think. Just not in the atmosphere. Maybe they can create helium
 what do you think of storm chasing?
 yeah it would be exciting but it's definitely dangerous. Storm chasers chased the largest tornado ever measured on earth and a few chasers died
 There were winds as high as 296 MPH. I can't even imagine.
 And we as humans have only been here for a minute if all of earths history was a 24 hour period
 I saw that, Lets hope it doesn't, lol we all wouldn't know what to do!
 I didnt know that, I didnt read the terms on my plan so it makes sense.
 I think that too you never know whats on that fine print, I will start reading mine from now on.
 Those are very good comparisons. I also like that mix of science and mysticism as well. I am absolutely terrified of horror films though, I can not manage to watch any horror films.
 It just gives me chills. I wouldn't want to go to North Korea. Are Americans even allowed to go there?
 I have not read him. I get too scared, based on Pet Cemetery and his popular books being scary. Im a wimp!
 I try to. I feel bad for my son because he has my affinity for horror films. He gets scared watching beauty and the beast...
 Oh really, yes I agree. Especially with that aggressive mode! Too scary!! Feel the same way. Good chat!
 I just wondered if anyone would crack them open.
 I agree but Mike Pence seems like a worse alternative. I don't think either one has our country's best interest in mind 
 me too. Could you imagine having to dredge up what you might have done 36 years ago?
 That is going to change. too many people are upset by the use of their personal information. People want some privacy.
 I agree. When you see something on a trusted internet source, you tend to believe it. Nowadays it's getting hard to know who to belielve.
 Don't see any done button.  I'll just send you this message.  
 It's alarming they haven't found any suspects yet
 Hello.  Anybody there?  I am trapped in the US Senate chamber and I can't get out!
 Do you think it is OK for the opposing party to criticize past presidents?
 Funny.  It's getting nutty.  I personally don't think there is anything to the Russian collusion thing.  Mueller announced today that he's not even issuing a report.  So many millions wasted on a charade.  They used 30 or so machine gun equipped men on a 6am raid to apprehend one old man.  Disgusting... 
 The House health care plan allows Virginia to work with the Trump Administration to expand Medicaid while guaranteeing common sense reforms to control costs and protect taxpayers. Notice how they don't give you enough info to really tell you anything?
 Never really thought about toxic gas being an associated hazard.  Man FEMA there must have their hands full.
 Not a good time to travel anywhere.  
 I think i would be terrified to try that new dutch bus. Can you imagine being in a bus doing 160mph? I would nope out of that so fast. 
 Oh, I personally believe that Facebook must be selling our data! Could you imagine if our government was rewriting our constitution via facebook, like Iceland is? That's crazy! Basically forcing their people to use Facebook, or miss out on important current events!
 No, I sure didn't.  It's been in the "making" for a while then.  Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005
 I wonder why?
 No doubt.
 It is amazing how far phone have come. A single iphone has more computing than the entire us icbm deterrent. Kindof worrying
 haha I did, Putin sounds like a seriuos guy, he gave him a warning about getting out of Ukraine, I wonder if Tredeau was scared, I would be
 I don't think it would work out well
 Now we are the end I have to say I'm the father of a daughter and am very much against the new Justice, I find it scary on my daughters behalf that people can get away with what he may have done.  You may have a different opinion.
 The concern I have is that to give him a pass is to not take seriously the accusation.  If guys see he gets away with it what is the incentive for them not to act in a similar situation.
 Lots of bad things happening in the senate right now. Not as bad as the early 1900's. I guess there was a lot of sexism back then...more so than now.
 Yes, I would imagine that $300 in tolls to travel across Japan, might make it difficult for some. Would you feel safe on the Dutch bus that travels at 160 mph? I'm not sure I would!
 And there might be a region of space pulling galaxies outside of the universe that we know. That's kind of scary.
 I just imagine us being pulled like a rubber band!
 Some people even think that the universe may be one big superhologram.
 Lions too! I don't think I'd take the chance and do that!! Too dangerous!!
 Not really. Although I agree with some of his points. I am a Conservative so I am very leary of listening to anyone that's on TV.
 I know; the coverage this year made it seem as though it was out of control and made me question the security and authenticity of our election processes
 That is what I am thinking. We have a lot of work to do and it is a large country. 
 Yeah, I think Trump lost by a couple million votes, but that's what gerrymandering does to elections
 I don't think we need a double edged sword in the White House.  I think we need someone who is solid, predictable and reasonable.   
 I have, I dont know much about guns but it seems like its a popular gun. It is quite a scary model
 True. All of the customization options make it even scarier. 
 That rifle should be banned or sold with hard to get permits
 Well, there was a ban in 1994, but it expired in 2004. It didn't do much good anyways. 
 Less weapons can only be good for the streets, its scary how the AR-15 can be bought by mostly anyone older than 18, you just have to have a clean record
 That is staggering! Very impressive in my opinion, speaking of loud concerts though, Deep Purple broke a record back in 1972 for loudness, and three people actually were rendered unconscious, that's scary
 I guess you're right. Speaking of safe, have you heard about the secret service on Nov. 11, 2011?
 Yes, exactly. How scary! I guess there were bullets that had struck the white house.
 Really crazy! Also crazy that there is a sound frequency that will cause all humans to become incredibly fearful, that sounds scary, literally!
 I think that is a really strange question to ask someone. but evolution wise that's right. humans only started evidencing signs of behavioral modernity like 50k years ago
 Did you hear how the government was planning on destroying wikileaks? It was published on their website.
 I have no idea... If i had to guess, I'd say there are a lot of countries that hope to infiltrate American elections to help better serve their own interests.  It seems illegal immigrants attempting to vote is also a problem that continues to get worse.
 Huge scare for Post Malone on his recent flight
 I know a little bit about elections yes, did you know that in 2012 international election observers were blocked from visiting the polls in 9 of the states
 they do seem to try to gain notoriety with inflamed speech, but those differences are muted by congress. did you know the ancient athenians did not vote. they chose lots. I think that would prevent a lot of corruption. How do you feel about the current level of corruption?
 What?! That's terrifying. How is that possible with so much secret service?
 that creeps me out. I dont know if it would leave to immortality fr though because once their body is deceased they stop experiencing things and stops growing as a mind. it would be like ultimate arrested development.
 I agree it is unatural and there are many things that can go wrong, I would be afraid of having my mind control by a computer software or some hacker. 
 Yea, Georgia Tech destroyed Cumberland in 1916
 I don't know what to say about that.... I guess it's cool? What about you?
 Yeah you're right about that.  I guess the times are different now. Back in the 60s they wore sexy swimsuits  but now a lot of people aren't as interested in that
 Wow... So  that whole flame-thrower being legal is true?
 I think burning too. I can still function with no legs but to lose all my nerve ending and have months of rehab would be awful.
 Cool. Its because miguel cabarello shoots all his employees in order to test and enforce quality control on his wares.
 The greeks literally made asbestos clothing and it was almost as valuable as gold! Clothes that will kill you lol
 There are some scary clothes stories.
 oh ya for sure, scary that wikileaks leaked the gov's plans to shut down wikileaks themselves, that is really wild!
 I see governments as a double-edged sword. While they're formed with a positive purpose, if the wrong people get political power it can cause some serious havoc.
 Yeah that was crazy. The phone alert. And it specifically said it wasn't a drill-wow!
 Another one would be Zucker, CNN chief executive.  Not as rich as Bloomberg, but not many are, but with many media connections.
 Well, there's just so much gobbly-gook and legalese on those agreements, personally my eye start to glaze over after a few paragraphs!  I just try watch for any jarring phrases like "give up your soul" or "may zap you brain with radiation" type clauses... LOL.   
 I think maybe it's just being posted too often. Yes, we all have emotions but maybe we should get to keep them to ourselves without someone taking a picture.
 Then you worry that any information now in the white house is susceptible to getting out
 Hopefully it stays safe! Someone was shot at one of those recently. But does sound fun outside of that
 Im skeptical as well but it seems like the future is taking us there, I'm a bit afraid about the aggressive mode they have
 i agree, it's a little unnerving that trump is making it seems as though allies are threats currently
 Yes, I don't agree with what Trump is doing, changing trade relationships and introducing fascist ideologies
 Right. I think we need a lot from other nations as well, more than he thinks.
 Yes, some even think it's not America First, but America Alone. That is a scary thought.
 I think we are in trouble at the very least
 Apparently what we are doing to our enemies might not be as damaging to them as we think, and instead, damaging to our friends.
 Britain, who has been a long time ally, will soon be subject to the tariffs imposed
 Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago but humans are rapidly destroying it in no time.
 I don't know. Deadly phone calls are creeping me out. You know, the inventor of the dial telephone was an undertaker. I heard creepy music playing as I typed that...
 Or maybe climbers who have climbed mount everest before these programs have started, although the cheaper plans are probably not as safe as the more expensive options.
 One thing you can say about Trump: He is no robot! Am I right?
 Yes, it is.  Daniel day-lewis is the only actor to win best actor at the oscars 3 times.
 Yes, it is.  Jon hamm taught drama at his old high school. one of his students was ellie kemper, erin from the office.
 Yeah same here, I think it'd be awkward if I was the only concert goer though, like when Pink Floyd recorded a live concert with no audience there. A little awkward and frightening.
 ya that is true, I'm just glad our president isn't like China, where they literally censored the word censorship
 Really? I've never heard. Anyway I'm not optimistic about facebook future.
 Or on the flipside that Iceland is using Facebook as a way of engaging their public and helping to rewrite their constitution! 
 It can be a little scary though when they tailor ads to things you have searched!  
 I play keys and woodwinds. I also write and produce my own music. I also get cheated on payment for shows
 That's interesting but I wouldn't want the US to try that
 There's television revenue and the alumni want winning teams. Consider that Stan van Gundy was fined for saying something that would lower $$$ for the NBA.
 NBA players on average are the highest paid athletes in the world. They should put money aside for education. 
 He is a celebrity. I did not know that volleyball and basketball were invented at the YMCA. 
 The man is a 3-machine. He donates mosquito nets to people in developing countries. I wonder if he will have problems after retirement.
 Geez. I do not know what this will look like in another 200 years but I am a little worried...
 US is the rare country in the world that allows buying guns
 That made me laugh! Can't imagine. Concerts and guns is scary! We need more protection and security these days!
 I agree, there should be more security and also stricter gun control laws, guns shouldnt be allowed into concerts or events where there's a mass attendance
 My boss just came back in, I gotta go back to work.
 I hope whatever comes out of it is the truth.  Have a good one!
 I guess that's what it ended up turning out to be! Haha. People walking around, pokemon go-ing. It's funny and pretty entertaining, but also kind of dangerous!
 I like it but they should vet the person asking for money.
 Yes, it is scary.  We need to improve our nuclear icbm deterrent system.
 That's pretty awesome, and it's now so much more than just connecting with friends. It has influence over almost everything we see - good or bad.
 Yeah, and social media has gotten so crazy as of the last few years that people have a serious addiction to it now.
 naw they can of course, the better for lawsuits to happen... just makes me sad to know 30% of Adults get their news from FB. 
 I think if you combine the internet with the current political climate in America, you have this mass insanity you speak of.  Then target the irrational with fake news to get them ginned up - here we go!
 So true - it's all about the dollar and not about the end game.  If a user pays nothing for a product, they become the product - willingly signing their privacy away and FB makes billions!
 Definitely shows progression, at the same time I question how advanced our White House is in general. I believe on 9/11, it took them four days to even realize they had been struck by bullets, that's frightening.
 I am not! It certainly sounds scary. I personally think it's scarier when presidents have too much power and bring their personal beliefs into office. Like Roosevelt banned Christmas trees because he was a conservationist.
 I wonder why that is! How odd!
 I wonder if I should stay away from that zebra fish. I'm more scared of the black swallower fish though that can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight.
 I know right. But I might be more freaked out listening to Jupiter's storms on the AM radio
 There are too many to name. But I also disagree with the foreign policy
 Not helping it at all and then his attacks to the press, thats  also pretty bad
 I know right, its about time Im just preying he doesnt get another term a lot of people seem to like him still
 True. Let's hope so. I'm worried that it too the secret service 4 days to discover bullets struck the white house in 2011.
 I  dont but I think he will, hopefully he doesnt win this time I mean I thought his first run was terrible and full of drama so I hope we make a different choice.
 It seems too risky for me though. The president has endorsed killing journalists who spoke against him in the past. Wouldn't that scare you?
 It sure would, but strength is in the numbers if we remain quiet then consequences will be far worse.
 It's interesting also that a dictator of a one-party state can be named as a President also.
 Exactly. I saw a picture the other day of the earth from space. I think we tend to think of it as it was back when we were in elementary school all green. There is a shocking amount of brown space now. It was actually pretty terrifying. 
 We're lucky that we don't use the system where the runner up became the vice president anymore. There would be even more drama.
 Well.. it is the government!
 I agree, but there should be a bigger control  guns are our rights but filters must be applied
 Thats not the way to prove things, the media also has the fault, news outlets tend to give shootings a lot of importance
 Apparently they are legal to prevent car thefts, but still seems way to extreme, its a good thing they arent legal in America, we would be in so much trouble
 I'm not sure
 Perhaps for better organization and clarity. One aspect that worries me is that google maps calculating traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road. If they track that, I wonder just how much information Google amasses
 More than the entire US nuclear deterrent!! no kidding? I am kind of worried that fact is true
 at 50 episodes a year... that is crazy!  Those poor animators and storywriters!
 Can you believe that fans would send death threats over poor performance?
 Yeah.  Then there's N. Korea making it even more complex.  It seems most don't want to rock the boat. 
 Ha ha. I think they get a bad rap. There are so few shark attacks per year. Not that I wouldn't be very nervous if one was close by. 
 I would be terrified to ride that bus. I can't imagine taking something as tippy as a bus around a road at those speeds. 
 The internet has became the king of the world these days.
 Though it does carry a vast range of information, it is sometimes too scarry....too much information kills a person too. Some things need to be kept curious. 
 I know it's so bad on your nerves, my goodness! She's right, there are just as many crazies out there!!
 That is fascinating! I would be scared to tickle a shark and get bit!
 I know what you mean. I'm afraid to go out by myself at night, even if I'm just walking down the street to the store...I've had some scary experiences and it's made me want to learn how to protect myself, in case it happens again.
 I think I may want to get a stun-gun or pepper spray, for self-defense. I'm too afraid to use a gun I think.
 Yes they are. I'm glad they took the house. Regardless of party I don't ever think it's a good idea for the house, senate, and presidency to all be under one party's control. It requires no compromise and I think it can be dangerous. 
 It's rather bizarre that that can happen at all. Also rather unnerving that there hasn't been a non-Democrat or Republican president since 1853.
 He was the only person who got traction in many decades. Speaking of traction, it is becoming more and more noticeable that both parties are equally to blame for the problems that affect the middle class, according to Michael Tomasky.
 Do you think he will get re elected, he sure seems to think his getting another term.
 Interesting! Does the government do a lot of secret tests out there? Hopefully they are not testing missiles or something out there? Speaking of which, Israel launched a missile attack on Damascus International Airport.
 I am, after all, originally from England.  We are, by common knowledge, very reserved.  Had I known how dangerous Prince William county was we may have skipped IKEA, and also saved a few dollars.
 I had talked to someone before and said the whole place smells like horse poo!
 Hopefully not as I really love my dog and seems like a painful procedure, my dog is a blood donor though.
 I find it scary it took the Secret Service took so long to find out the white house was shot
 Yes we are running out of resources. Just like we are going to run out of helium by the end of the 21st Century
 No! I have never liked them. I'm too scared. What movies did you like when you were a kid? 
 Do you enjoy baseball?  I wonder how far is too far for teenage pitchers.  One Japanese teen threw 881 pitches in two weeks.  I hope his arm lasts him to adulthood.
 I am, actually, although I wouldn't want to own a car in south Africa where it's legal to equip them with flamethrowers in order to prevent carjacking. That's a little disturbing. What about you?
 Interesting. I stream TV and internet programming too, although networks are finding ways to load their net episodes with advertising too. And with competition for bandwidth, my internet slows down sometimes and negatively effects the stream. Astronauts in space have faster internet than I do.
 Right on! Someone watching Neopets is lowing it down for the rest of us. In 2001, Neopets was all the rage, and fourth most trafficked site, four spots ahead of Google. How things have changed!
 Do you approve the utilisation of dogs in the military or in the police ? it seems dangerous for them.   
 Yeah I sure hope its meaning is different than what I'm thinking, but who knows?
 I would too. I am not sure if I would be scared of the people who would let a stranger on their couch or the cleanliness of the couch.
 Yes I think that band was Creed correct? if I were them I would have been so embarrassed I would never have toured again
 Good help is hard to find, like that bullet!
 That's bad for them because Duerte is trying to crack down on street loiterers. That man terrifies me. 
 I always like to see anyone contributing to worthy causes. In 2006, the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions. I find that very troubling.  
 But you might void your warranty!
 very scary. What do you think about the people who want to upload their minds to computers? did you see black mirror? that happened there!!
 You think? it scares me that someone could hack into my brain and thoughts. 
 Yeah, that frequency range definitely instills some fears and goosebumps in me too.
 There is such a thing as addiction to clicking links.  Be careful.  I might have it too.
 Yes that is scary. Also scary that the United States owns 86% of Nevada, I wonder if that's where Area 51 is
 I think the threat of a 25% tariff is just a threat to get China to be more cooperative, hopefully both parties will meet in the middle.
 No matter the result of the next Presidential election half the country will be upset at it.  My hope is that they stop shutting down Government, my wife is a federal employee, it gets worrying.
 How interesting. It is kind of scary that it took the secret service four days to realize bullets struck the White House in November 2011.
 I have not. What rule do they have against cheerleaders? Is it a bad one?
 Definitely.  I know I don't want my son playing it!
 I do worry about the ones in Brazil, Their new president is enacting awful policies that endanger them.
 That's another one my wife likes.
 Yeah, you are right. Sometimes I'm scared to travel, I fear the worst There is actually a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 They are great. You can find anything on the internet. I try not to get too click happy because it can cause a real, measurable addiction. 
 That sounds scary!  I prefer something like Mackinac Island where motorized vehicles are banned.  That would be fun to visit!
 Yeah that does sound really scary. You know they said he was good looking, that would help a serial killer.
 Yeah. People think a killer is some shady looking dude, not someone who can charm the pasts off of anybody. Just goes to show you don't know people just by looking.
 Did you hear about that serial killer Shawn Grate?
 Yeah its a great analogy, shootings in school are so common I can relate to the fear, 
 A lot of crazy people out there, the media also gives them a lot of attention so I think its their fault in a great scale as well
 I work in recreation and someone on one of our golf courses got hit and killed by lightning. I have not messed around with it since. I run inside asap.
 Yeah. Although it is nice to have the data, I do not like being tracked.
 Did they really? That seems unusual for them! Did you know there's a bulletproof clothing mogul named Miguel Cabarello who tests the clothes by shooting the employees to enforce quality control on his wares? That is scary to me!
 Same here. Without a doubt. Ha! I think it's kind of scary that 30% of the adult population in the US uses Facebook for their primary source of news. I can't trust half the stuff I read on there and don't see how anyone else does!
 Well I agree that fox is legit and it has great news. However, I am worried by Fox's political agenda.
 These players probably have a lot of injuries to contend with as well. The 16 regular season games, pre-season games and playoff games take a toil on their bodies each year.
 That would have me worried if I were President.  Well, its been good chatting with you.  Its Mardi Gras down here!
 Ethics are disappearing.  If people didn;t get called out for stuff in the news we'd be in a dictatorship by now.  Seems like we are getting there some days.  Journalists need to be treated like heroes
 I totally agree.. but you could never get away with it!
 Yes. DiNardo promised a woman that a priest would not work with children, but it seemed that he continued to be a parish priest for years.
 It didn't seem too.  Wow, an iPhone has more computing power that the US nuclear missile defense system. Scary...
 I think so. And the whole alien hiding facility, fresh with state of the art camo so we do not find it.
 That's true.  Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
 I think I might prefer Mackinac Island in Michigan which doesn't allow motorized vehicles.
 It seems like that could be dangerous but I guess they are being trained to shoot through their windshields if necessary.
 True. But a deadly force instructor said that it's better to only drive when you're driving, and to only shoot when you're shooting. But sometimes I guess shooting through the windshield is the only option, especially if there are bystanders
 The officers can also get injured. They can get hearing damage and windshield fragments could hit the officer
 Yeah, you have to consider the angle of the windshield, the caliber, type of round and distance to the target. It's a lot to consider. 
 And that really brings us back to the gelling concern. He has a diverse and new cast of players - can he bring them together AND help them play well within a single year? I think their expectations are high, but maybe would benefit from some grounding.
 I am not sure I would be as trusting if it was in the US.  Maybe most of us will just be watching some brand of football anyway?
 I don't think allowing both of them to be leading the US would be a good idea. Perhaps funny to watch, but with disastrous consequences.
 Yes, he was working with Zika and Ebola.  He was pretty high ranking too...
 haha exactly! Did you know more than 80 percent of the Earth's natural forests have been destroyed?
 That is sad, and frightening at the same time. Trees were on Earth a long time before humans, it could impact us. 
 Kind of disturbing that Starship Troopers is assigned military academy reading. Ender's Game is at least a little less toxic.
 Yeah a strayed bullet, Im afraid, we are not even safe at home now,  I might have to read her essay ''The Truth'' it might make me cry
 I was not aware of that. Those always creeped me out to be honest. 
 Great! Hope you're doing well! Did you hear about Jonathan Bennet ambushing police in Charlotte? That was an intense situation!
 yes I agree, what is strange is that in 2012, international election observers weren't allowed to view the polling in 9 states, I wonder what was going on
 You have to get money out of politics. I don't know if we'll ever see that happen. I also think it would great if more people with scientific backgrounds ran.
 I hope the shoulder doesn't affect his play
 I don't know. Being without the quaterback they're used to could throw things off for them.
 I don't have big expectations for him.  It might be in his best interest to preserve his genius-level IQ and call it quits sooner rather than later.
 Yes that's a good point. He is about 37 years old now and the longer he plays the harder it will be on his brain
 I know right.  Why even pass legislation like that? Unless, you're doing what you shouldn't be doing.
 Yeah it is pretty scary. Cohen has admitted to campaign finance violations and also implicaed the presiden
 It happened three times in 1977. Hopefully we don't see that this year.
 Yes, he does. With all the accidents that cars and drivers cause, I still am hesitant about self driving cars.
 Oh God no!! Something needs to be done there!! Have a good night!!
 He is and I have no idea, I would be afraid to ask him lol 
 That's amazing but also concerning. They should probably upgrade that. 
 Yes, they should not go the way of the extant gray wold.
 Yeah and that sounds terrible espeically because Gold courses in America make up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware together.
 Yeah I agree, I think the fight against drugs is a hard one and needs a bigger action, I am worried about the side effects it can bring.
 I think that lowering the price on drugs will make the people consume more and wont change things it all, it will only make things worse.
 I think thats a good idea, terrible things would happen if the internet went down, I dont even want to imagine it.
 Good evening!  Just jumping on the internet to see what is going on.  I hope I am not addicted to it!
 Absolutely.  One thing I think we could be doing is providing access to the uncensored internet via satellite.  Whatever action the U.S. takes has to be done low-key.  The last time we messed around with their government, the Shah was overthrown for the current dictatorship.
 Which didn't work in our favor at all
 Yes, just imagine all the disagreements Trump and Hillary would have if Hillary was VP!
 I bet the Brooklyn Bridge has been sold a few times.  It's like U.S. foreign policy, the U.S. tries to buy democracy.  Our direct meddling, like in Iran, is toxic. 
 I'm pretty sure she, eventually through pay-to-play would have beat out JFK, Washington and Jefferson as one of the top 3 richest presidents had she been elected. 
 I wonder what she'd call her pop album? Anyway, she would have released all sanctions against Iran while furthering Obama's will to give Iran nukes.  
 I need to do that more often. The inventor of the dial telephone was an undertaker.
 It was probably a good decision financially because good quarterbacks get paid a lot!  However, I guess an engineer averages more earnings in a life than an NFL player, so there is that to consider.
 haha that is a good question! also weird is that the NFL puts chips in players clothes to track their every move on the field, I hope that doesn't get required by governement for civilians one day
 Yes I agree. I would also sue if they put tracking chips on me, I know that it's good for stats but I just don't like giving up that amount of information like my position or speed
 I don't even try to keep up.  My other concern is why he didn't play at all in the 16 games of the 2017 Bears season.
 Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the New England Patriots!
 Yes, but I think the game is too dangerous and violent for women.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
 What?! That doesn't really make me feel all that safe. You would think something like that would have the highest computing power in the land. Our government needs a tech update. 
 How bad would you feel if you made a mistake? That would be stressful!
 I would be terrified with all the propaganda, seems too dangerous with so much emphasis on war
 Yes, I do.  I went to Netherlands twice.  That bus is too fast for me.  I do not plan to ride on it.
 Wow, that would cause anarchy!  
 That's the truth. I couldn't imagine living under a dictator and a one party state. I bet it would be horrifying! Even more terrifying some dictators are also called president. Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care, friend!
 Agreed, although listening to the radio while driving is not distracting. It is when you are are your phone, that you become very distracted.
 Well, i think it's ok!  He says things way out there... but it's something we deal with and are very tired and disgusted by!
 There lies a deep hatred for certain groups of people by extremists who are scared and warped minded
 That's reassuring. There are way more Trump supporters in the U.S. today than I'm personally comfortable with. 
 My feelings exactly. Especially when the presidency has glommed onto so much unconstitutional power under both party administrations.
 Not sure. I don't like much that is fantasy. I am not a huge fan of that fiction but many people are. Did you know there is a university where you can study science fiction and fantasy lit with a concentration of tolkien studies. Too much for me.
 I wonder what all other things people draft! Speaking of fantasy, a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality! Yikes! Scary! Human's need to learn more about how fragile our bodies and especially our brains our, i think.
 Oh my gosh. That would be so miserable for both of them. They would get nothing done!
 Trump could possibly win a reelection, he has a lot of supporters
 I am a bit apprehensive.  Self-driving cars may be able to drive perfectly well.  What they have trouble doing is anticipating the "imperfect" human driver they are sharing the road with.  That imperfect human who might be on their cell phone while driving!
 They must have wild parties there.  Or maybe a large Japanese delegation watching all 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 Probably better they changed the rule.  It could make for some amazing television though!
 Yeah, it would be funny! I cannot believe the president of indonesia had time to release three albums. Hopefully it wasn't on the taxpayer's dime.
 Dunno. Could be a maintenance thing... It's also amazing that it took the secret service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the WH in 2011.  I bet Obama didn't like that. 
 I think she was. There were no roads and no hotels. Just native villages. I think the natives should be left alone. We are going in there too much and bringing our ways with us. 
 People want their resources and are willing to destroy the tribes to get them. It is such a rich area and there is so much to explore there. I wish they would be left in peace.
 They have a different way of living and looking at things. I think it is beautiful. The Brazilian and Ecuadorian governments should protect them.
 I agree with you, something must be done about it, although its hard to believe what news tell us these days as most people believe that 80 of news mostly in social media are biased or misinforming
 I find that concerning, especially since they were legally required to admit they are an entertainment channel rather than a new channel for the majority of the day to avoid lawsuits for false news reports. 
 I think I would be happy to do that if car jacking was a real issue.
 There was a girl who recently got a scholarship. I hope she can play without getting hurt!
 There never seems to be ANYTHING positive about Trump from the MSM.  CBS is now saying that Trump has something against babies.  This isn't journalism, it's amateur hour...
 That sounds terrible, that lady Elizabeth McKeown sound like  she's mentally ill
 the vp was the runner up right? that would cause so much chaos these days if we still had that rule! imagine vp clinton right now! so much drama
 You have a great day as well and take care if you play football keep in mind all the injuries caused by the game and all. 
 Yes me too.  They don't seem like a great idea.  I am not sure I would want to ride in one.
 I would worry about the album. It would be rough listening!
 I like to stay involved I am afraid ot those deaths over in Maryland and North Virignia
 I am not sure if we would be able to function as a government in today's society with Trump and Hilary, but it's worth giving them a chance. 
 Hello.  Could you imagine if our president had biker group that was almost a military arm and really supported him?  That is what the Night Wolves are in Russia as they are pro-Putin and Kremlin.
 A lot of Colombian government is rooted in the communist uprising that occurred about 30 or 40 years ago.  So now they want a right wing candidate, Duque.  But unfortunately, his only experience is as a one term senator. 
 Well, life's enough of a drama for me. We got an opioid crises, troops on the border, white supremacists marching....
 Well, if the government keeps shutting down, there won't be much left to know. What happens if you renounce your citizenship and there's not government to leave behind?
 I believe he is a disgrace and history will look poorly back on him, I can't believe people buy anything he says. He puts words in peoples mouths like Macron on the european military.
 No, he was a kid and Alan Diaz took a photo of him in a moment of distress, he earned a Pulitzer Prize because of the photo, a soldier is like pointing a gun at him and the response of the kid is of terror
 Vice President Clinton, can you imagine?
 Yeah so he is the "supreme leader" of North Korea. Which just sounds crazy. But also he has been editing pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders Mao and Stalin did!
 Oh geez,  I really hope not!  I don't like Kanye West.  I wonder trump has any musical talent though, I guess its possible.  
 Yes, that's my train of thought. Reserving such a special treatment for him only diminishes the value of future articles on the subject.
 Yeah. I always worry about bullying when my kids get older. I know you can't protect your  kids forever but it's hard to see others treated badly because they may look or act different. 
 That is ironic lol, and I hope Trump doesn't get re-elected. I really don't understand why people vote for him.
