 Freshwater fish only drink water through the skin via Osmosis, Saltwater fish drink water through the mouth. Dolphins are friendly to human beings.
 Yeah apparently lol! They do that instead of hiring people to mow!
 no but I would love to! paying hourly to hang out with adorable cats? im in!
 i guess thats where the phrase "cat nap" comes from
 I love to dance a lot. How about you?
 Dancing is a lot of fun. Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer?
 Ha Ha!!! It was so nice chatting with you as well!! Have a nice day!!! Bye
 Yes and did get used so that is good. Nice chat
 Speaking of cats, I would love to get a glow in the dark one. They have those in South Korea.
 They are indeed very smart and that proves it. Nice chatting with you.
 I do like comic books!
 I have not heard that.  I know that comic book legend Stan Lee used to end every phone conversation with "excelsior!"
 I just read that today.  The largest comic book market is in Japan.  I believe it.  My son loves to read those mangas.
 The manga market is Japan is valued at $6 to $7 billion dollars!
 I didn't know that.  I wonder how many people use it.  By comparison to Japan, the US comic book market in the US and Canada is $1.09 billion!
 I agree!  The Marvel cinematic universe takes place in earth -199999, a multiverse different from the original comic book multiverse, earth-616!
 That interesting.  Uranus is different to.  It actually rotates sideways and rolls around the sun rather than spins like the other planets.
 It must be pretty big then!  I wouldn't want to ever visit the unnamed planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph!
 Hahah That's a good way of putting it! 
 I used to in my childhood but not any more, I used to love inspector Gadget. 
 I did saw a lot of cartoons on TV, but I don't think that considered as a comic book. have a nice day. 
 Hi! Yes, I am a huge fan of Star Wars! I also loved how it was the first major movie to be dubbed in Navajo! I think that is so cool!
 I wouldn't be surprised if cats understood it but just didn't care, LOL.
 Ha! No kidding. Speaking of dogs and cats, I like how Google prefers dogs over cats and even states in their code of conduct that they're a dog company! That is awesome!
 Yeah, that's a weird official policy for what's supposed to be a neutral search engine! Nice chatting with you.
 Well, they are good at helping people adjust to new situations, too.
 I like that too. nice chat
 Hello
 And who knows how many that are undiscovered.  Animals are truly fascinating!
 I think that is a good thing!  I like how the netherlands is constructing wildlife bridges.
 Thanks.
 They really love their pets huh? No, I don't have any pets. Do you?
 haha ya, well I am like the black swallower fish, I could eat a salmon twice my height and ten times my weight because I love it
 I would look around to make sure Mama tiger is not in the area and looking at me with, "Gimme back my child" look!
 With 20 quintillion animals in this world, why would anyone feel the need to smuggle one?
 Once domesticated, animals develop white patches on their foreheads, likely because once indoors, they run into painted walls and doors with their heads. I know i do.
 I think German constitutional right for animals are pretty cool. Pretty, pretty . I learned about that while watching the German remake of the classic film, "12 angry hamsters"
 Does that mean putting a bag over your head while hiccupping may cause you to de-evolve? Maybe that is what happened to the Loch Ness Monster! I'm glad  she is a protected species. Hate to think someone might bag Aunt Matilda. 
 Yeah. Aunt Matilda would make a better hag fish anyway, or maybe a seahorse, since they are the only fish with a neck. 
 Does that mean they never get cancer, or they get cancer forever? You know, 84% of genes associated with human disease are also found in the zebrafish, but I have never seen a zebrafish with MS or Parkinson's disease...
 Haha. If  freshwater fish can drink through it's skin, why don't you ever see a freshwater fish floating in a margarita?
 Too many to count. We've had Hamsters, snakes, scorpions, lizards, fish, cats, dogs, chickens, birds...Our apartment is getting cramped...
 I like their relationshop in the movies. Chewy is a very loyal friend
 Yes! dogs and elephants can understand pointing
 That's kind of cool, I like it when people don't take themselves too seriously.  Like when Kanye made fun of himself on SNL.  If only he'd do it more.
 I'm guessing that is because of TV and movies, we get this idea of the way it is shown when reality is somewhat different. Being self deprecating, I'd say a dunces cap suits me well.
 Or maybe we could give it to Mr West next time he wants to speak his mind to us.  
 Yes me as well! Tipping of ones hat arises from the knights raising their face visors. Very chivalry of them!
 Yes he is. But he has done some good things like giving a mic to a fan in a wheelchair at his concert.
 Yes here they are much more agressive! Have a good one!
 haha yeah, I heard about that. It's been there since 1968.
 They wore pantsuits, they kept it classy. haha.
 Senate can be so cool, haha. Did you hear that in 1988 they arrested senators to force them to vote? I thought that sort of things only happened on House of Cards
 nope. But, I did hear that astronauts can vote from space.
 There must have been a big enough market for them to do that.  They have the money to do it that's for sure.  Just the box office alone the Star Wars franchise has brought in over $8.5 billion dollars!
 Nice.  He scored then big time because the entire Star Wars franchise is estimated to $65 billion dollars!
 You know it!  George Lucas' wife Marcia won an academy award for editing the film!
 Whoa!  I didn't know that.  Maybe George doesn't have as much as that $65 billion as I thought.  Yikes.
 Yes!  lol  James Earl Jones took only 2.5 hours to record all of the parts for Darth Vader for the original movie.
 On a sad note relating to those percentages....more than 80 percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed?
 I agree.  It's sad.  I had a good time chatting with you tonight!
 I thank you for your information - I learned a lot from you.  Have a good night.
 Hey! Are you a Star Wars fan? I love George Lucas for creating such a cool storyline.
 Yeah I have seen all the blade runner movies. They are very cool and gritty. Ridley Scott is a good director.
 Yes, I heard that too! Good to know the astronauts in space can vote too!
 Oh my goodness! Really. At least we don't have to go into the forest with lions like they do in Indian government!
 Yes, keep their sugar levels up!! lol
 You too! Have a good night!!
 He was asked why he would endorse a Democrat, and he said because republicans buy shoes too.  I thought it was funny. 
 The kids there go nuts over games. I know that there are pro gamers in Korea. Anyway, fun chat!
 I'm a fan.  Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if needed.
 I'm not sure how that worked.  The last one to do that I remember was Pete Rose back in the late 80's.  He played every day and managed at the same time.
 Up until 2005 a married couple scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year for 24 years!  I bet that could get confusing.
 Must have paid pretty good otherwise I don't think they would have done it for that long.  A man found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in grandfathers attic that were hidden since the 1940's.  He hit the jackpot.
 I would do exactly the same as you.  How could you not pass that up the chance to set yourself up for life? lol
 I actually enjoy watching college softball on ESPNU!
 lol I watch the women though because the pitchers really sling that ball to the plate.  On May 11, 1991 Creighton hosted Utah in the longest softball game in NCAA history lasting 31 innings!
 No.  Not enough fans to support it. lol  Jose Canseco claims to hold the record for longest softball homerun at 622 feet.  He might have it.  I've watched him hitting softballs on youtube.  He crushes them even still to this day.
 Check it out on youtube.  I was shocked at how far the balls go. lol  Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada! lol It's been fun chatting!
 You have a great weekend too!
 Oh for sure! One other thing I didn't know is that dogs and elephants are the only animals that respond to pointing. I want a pet elephant haha!
 I enjoyed chatting with you as well! And yes I'll go to local pet store and see if they have elephants in stock haha
 I understand that. I can also understand wanting to leave when there are gang members on every corner and your little one is just starting school
 Oh, then, thank you very much. Glad to know about this. God bless them. Well, I liked a lot Frozen. Is a fiery Princess.
 yes, it was great movie. And there's a sequel coming out. I can't wait!
 hahahaah that is so much male, lol. Nice to meet you, giving to you an excellent, have a nice day!
 I have never heard of Fanfest,
 I guess its where the hall of famers meet, At first I thought it said hall of farmers, lol
 But would you categorize them as an art form?
 I have no clue, But I love the name Rollie Fingers.
 Yeah the PlayStation 4 is cool. I'm just glad that we called him video games and not their original name which was the cathode ray tube Amusement device LOL
 Yes it's been an excellent chat! And make sure to try out a baseball video game once in awhile, they are actually pretty fun
 Agreed! Nice chatting with you!
 I did not know it either until now. It was nice chatting with you.
 Nice chatting with you too!
 That is so fascinating, I love his works of fiction. I like fiction because it is so imaginative. What is your favorite genre?
 Really? That is crazy, I wonder who thought of even trying that.  Well it was good talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 I do. Did you know Amazon started as an online bookstore?
 I agree! What if people tried to read my mind's unpublished poetry! No thank you! I have some interesting fan fiction in my head, just like Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules and Oedipus. But that's private!
 Thank goodness, indeed. I agree with you, though, there is still progress to be made, and I think reading diverse fiction and poetry can help people see things from other perspectives. 
 Oh absolutely! Really all art forms and most certainly the internet is going to bring humanity together on a much more even playing field. It was really nice talking with you!
 Yes, I am and love it!  That two day delivery really comes in handy!!
 It really does! Even Sunday delivery rocks especially since Amazon contracted with the USPS.
 Yes it only takes about 6 years, and give great classical dressage performances!
 Really, very cool! I love to snorkel too! The coral reefs are so spectacular!!
 They do make an impact wherever they go. I found interesting that there is a building named after the first amazon.com customer
 Also Los angeles, atlanta, and Dallas. they are looking for as much as 8 million sq ft
 Don't forget about their original HQ, it was founded by Jeff Bexos on July 5 1994. And it's the largest internet retailer in the world! 
 It's probably thanks to their hard-workers! I heard they walk 7-15 miles each day as apart of their shift.
 that is a lot!
 We can't deny he is full of great ideas. i did not know that IMBD is owned by amazon!!
 that is good! Hey, do you like animals?
 Di you know that they meet in the pacific ocean, in a place named "white Shark cafe". I love coffee but I would try not to end up there!
 We are all afraid and even terrified of sharks, but it looks like they can rescue sailors!
 Crazy! there a very small ones. there is one called small dwarf lantershark. and it has a lenght of 17 cms. well it was so nice talking to you!!
 Must have been tough being the only guy.
 I know right Dumbo didnt have the fault lol, I bet he isnt a Republican either,
 I never knew that.  There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1853.
 That's funny!  Consistent use of the red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats started in 2000.  Could have swore they used those colors before then.
 I didn't know that.  Every US president with a beard has been a Republican.  Interesting.
 That's an amazing statistic.  Wow.  Since 1900 the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75 percent of the time.
 Interesting.  Do you ever vote for the governor in your state?  I do.
 It is certainly a lot. Did you know the Beatles song Come Together was actually written for Tim Leary's 1969 CA Governor campaign.
 I had no idea.  Wonder why a British band at the time would write a song for an American election?  Interesting.
 I didn't know that.  I've heard about when they did that though to those people.
 In 1934 I see that North Dakota's governor declared martial law and seceded from the US.  I'm learning all kinds of new things today.
 Looks like Texas was ahead of the times!  Thanks for chatting!
 Yes, I did.  It was the movie when I was a kid!
 Right, usually that would be embarrassment. That was cool of the audience. Ready Player One is another childlike adventure where virtual reality dominates.
 I did know that Treasure Planet was a big time flop.  I can't remember anybody that saw it saying they liked it. I read that Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star.
 You see how big Oprah is now right? She was wonderful in that movie.
 Yes, I love my ROKU.
 I would definitely. You can also get Netflick, Hulu. I have Amazon Prime which has lots of channels.
 Did you know that has sold over an estimated 5 billion copies?  Wow.
 Yes. Prior to 1963 it was not uncommon for students in the US to be required to read from the bible as part of their elementary eduction!
 Nice.  Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the Bible.  He used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection.
 Yes!  Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only 2 US presidents that did not use a bible when they were sworn in.
 Yes.  The biblical tower of Babel was likely based on a real building, the Etemenanki in modern day Iraq.
 Yes he did!  he is regarded ad the greatest writer in the English language!
 I read the cliff notes of some of his things in college.  He coined a lot of popular phrases that we still use today like "good riddance" and "wild goose chase".
 Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time and died only a year apart.  Interesting facts.
 Yes!  lol  Shakespeare invented the names Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia.  I never knew that.
 I love going to libraries!  I'm a heavy user of them.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Same thing to you. Good day.
 You have a good day too!
 That would be so useful. I wonder if other cities do that? I know that normal library collections often included DVD's and CD's and other things besides books.
 I have. I heard that he started a library in 1895 with 32,000 books in it. All from his personal collection. Can you imagine?
 I guess it makes sense that he coined so many terms since he was the world's greatest dramatist. Plus, he wrote so much. He wrote 39 plays!
 And rapper Tupac Shakur danced in the Nutcracker in high school. Sounds like he and Mr Rogers swapped paths along the way.
 Maybe so he could leave the office every day and say "I'll be back!"  
 Wow!  We truly are a two party system, but don't try getting elected as president as a democrat with a beard.  So far all bearded presidents have been republican.
 If I'm watching a movie at home I don't care about the reviews as much but definitely want to make sure I am getting my moneys worth at the theater.
 I did not, but with his athleticism and talent I am not surprised.
 Now that you mention it I do somewhat remember seeing how he did that. It was almost like a piece of metal that would lock into his shoe so he could almost lean 45 degrees. I believe he used it in the Smooth Criminal music video.
 A lot of athletes have used ballet and now yoga to help with flexibility and reduce injuries!
 Yes, I hear it does help tremendously.
 I have taken yoga before but I need a few more classes before I get more flexible. It was fun chatting with you, have a great day!
 Hello, Michael jackson has a patent. on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves
 I found interesting the concept with rotten tomatoes. Poor people
 Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music, and smile more when they hit the beat.  Dance is so interesting. 
 Michael bay's average rotten tomatoes film rating is 38%
 Quite surprising. Also Netflix has almost 150 movies with 100% rating on rotten tomatoes
 I also like to watch movies on Netflix. Its convenient and the premium is not too high
 true that. How about soundtracks. Any thoughts on that?
 Same here. Thought it was very interesting
 same. have a good day
 bye
 Oh yes, Mars!! I love it too!! I hope so, There is a good chance we will. 
 I think the movie tried to have an overall good message to be the best you can be in everything you do. Inspirational for many.
 That's refreshing... I can see why ABC Family was mentioned. 
 Ouch!  I guess we are all dancers to some degree.  Babies naturally dance when they hear music.
 I remember as kids we'd have birthday parties and dance to various Disney Soundtracks. Do they still make those, I wonder?
 If you like video games, some of those movies are pretty good, too. I didn't realize Rotten Tomatoes was started by students until recently! Brilliant!, 
 Yes I have. Doesn't that guy have a Scottish accent or something? And I think he thought he was going to be the actual voice, very strange.
 No I think that they don't really pick the best movies. A lot of good movies that I like a lot or never even nominated. I do like Daniel Day-Lewis though, I'm glad that he won three times for best actor
 That is just sad. I hope we move towards behaving as we should with each other. Nice chat :)
 Hi, Yes I am a star wars fan!!! Since I was a kid. What about you?
 It is amazing how star wars was created long time ago , in 1977 and with a movie made last year , the star wars fever is so alive!
 It is incredible that the first eight films were nominated for academy awards, they were able to  create wonderful productions!
 Is that right! Well, good for George Lucas because this poor vision from 20 century made him a billionaire
 I believe it was $7,500, and he just spent 2 hours and a half doing so
 She got an award for editing!! I think she made an important contribution.. good job
 Yes, she did major changes.. and is interesting George did not get the award for directing!
 You do the same!!
 He seems to really be an animal lover too. 
 oh yes, I even watched the first "Nosferatu" movie - not sure when that was made but it's quite old...
 That one is a  classic, based on the book by Bram Stoker.  They say if you watch a horror movie you will enjoy abstract art more, maybe because they are both a horror?
 He was her and became a citizen, the law he broke was marrying a white woman because he was asian. That is crazy.
 I haven't seen anything new in a long time,  I did love Forest Gump, and You've got Mail though.  I really like Disney movies, do you know Sleeping Beauty was such a failure they considered closing down.
 We never get to see the rebuilding of the galaxy and having Leia and Han's son kill Han and be bad was a stupid thing to do.
 I think they are preparing a twist of action nobody is suspecting but I think it's in a bad taste. I personally think Han Solo lives ;)
 Absolutely ;) no argument here ;)
 If I was a better cinematographer, I'd make my own movies, but thats not in the cards.  Its been nice visiting with you.
 Same here, thank You so much for fun conversation ! ;)
 That's true they're definitely not giving those Awards away in the United States haha. I do like that Norway donated a billion dollars to save the Amazon rainforest though that's very nice of them
 You're right. I do love that movie a lot though. It's a great winter movie. Johnny Depp seems like a nice guy. He adopted his one-eyed horse from the movie Sleepy Hollow when he heard it was going to be put down
 Same here, have a good one.
 It's a little strange, isn't it? But on a lighter note, a radio station prank called Queen Elizabeth II back in 95, pretending to be Jean Chretien who was the Prime Minister of Canada back then. Ha!
 Is that so? I wonder if she used her family to become an actress? Ha! Well in Japan, their Prime Minister sends their residents a silver cup when they turn 100 to celebrate it. Problem is, so many are turning 100 now, they're having to find ways to make cheaper cups. That's a good thing though!
 That is a good thing! What do you think about Wikileaks by the way? Apparently the government try to destroy them, but Wikileaks just leaked their plans LOL
 Yes that is disappointing. I hope that Johnny Depp goes through with making a biopic about dr. Seuss. That would actually be my first choice for a person to play him
 Yes that is impressive! He seems like a nice guy, he adopted a one-eyed horse in one of his movies because they were going to put it down, that's nice thing to do
 That's a very nice and humane thing to do! He's certainly come a long way since his rise in the 1980s with 21 Jump Street, hasn't he?
 Just do a marathon one day of watching them and you'll be set. Have you seen the Shining? The boy actor didn't even know it was a horror film until years later.
 They really are, even with the big names. Tom Hanks has earned 8.5 billion in film earnings for his movies.
 Well they want a lot of Awards this year, and I think they're going to do even better next year
 Yes, they do.  On another note, did you know that the rapper drake graduated high school on october 2012 at the age of 25
 I absolutely love his music!
 I find it fascinating that they used to dry the tennis couts for the 69' US Open with helicopters. I would have loved to see that.
 Did you watch the show Degrassi? He was an actor on it, I've never heard of it.
 That's funny, I bet he made their night. I was surprised to hear that he is signed with Lil' Wayne's label, instead of Dre's Death Row.
 I think One Dance is my favorite by him, it's also one of his most popular.
 Hi, do you know anything about lacrosse?
 Not a ton... I love sports though so I could get into it if I needed to. Do you like any other sports?
 Yeah, the US open. Seems like they should have been more prepared.
 Agreed. I work in recreation facilities and would not have thought of calling in a helicopter for any of my isssues.
 I would have fallen asleep, all three days! Nice chatting with you!
 Hello there. Have you ever played the guitar or piano?
 I have heard that. Hendrix set his guitar on fire at Woodstock.
 That just shows how badass they are, haha! The best guitarists are the ones that set stuff on fire from playing... or have a phd in astrophysics like the one from Queen.
 Yes. He is a smart guy.
 Its a great musical instrument
 it should be in the rock and roll hall of fame
 A long time ago at the fillmore east I saw grand funk railroad. Talk about loud and sparks flying
 Were an American band, Im your Captain, Some kind of wonderful, are some hits they had in the 1970s
 Mark Farner i think was lead guitar
 Nice! Well thank you for opening up my ears to some new awesome music. Now i got some new stuff to listen to. It's been a pleasure chatting with you about guitars and piano's. :)
 The Hypocrites put on really amusing stage productions!
 Yes, I would love to go and check Pirates, Pinafore and the Mikado
 That is a living dream. A pajama party and a live satirical operetta with talented musician clowns. that is something else
 It might. And it is nice they start with sweet dreams from Eurythmics
 They play with music and even with toys. They did release beach balls in pirates of penzance, fun
 They also swap genders in the production of Pinafore.
 the price is not expensive, $30 to $74
 How much do you like jazz
 I dig it.    Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans, United States
 It  is fascinating, comes from ragtime and blues and it is called the Classical music of America
 It did spread around the world and gave origin to different styles around the world
 Great! I also love the dance-oriented swing big bands like the Kansas city jazz
 Cool, it is funny that rapper Tupac Shakur studied jazz, acting and poetry.. but became a rapper.
 Yes.  Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz fan!
 Neat!  I bet that is a pain to drag up the guitars and piano  up there.
 Whoa!  His playing was literally on fire.  lol  Brian May from Queen uses coins as guitar picks.
 Interesting.  The guitarist from Pink Floyd turned a houseboat into a recording studio.  Crazy stuff.
 Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody that Paul McCartney used to record Hey Jude.
 Good talking to you!
 Yes, it did!! I have been there! You will love it! Lots of music and energy...It was developed from the blues and ragtime.
 Yes, hmmm seems like MJ's songs can cause fires! lol I think it would be pretty interesting to be on Pink Floyd's houseboat called Astroria!  It's a recording studio.
 You too! Good chat!!
 Yes. Honestly all of Queen always struck me as a very intelligent group of men. I am also a big fan. 
 I did not. It's been so long that I honestly can't remember what that sounded like. I wonder where the iPhone ring tone came from because I hear that everywhere lol. 
 I had not heard that but it's actually quite touching that he could find a way. Speaking of piano, Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude.
 Hello!  Are you a tennis fan or do you play?
 I only tried playing in college to kill time.  I stunk up the courts I was so bad.  The longest tennis match in history went on for over 11 hours and was spread over 2 days.  Crazy.
 I'm not sure.  They once had to use a helicopter to dry the grass courts for the 1969 US open.  Bet that dried it fast.
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  Polo shirts were originally invented by a tennis player and were later adopted by polo players.  Interesting.
 lol  Good point!  They say that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.  I question that... lol
 I'm a big googler myself.  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon. Crazy how far technology has come since then.
 When google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 it took 40 percent of the web traffic with it.  I don't remember that.
 I didn't know that.  I know at one time they used hundreds of live goats to mow the lawns around their headquarters.  They really like their animals.
 I agree!  Good was founded in 1998.  I could have sworn I remember using it before then.
 Interesting!  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you!  Have a good night!
 It was good chatting with you!
 Yes. Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent or doubles.
 Yes, It is more comfortable to wear while playing, and it also make the popular of the shirts.
 Google was founded in 1998. It is an American multinational technology company that is specialized in internet-related services.
 It is the biggest search engine and cloud computing service. It also many application like gmail, youtube, etc...
 It is very interesting thing. Technology are used to identify were are we. It affect the privacy of person.
 Do you like tennis? I just love to play the sport.
 i love it! Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent or in teams
 Do you like Starship Troopers?  
 I have no idea.  lol  The word robotics was made up by a book writer - Isaac Asimov.  Seems like robots and space are always a big theme for science fiction books and movies. 
 That's interesting!  What a job to have!  That's just like something out of the movie Star Wars, which came out in 1977 and the value of that franchise is now $65 billion dollar! 
 I wonder if someone was fired at fox because of George Lucas deal. Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 The Loch Ness monster should have legal rights to! Did you know that there are 20 quintillion individual animals on planet Earth. I have no idea how many zeros that is but I know it is a lot LOL
 We use a fan for sure. Also started using like a slow cooker or toaster oven not as hot and now can fit up to a whole chicken.
 I heard some people turn their wrist upside down  to get their blood flowing to stay cool.
 THere was a koi fish that lived 226 years
 Very cool. Pigeons are very pretty birds.
 Oh yeah! I pick up a racket and hit the net when I can!
 Nice!  Did you know that polo shirts were invented for tennis and only later adopted by polo players?
 Nice!  I wonder if anyone ever tried to use something wacky?  A black man won the 1st US open tennis title in 1968 and no black man has won it since.
 Wow! Not since 1968? You know, Serena Williams has increasingly found her voice and spoken out against gender and racial inequality. 
 Yes!  Did you know that she speaks fluent French and Italian, as does her sister Venus!
 She is truly fascinating! She does it all! She is the first tennis player, male or female, to achieve the career Golden Slam in both singles and doubles. That means she won at least one Australian Open title, French Open title, Wimbledon title, US Open title, and Olympic Gold medal.
 That's pretty incredible!  They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 US Open.
 lol  I do remember that.  Both her and her sister brought alot of good publicity to the sport.
 That is incredible!  The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days.  Wow!
 Wow!  That would have been fun to watch...not so fun for the players. lol
 Holy smokes I wouldn't be able to listen that fast!  lol  It's been fun chatting with you!
 I'll have to look him up!  Have a great night!
 I really like her! 
 That is interesting! Did you know in Tennis years ago you were allowed to use any object as your racket? Haha
 Any object! So yes lol....must have been interesting!! As funny as if you grunt...before a shot...it is by some considered to be cheating!
 Wow, I could never last that long! Speaking of Serena Williams, I didn't know she went pro at age 13! That is amazing....and she is co owner of the Miami Dolphins...wow!
 That is true. But he does do cool stuff every now again like the time he gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at one of his concerts. That was nice of him!
 True. I loved how he did an SNL skit where he mocked himself interrupting award shows ironically two years before he interrupted Taylor Swift at an award show. Ha!
 Agreed. Since we're on the subject of rap, are you a fan of Tupac. I'm so glad his music is in the library of Congress of cultural significance. He was a talented musician!
 Indeed he could! I also think Eminem can as well. I'm glad he became a rapper instead of becoming a comic book artist as he wanted to do growing up. Oh what might have been!
 So true. And speaking of Eminem, it's hilarious the judge who was trying a suit against Eminem back in 2001 delivered her ruling in the form of a rap. Glad some judges still have a sense of humor. Ha! Well it was great chatting with you! Take care!
 You have a good evening as well. I'm off to watch the Rugrats movie to see if I recognize Busta Rhymes' voice in it as the Reptar wagon. Ha! Take care!
 Yep you're right about that. Back to Kanye West though, what do you think about him giving a mic to one of his fans in a wheelchair at a concert? That was nice of him
 Yeah, he's definitely an interesting guy, his ideas are not always good though, for instance he thinks that aids is a man-made disease
 Yes, mostly they are meant to make fun of other people LOL but I think a compliment battle is actually a very smart thing and would promote positivity
 Humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago. Do you know ?
 Scientists recently found a human print inside a ground sloth's paw marks.
 NIce! Animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin c, But humans cannot.
 Yes, But there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 Yes. Both human and animals are live together. I make our eco-system. The special branch of science to study animals is called zoology.
 There are about 20 quintillion animals on planet earth.
 In 1912 Scottish protection of animals act, the loch ness monster is a protected species.
 Alaska has had a cat named stubbs as its mayor since 1997.
 There are cat cafes in Japan and Taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks.
 Yes, Its very naughty and its one of family memebers.
 I also have a cat, Ive always wondered what breed it is since there are over 70 breeds registered.
 Amazing! Its very nice to hear this.
 Do you like Tennis?
 I didn't know she did that.  She speaks fluent French and Italian.
 That is interesting.  Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance"
 I didn't know that.  In 2007 she was ranked 95th in the world.
 lol true!  Big Mac sounds like it would be a good rapper name.  Eminem's true dream was to become a comic book artist before he was a rapper.
 I know right?  Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle rap called "compliment battle"  Never heard of that before.
 I didn't know that.  In 2001 a Michigan judge delivered a ruling in the form of a rap when judging over a suit filed against Eminem.  I bet that was funny to hear in the court room.
 I agree.  It's always so quiet during tennis matches.
 That would have been interesting.  Polo shirts were originally invented bor tennis and later adopted for polo players.
 I just admire Serena for speaking up for women's rights, even though it comes at a great personal cost to her. She truly is a warrior for women.
 I agree.  In 1998 she shaid that both she and her sister Venus could beat any man ranked 200 or worse.  
 You know it!  
 yeah had seen few videos of the easter eggs of mickey in every production
 Thats some sound advice! His Gold Digger song was really fun to listen to but thats about it.
 I really enjoyed the soundtrack of Moana. Beauty and the Beast also had a pretty good one.
 I have, it was an excellent movie. What about you?
 Ah, the infamous k-pop. I have listened to some of that here and there.
 It was nice chatting with you too! Thank you for you time!
 I love them! some of my favorites. how about you?
 oh probably the Episode 1 podracer game. that was a goood one. I cant believe how successful its become after George Lucas made that one movie way back in the 70s
 thats awesome. Did you know Ewan McGregors brother goes by Obi-Two?
 I played the old Super Star Wars games on the SNES, and Knights of the Old Republic on Xbox. Those games were awesome
 James Cameron decided to join the film industry after watching star wars, he drected those 2 films
 Oh, really? That is really interesting.
 I'm not sure, but I hope not, that is way too long!
 It must be very boring. If we ever do have contact, I wonder if they would tell us?
 It's very scary to think about, hopefully we don't.
 It's very interesting. It's amazing how long the earth has sustained life.
 Yeah, I found that out a few years ago, there is so much ocean that hasn't been explored. Can you imagine what is in there?
 I think it's great to learn about. 
 That is awesome! I seen something about starship troopers is the only science fiction novel that is used by three of the five branches in the us military.
 Yeah me either! A judge in 1950's tried to ban science fiction comics. Get this, because there was a black character! 
 I know right! haha, well it was nice talking to you, I've got to fix dinner now. Bye! :)
 Great! Did you know that Oscar Isaac requested that his character in The Force Awakens be from Yavin 4, because he's from Guatemala and that's where the Yavin 4 scenes were shot in the original trilogy?
 Huh, he didn't win an Emmy for the Star War Christmas special? Haha. In 2013 Star Wars was the first film to be dubbed into a Native American language -- Navajo. 
 You would think. It is sad. For the original Star Wars movie, James Earl jones only got paid $7500 and recorded all of his lines in just 2 and a half hours. Talk about a bargain. 
 And that's after they studio thought it was going to flop, so Lucas gave up his $500k directing fee in return for licensing and merchandising rights. Maybe one of the best business decisions ever made!
 Seems like it was over a billion. Back to Lucas's wife -- she had a lot of the best ideas for the original movie, like Obi Wan's death. 
 I cried when I saw that part. Still makes me sad. She also suggested Leia's good luck kiss...
 And re-edited the trench run scene to make it more suspenseful. Those are some big contributions. Much deserving of the editing Oscar. 
 Totally agree. I did LOVE the spin-off Rogue One though from 2016. That one felt like a true Star Wars movie from back i the day. 
 I did like that one. I thought that had a good story and nice acting. There's a reason why they are the most successful film merchandising franchise!
 Definitely. I also like the diversity of the films. Did you know in the 1950's a judge tried to ban a sci-fi comic because one of the characters was black? Crazy. 
 The 50's were a different time, unfortunately. One of the first sci-fi stories is thought to be from ancient Greece, over 1800 years ago, about plant-based aliens living on the moon.
 Haha. Isaac Asimov coined the term Robots in 1941. I'd have thought it was much older than that. 
 Yeah. That seems young. Nice chatting with you!
 travel the world and explore as many countries as possible . and you?
 Yes, I rod a once, I was raised on a farm and all my friends had a horse except me.
 THey are such gentle creatures. Nice chatting with you.
 I think the same. It was good talking to you too!
 Hello. Do you play any video games?
 Yes, cathode ray tubes have come and gone and the game plays on.  I have a Playstation 3, but no plans to upgrade.  
 Yes, people let them run and they network together.  Sort of like the 1760 PS3's used by the department of defense to make a super computer.  Never tried Madden.
 Never played madden. You will have to try it. How about grand theft auto. Have you played that one?
 I do indeed love GTA.  I want to say that I played early rev levels on a PC.  It was a different game back then. FUDGE RIPPLE!  I will search for a disk and see if it is audio.
 THe original game when played in a cd player would play the soundtrack to the game.
 Actually I have. I dont know if that is why I got it though. I was typing a lot for work when I got it.
 Yes, it can be a big deal.  Imagine a Major League Baseball player missing games because of carpel tunnel.  LOL.
 I can imagine it. It really is painful. Did you know that baseball managers wear a uniform because they are allowed to play if needed?
 He would be steamed and I would be totally embarrassed. Lol. Did you ever play soccer baseball. That's what Canadians call kickball.
 Maybe he should. What did you think about that guy findin 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grandpas attic.
 I do like GOT! George RR Martin is the author and a genius!
 ya, he is a great actor though, so many classic roles like Maverick in Top gun and Ron Kovic in Born on the Fourth of July
 Yeah I really like him in The Last Samurai.  He spend time learning Japanese and swordplay on this own to prepare for the role.  Good on him.
 I liked him in Rainman too, that movie won Best Picture.  I think one of my favorites is when he plays a hitman in Collateral with Jamie Foxx.
 oh wow ya I'm glad I didn't get that, I just use Netflix and thats enough for me
 I am!  I have been a subscriber for years and especially love the original content!
 I was! I think it was in 2007 when they started adding streaming features.
 Actually, Peter Dinklage plays Tyrion Lannister on Game of Thrones! 
 Oh wow! That's a beautiful show I've been meaning to watch, it's filmed in Ireland I think! And from the limited parts I've seen the scenery is gorgeous.
 Yes. It is my most favorite show - which it definitely has earned with all of its Emmys - 47 to be exact! 
 Oh wow that's very cool! Hey at least if you ever want to pick up a new show after, Nat Geo Wild has a show that parodies Game of Thrones but follows lions!
 Me too. I love Top Gun.
 It was great chatting.
 Did you know the china wall was very large and famous in the world.
 I love tom cruise and his movies. It was awesome. mission impossible movie was so great.
 Yep I like Mission Impossible II. I also like The Color of Money in the movie Cocktail. Eyes Wide Shut was pretty weird though haha
 tom cruise edge of tomorrow movie was awesome. edge of tomorrow directer has a great mind.
 Tom cruise was great actor and hard worker. He spend a lot of to learn a japanese language.
 I watch all 7 seasons. it's all are good.
 good morning to you
 Good morning! Are a fan of The Simpsons? Fox News once tried to sue to get the show to stop parodying them. 
 They practically ARE a parody! Do you remember their version of the Daily show from 2007? Man, it was terrible. Really, really terrible. It was canceled after 13 episodes. 
 Yeah, fox tried to copy it with their own show called the Half Hour News Hour. 
 I did not know that. But I'm sure Rupert Murdoch owns dozens of companies I don't know about. Another thing I didn't know -- Hillary Clinton was the president of the You ng Republicans in college. 
 I'd say. Nixon actually proposed a guaranteed minimum wage, the only president to ever do so. 
 No. Couldn't even finish the one I started. Canada's first official currency was playing cards! Now that's cool. 
 Haha. Hawaii passed single payer healthcare in 2009, but the governor wouldn't sign it into law. If only the rest of the country would follow suit - and then pass it into law. 
 Yeah. In Kentucky, you can't take office if you've ever participated in a duel. Maybe that's what we need more of in politics today -- duels. 
 No not really, but I love them many people are scared of them but I think they are interesting animals
 It seems like a strange coincidence? 
 Yea, she also walks backwards around paparazzi.
 Okay now I understand. He'd make a good mascot for the Demos.
 True! Do you ever Listen to Taylor Swift?
 She writes a lot of her music about herself. Very popular singer. Who do you listen to?
 And she owns a private jet!
 Yes,it was funny.  Do you know that Foxnews tried to sue the Simpsons?
 Me too. It was good talking to you.
 That's interesting!  He is a member of the Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes.  I don't know much about those two tribes.  His book is about a boy?
 True!  I went to an indian reservation this past summer in New York.  It was the Seneca nation and I went through one of their museums.  They pretty much got kicked out of their land just like all the other tribes in the nation.
 Interesting!  A judget ried to ban a science fiction comic in the 1950's because it featured a black character. 
 I think I remember reading about that before.  Literature was an olympic event from 1912 to 1952.  I would like to see one of those gold medals.
 Surprisingly, the Pilgrims wore clothing that was full of color and they only wore black for special occasions.  I'm so used to seeing them stereotyped wearing black and white.
 I would hope so.  lol  I guess it depends on your body type, etc.
 Have a good night.
 I enjoy both fiction and non, however, I espcially like fiction books that have fact along with some imagination sprinkled in.
 I am a fan somewhat!  I know that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fictino.
 Hhaha I was when I was little more than I am now.  In the 1950's a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character.  What a sad sign of the times back then.
 I didn't know that.  There's a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities.
 I don't know.  We'll have to go look on wikipedia.  lol  I know someone who was the best one year though in literature and that was in 1953 when Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature.
 Nope.  Literature was an olympic event from 1912 to 1952.  I wonder how they judged that?
 Hmmm.....that I don't know.  I think it was some girl named ...Anne?
 I didn't know that.  I wonder if any of the pieces are worth money now as collectibles?
 I always seem to remember school portraying them to wear black and white.  Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea yet the label says Made in China.  I'm not familiar with that brand.  They sound shady to me.
 It was fun and nice chatting with you as well!
 I've seen videos online where baby elephants interact with humans in a similar style to puppies. It's a definite bucket list experience for me!
 For me my pets have always been family. I care for them more than I do some people I know.
 That's probably why they're so popular worldwide!
 Good question.  Dogs are not colour blind, but cannot see as many different colours as humans
 When they first cloned a cat, they named it copy cat.  Haha
 Haha, that's good stuff there.  It is not legal to "own" pets in boulder, colorado, but you may be their "guardian."
 Wow, that's an interesting fact.  Check this out. In japan, there are more pets than there are children under 15
 Yes, flow and delivery.
 Not really!  lol  I guess I do as long as they leave me alone.
 Nice!  I didn't know that.  Only 70 percent of the worlds snakes lay eggs.
 Yes.  Boas and some others give live birth.
 Yikes!  I don't want to see those.  Not even in a zoo.  lol  When snakes are born with 2 heads, they fight each other food.  That's creepy too.  Is that a common thing with snakes?????
 I know right?  I'm going to have to google it.  A man has been bitten so many times by snakes that his blood is able to be used as antivenom.  I wouldn't want to be him.
 I believe it.  I jump and shout when I see one. lol  Australia is the only continent where ven9omous snakes outnumber the non-venomous ones.
 Those salt water crocs. I wouldn't want to cross paths with either from there. lol  Some owls keep blind snakes in their nests as helpful associates, reducing the abundance of nest parasites.  How interesting is that?  ...and how do they know they are blind? lol
 That's interesting!  Do you happen to read any fiction at all?
 I didn't know that.  The term robotics was accidentally coined by science fiction author Isaac Asimov in 1941.
 Hi, how are you?
 I have not heard of the book or the miniseries. I do have HBO and will look for it when it comes out.
 Nice. I think I do remember that one now. It's with Amy Adams I think... I did see Gone Girl, did you see that one?
 lynn's novels are feminist precisely because they aim a megawatt beam, bright as prison lights, into the dark corners of women's minds and lives
 There's a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities.
 Couldn't it be both? Couldn't her looks be a power and a liability when she uses them inappropriately?
 Her beauty is part of her underlying charatcher which allows her to have so many more dimensions than just beauty.
 I always question how the author should portray the protaginist in her own books... What's appropriate for the author is not for the reader. 
 Nice chatting with you.
 I do like comics. I fell in love with it when Edgar allen poe wrote about it.
 He wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg, correct? That is awesome! Fiction is derived from the imagination and Poe had a great imagination!
 And in 2001 a judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap. Stay in your lane your honor!
 Nice chatting with you!
 WOW! I did love him as the voice of Woody in toy story but I just love pixar.
 I am wondering about it too. He called it the supreme achievement of the modern age in comedy. Nice chat :)
 Yes, I do.  Mostly old stuff with Bill Murray, though!
 I love comedy. It's my favorite.
 good morning.
 Yeah I love a good comedy.
 Me too!  Did you see Bill Murray's Kung Fu Hustle?
 I think I may have seen it. I dont see it as the supreme achievement in comedy like he does though.
 I was going to ask what you thought about it.  Jack Black was going to star in the Green Lantern which was originally supposed to be a comedy.  
 I think it would have been better as a comedy. I like Jack Black movies.
 I love them!  He cracks me up.  I like corny goofball comedy.  I used to like watching 3rd Rock from the Sun when it was on tv for that same reason.
 Yeah I liked the goofy brother. Dont remember his name. I thought he was funny.
 Yes.  I can picture his face, but can't remember his name either.  That show won a golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 considering the other shows that were on at the time that is surprising.
 Yes.  It beat out Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier.
 Well me personally. I would rather watch third rock any day. Those other shows were quite popular in their day though.
 Yes.  I agree.  Do you know who the highest all time box office star is?
 Yeah its Tom hanks. Over 8.5 billion in the Box office. Thats a lot of money.
 Holy smokes!  You're not kidding!  Did you know Disney's animation studios almost shut down after "Sleeping Beauty" was a box office failure?
 It may have flopped in the box office, but it became pretty popular after that. I would say they made a good bit of money off sleeping beauty.
 I would think so too.  However it wasn't their biggest flop.  That would have been "Treasure Planet" which was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time!
 I dont think I even saw that one.
 I remember it, but don't remember seeing it either.  Silence of the Lambs had a box office of over $270 million and came out on Valentines Day 1991.
 That was a good movie. Still a classic. Have  a good one.
 I used to play them when I was younger. I was never good at Tetris though even though it is one of three best selling video games of all. 
 Okay, well then maybe I'm not so sad that I am not good at it. I would not want to deal with that.
 Oh! I'm glad you're still here. I thought you were gone. Well, that is great for PTSD sufferers. 
 Yes, that does, I agree! I think its cute that babies hear music and spontaneously dance.
 I know I have a hard time! When babies hit the beat it makes them smile.
 That was smart. those moves were pretty extreme, so that explains a lot of how it was done.
 That was in Hong Kong.Now I want to see if there is any footage of him dancing. Have a good day!
 I think it's incredible how easily they can fly.  It's probably because their bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers!
 That's funny!  There are wild birds in Australia that can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws. That could get noisey!
 That's a good possibility!  The extinct dodo bird is actually a sub family of pigeon.  Interesting.
 I can't dance but wish I could.  Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in the Nutcracker!
 Wow.  I had no idea he danced but I can see that going hand in hand with the karate moves.
 I didn't know that.  Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.  That could get expensive!
 Ouch!  That's all I'll say.  I would have broken toes.  Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that was used to help him achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves.
 I did back in the day.  The 3 best selling videogames of all time are Tetris, Minecraft, and Wii sports.  I had fun chatting with you!
 LOL Have a great night!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Pretty good, on top of their division last year, but no where as good as the Red Sox.  They had an amazing start to the year, and then they won the World Series.
 Holy crap, nice. Probably fat bonuses for everybody... but hey... if they made their fans happy, why the heck not... they earned it !
 well... when one soccer team meets other soccer team and those two towns/teams are not friendly... You need to take whatever You can smuggle to the stadium to fight off the hooligans from the other team ;) lol - baseball bats are selling good in Poland but nobody plays the game ;) lol
 Thank you.  It was nice to talk with you.
 I guess they are doing well at the moment.  they went so long without winning anything and now they can't stop.
 That's a new name to me, seems like a name from a Star Wars movie.  I wonder if they are the best team in baseball right now?
 I'm originally from a different country but my wife is from Cleveland.  She used to get very excited in the late nineties when they had a good team.
 England, been here over twenty years.  Have not really got into baseball, went to a few games in the past at Camden Yard and Jacobs Field.
 I guess it's in the rules, that's why they wear the uniform.  I'd love to see one of those really old managers walk up to bat one day.
 Yeah.  It would be even better if that old manager knocked it out of the park.  Babe Ruth didn't look like an athlete so why not?
 He was an exceptional player, but he doesn't strike me as someone who was quick on his feet.  New York should be able to forgive him
 Guess all the curses are going away, there must be a statute of limitations on them.
 Ha!  Yes, the "Curse of the Bambino" apparently was rescinded.  The Sox won last...
 Nice talking with you, Go Royals!
 I learned a lot, Thanks for chatting! 
 I might have to watch a little baseball this season now lol.. take care
 Hi, how are you?
 Hi! Good!
 Do you enjoy baseball?
 I do like baseball, but I don't really follow it. How about you?
 I love it. Watch a lot of games every year and can't wait until spring training... Babe ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 and lose the 1926 world series with his team down by one run.
 Wow, that's awesome! Who is your favorite Baseball team? I like my Az team lol
 Chicago Cubs. I'm from Chicago so... Love going to Wrigley!
 O wow, that must be fantastic! I also like the Boston Red Sox, did you know the new york times has partial ownership?
 That's a lot! Up until 2005, a married couple, for 24 years, scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year
 A man found three million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic- hidden since the 1940s. 
 I did. And they won in 2016 so that/s inaccurate. But it's not your fault... You've been great!
 I hope it was... At least it wasn't on national TV...
 Nice chatting with you.
 Great chatting with you too! Have a good one!
 You too
 Many such games fit that description.   Golf is one I enjoy.
 I like golf a lot. It's a real shame how much water is wasted per day on each course, though. It's over 300,000 gallons a day a course!
 I suppose that comes with games that cannot and do not utilize a standardized playing area
 Well, what do you expect with a game invented at the YMCA?
 Funny how things get named - like golf uses clubs, but baseball uses a bat.
 Wow that is crazy long. Well it was nice chatting with you. Have a good day.
 I did not know that either. I enjoy playing softball, it is a lot more fun to play recreationally than baseball.
 At least the YMCA created basketball and therefore one of the major sports leagues around today. Not bad for a recreational game they thought up.
 I'm doing very well, thanks. I love sports
 You guessed it correctly. Babe Ruth, he was a fantastic baseball player and at one point America's most famous golfer.
 Yes he was. It was nice chatting with you as well. Have a nice night!!!
 you have a nice weekend as well. 
 I did not know that. Very interesting. Well, it was good chatting with you.
 Hmm so I guess not a good spot for smokers either
 Same here, have a good one.
 No, I can't say I know a whole lot about that.  But, it's been nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day!
 Chadwick Boseman played the character Black Panther.
 He also read a lot of nonfiction. Good way to get an education. No need for school. 
 A man of many talents! Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Yeah I wonder what all the party balloon companies will do to survive.  Anyways, it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 That's a lot of money. They are re-releasing th emovie for free from February 1 - 7 for african american month...
 Yeah, I can barely read and here he is showing off reading that much@
 I do too!!! Well, its been good talking to you. I have to get going. Have a great day. Goodbye!
 You too!
 Yes, I've been trying to go to a lot more shows lately. I recently saw Bill Burr and he was very funny.
 That was a lot of great shows nominated at once. I watch a lot of Brooklyn Nine Nine now, I think that's one of the best shows on TV.
 He must have really felt the calling to it. It was fun chatting about comedy with you, have a great day!
 Yeah exactly and who's going to end phone conversations with "excelsior" like he did.
 Hello, are you a comedy fan?  Are you familiar with Ken Jeong's
 He is actually a Dr.  He studied at Duke University.
 Yes, I heard about this awhile back.  A women was having a seizure.  He first thought she was a heckler.
 Hecklers are not funny at all. I went to a comedy show where there were several and they ruined the whole performance. I don't think I could be a comedian you have to have a tough skin. He is good, though.
 I'm sure he makes more as a comedian and actor.  After his actions he told the crowd that he checked her vitals and reassured the crowd.  They applaued him.
 K-pop is the music which is originated in South Korea, they are more popular in 2000.
 I like how South Korea blasted K-Pop across the border to North Korea in 2010.
 The north korea sank a south korean warship in 2010, south korea responded by blasting the k-pop song "hit your heart" across the border using large military loud speakers.
 I bet that was very annoying to listen to all day and night! Did you know even Jackie Chan manages a K-Pop boy band?
 Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, to make the movement repeat and well organised.
 Speaking of choreography, ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shows a week!
 Ballet dance is originated in Italian Renaissance in the 15th century and it become concert dance in France and Russia.
 I think it is cool that it's still around to this day. Michael Jackson has some patents on some of his dance moves, crazy!
 Dance is also represent the culture and traditional of particular region. Mostly it make our body well control and organised.
 Babies are dances immediately when they hear music and make their body very flexible.
 It is very interesting. Dance is art, sometime other forms of human movement are sometimes said to have dance like quality, including martial arts and physical activity.
 Birds are living world wide and there are more than ten thousand spices world wide. Birds have wings which developed more or less according to their species.
 So only it make to fly very high and far away. Some times birds travel from one continent to another continent for their breed.
 They really don't huh? Have a good day!
 Hi, how are you?
 I know but creative people are drawn to the arts. Just like how babies are drawn to music. They will spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile when they hit the beat.
 Some birds are so beautiful it is almost like they are dancing in flight. Hummingbirds are some of my favorites. Did you know they steal spiderwebs to build their nests?
 Yeah I love a little dog, especially one in a little sweater or a shirt! I've even seen one in a polo shirt. The polo shirt was actually invented for tennis, not polo!
 Yeah, I like them too. I have cozy sweater looking ones for the house. It's getting hot where I am already but we were blessed with another cool day. I'm going to go enjoy the evening, have a good one!
 Yes!  It is such a cool concepts.  Recycle bottles for  dog food.  How neat!
 I do!  I have one and have had one all my life since I was a kid.
 Nice!  Some dogs in Moscow have learned to use the subway!
 Well those dogs are definitely smarter than me lol. Dogs aren't color blind either, just don't see the same thing we see!
 I wonder why they always have said they are? lol  I always find it amusing how a dog drinks with the underside of their tongue.
 Cool!  Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research subjects.  Kind of sad.
 It really is. I just love dogs haha. Did you know in Hawaii the office attire of choice is the aloha shirt? Talk about comfy!
 Nice!  Sign me up!  lol  At Billy Mays funeral the pallbearers wore blue shorts and khaki pants.  Kind of casual and different.
 I didn't know that!  I know the tshirt was invented in 1904 and was marketed to bachelors who couldn't sew or replace buttons.
 That would be the market I would have been in back then haha. I wish I would have invented the Ugg boots back then too haha.
 Nice.  I'm thinking of a different boot then.  lol  The late musician Prince was a fantastic bowler and wore knee high furry boots while doing it.
 I think I've read about that before and have seen the picture.  I think it was in Paris, France.
 You should google it.  It's pretty neat.  They are really tiny and didn't know they were in the picture.
 Hi do you like to wear shirts?  I do!  I wear them every day.
 Wouldn't that be awesome to go to work like that!  At Billy Mays funeral the pallbearers all wore blue shirts and khaki pants.
 True.  I've used them over my head to keep the sun off me. lol
 I would guess so? lol  Do you own a pair of Ugg boots?
 Nice.  I was going to ask if you lived by the ocean. I've never had any even though I live by Lake Michigan.  The Nokia company originally started making rubber boots in the 1800's and they still make them to this day.
 I use to live near Lake Michigan.  I have been to both oceans and the Gulf of Mexico. I don't know if my Ugg boots would go well with my Hawaiian shirt.  What do you think? 
 That's awesome you've been able to see all those places.  The way I see it if you have the chance to where you can wear both at the same time, then go for it.  Life is about have fun right? lol
 lol That's funny.  I wonder if they did it so they wouldn't get clawed?  My friend had chickens growing up and they had a rooster that was super mean and would go out of it's way to try to claw you.
 Oh yeah.  That sucker was mean let me tell you.  I think I would have a rabid dog chase me, which by the way dogs are not color blind!
 We could call the bout a " Cock-a-Poodle-Do".  That was bad! lol.  I know dogs aren't color blind but they don't see as many colors as humans do.
 LOL That's funny!  Google prefers dogs over cats!  The wrote in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing.  You have a nice day too!  Thanks for the chat!
 Cool!  Have a good day!
 I have watched them pull some to make them nearby.  The way they flit about is so beautiful to watch.  It is almost elegant like a dance. ..performing art!
 I wonder if because they are now going global with this music if you will start to see fusion music.  Would mix well with Latin beats.
 Hilarious. I didn't know that babies did that. 
 I would be so excited to find something like that just sitting in my family's attic. Since they were from the 40's there had to be some amazing cards in there. 
 That is a neat fact! I love that people always associate the cowboy hat with the old west but really it was the bowler that was the favorite of the time. 
 Ha, yeah!  I'm told they laughed the Netflix people out of the office when they made an offer to them.  They regret that decision for sure!  
 Get this, Netflix has people on it's staff who's job is to watch the shows and tag the content (guessing with genre tags and stuff.)  Get PAID to watch Netflix?  Where do I sign up for that?  LOL
 I agree it is the time of big corporations. I wonder if the tv show where the earth is ruled by corporations instead of countries will come to pass? In any case, thank you for the wonderful chat.
 hi friend
 Hello! Hope you're having a good day.
 thank you friend do you like this topic
 iam really enjoyed for chat for you and you happy  chating for me
 yes i know this books is so great
 I agree! And I loved how the Christopher Robin movie brought the characters to live through a mix of live action and computer animation.
 yes in this book is so interesting character also and nice book
 is good k tell for you boring character for this book 
 yes l like you answer
 OK you most favorite for other anyone books
 i like some Disney books
 iam always  like  action story is my favorite 
 yes i watch for more than action movies for Netflix 
 yes you are really correct friend Netflix is good for always
 thank you friend i really happy for talking for you
 Yeah.  It was pretty nostalgic for me since I used to love Winnie the Pooh as a kid.  It was fun.  I recommend it, if you're interested.
 Hi. how are you, this morning?
 Yes, he is.  I didn't go see it, because I thought people would look at me strange seeing a "kids" movie.  But I always liked Winnie the Pooh, as a child.
 I heard that he was the author's son in real life.  That's so cool, talk about having a book written about you.
 Me either. Lol The New York public library is the home of the real Winnie the pooh toy teddy bear.  I saw it once on a school trip, it looked old and raggedy.
 They probably do, I'm going to look for it and watch it, if they do.
 That's true.  Well, it's been nice talking with you, I'll see you around.
 the vikings were warrior poets. lol what the heck? did they just shout poetry at the enemy ?
 True, but it is also about technology - how the sensor produces an electrical charge for each pixel.
 OK.    I guess ultimately it is about the people behind it, like James Wong Howe who won an Oscar.
 I do not know, but he frequently used a crab dolly and deep-focus cinematography to create his style.
 I would be awfully annoyed if I were that cinematographer, haha. First I can't do my job, then I get credit for something I didn't even do!
 Perhaps the Internet Movie Database IMDb should create a new category for things like this!
 Yes, Netflix creating their own content seems like it's part of a cinematography revolution or something!
 Sounds like a very talented and revolutionary cinematographer. One of my favorites is Stanely Kubrick. He did Spartacus.
 Well I guess he's usually considered a producer, but he did a lot of the work on Spartacus. He is a cool guy...you should look up an interview of his.
 That's pretty cool! I like that Steve Smith leaves his cleats every game to make people aware of the homeless without shoes.
 That's crazy! It would be nice to have business attire be an aloha shirt like in Hawaii. I would be much more comfortable.
 Hi, how are you?
 Did you ever see her "Cribs" episode on MTV? She is super-extra!
 I do like pop music. Did you know Ariana Grande got hit by a puck twice in one game?
 Yeah, it just was on twitter or Apple news this past weekend. There's a picture of her sitting on a zamboni too!
 Yeah. She is going to a farm in the spring. That's not code. OUr friend has a farm and some barn cats so she will be relocated there.
 Gross. Nice chatting with you!
 Good evening, why yes, I am.  Are you?
 George Harrison was my favorite.
 I have a 12 year old yellow lab and a 10 year old yorkie/ poodle mix and they are the best and are truly man's best friend!
 Both of them are very smart and understand pointing and are better behaved than many children I see in stores.
 You too, friend.  Enjoy the rest of your night!
 I am sure that those shoes are also much, much more expensive to manufacture although trying them on would be a pretty neat experience
 They probably smell bad because they're so old, we should put dry tea bags inside of them because that will absorb the odor LOL
 That is probably because it is much warmer there. Nevertheless, I also wish that I could show up to work in a random t-shirt!
 Same here
 Hi partner, what type of shoes do you like?
 You are right. I agree with you.
 These are all the questions I have for you, thanks
 Thank you. Nice talking with you! 
 Thanks
 hi
 i am good...
 Yes...... when i was in clg
 thats amazing...... 
 castle of glass, my favorite 
 thats great..... i listen to their songs abut to be quiet frank i dont know them as you do........
 best music was from the 80's.... all kinds...... wish we were born then.
 Queen i a legend like he used to mention...... lots of his songs are my energy boosters
 absolutely....... songs  like another one bites the dust, Crazy little thing called love, i want to break free, we will rock you and of course bohemian rhapsody .... legendry
 its really good , paper cut, with you,  runaway...... good songs
 I agree...... they are good.
 same here.....
 Yeah, you never know , right? Nice chatting with you.
 I think it is amazing! Not only the composition and history of earth, but also its position relative to other planets in the solar system.
 Yes, especially if they had brought Icelandic horses, which have a fifth speed, called the tolt, which is a speedwalking unit for a horse
 Yes I'm going to check it out very soon, I'm going to keep my eyes peeled for Elon Musk haha. also I'll keep my eyes peeled for his rocket that will colonize Mars haha
 sounds good, I'll be waiting for Spacex!
 Yeah apparently he acted in a thank you for smoking sketch, and his wife is an actress as well she was in the movie Inception
 Just a little too far ha-ha. And natural philosophy was a precursor of natural science.
 Eureka! He sure did. But anyway, I enjoyed our chat! It was very informative. I hope you have a great evening.
 Not really sure lol. Seems a little bizarre. It was good chatting with you!
 That's good. Take care!
 Cool, I want to go out right now and see how many I can spot. Have a good night!
 same here, have a good one
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. I know if you smoke them with BBQ sauce for 2 hours on 180 they are delicious...
 That would make the difference. I kknow they do not have necks...
 HA! Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, like a summer rain always reminds me of walking through the woods as a boy.  It's too bad we can't replicate those scents and be reminded of our childhood all of the time.
 Hi, yes I like to read both Fiction and not fiction, what about you?
 Wow, they really did a big act of censorship, it was six tons of books
 That is right along with music and painting!! And it was until last centuries!!
 Wow, And it was not mentioned frequently in greek literature
 LOL who knows!! but I found crazy that there is  a contest to come up with the worst opening sentence of a novel
 Yes he did not earn a peace nobel prize!
 Wow, I guess they use those frequencies in suspense and terror movies! but did you know we could re-grow a rib
 That would be awesome! The rib we could grow in 2 to 3 months, there must be something to regrow hair, we just have to discover it!
 That is amazing! and about sea creatures, did you know only the seahorse has a neck?
 Did you know that there is a difference how fresh water and salt water fishes drink water?
 True, they gave rise to anatomically modern Homo sapiens in Africa about 315,000 years ago
 Advantages that explain this evolutionary success include a relatively larger brain with a particularly well-developed neocortex, prefrontal cortex which enable high levels of abstract reasoning and language
 A silly one is that Humans are the only mammals that can't breathe and swallow at the same time
 Yes, I love fish (at least eating it). I find it funny that freshwater fish only "drink" water through their skin via osmosis, while saltwater fish also drink water through their mouths.
 Yeah, for sure! It's kind of funny actually, because they said that in humans, that if a human has a rib surgically shortened, that he/she can regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2-3 months.
 I do, my favorite are dogs but I also like others like cats, snakes, elephants and such
 Hai. How are you?
 Yes... same dress code to baseball managers
 Yeah, if there is a need they will have to play, I  have never seen that happen!
 oh...why are you saw that happen
 I did play kickball when i was a child did you play as well?
 oh really nice.. I am play football...
 Intersting. In canada kickball is called, soccer baseball, I think it makes sense!
 yes.. I think sports are giving knowledge.
 Did you know baseball is really popular in japan?
 yes.. I know.. But i don't know about baseball. Are you explain about baseball.
 Well, baseball is a really fun sport between two teams, the offensive , who are the batters and the defensive who are in the field.
 oh...very nice explanation. 
 Then the batter team, once they get to hit the ball, they run the bases and If they complete the bases, they score a run
 wow...very interesting game. I will try to play baseball.
 Yes, i agree is a lot of fun to play baseball and also to watch the world series!
 ok... That game was really fun... I am also watch the baseball world series.
 it is exciting because it consists of a seven game playoff, so it is not just one night, you get to extend the enjoyment many nights
 oh... I definitely play and watch the baseball game. It's really very interesting... 
 Well you are right. I hope you have a nice day!
 Yup, he earned his spot in the hall of fame after calling 4,673 games.
 I think that would be fun to see, like the cubs winning the championship after 108 years.
 For sure, it was great chatting with you. I hope you have a good rest of the night, take care!
 Hi. I'm doing very well thanks. I'm do watch baseball on occasion and I'm a casual fan.
 You probably won't like this but I'm Red Sox fan. I heard that Eric Hosmer signed with the San Diego Padres  for $144 million in an eight year contract.
 I hate how good Mookie Betts is. I think the Yankee's will give the Red Sox a run for their money this year though.
 I believe that to be the case. The Yankees are very talented club and always gave a hard time to the Red Sox whether we played them here or at Yankees.
 You're correct. They are building the team and I think they will do well in the long term but as far as them making it to the World Series, I'm not too sure about that.
 You're correct. It all comes down to exceptional pitching to make it to the World Series. I was very nice chatting with you today as well. Have a nice day!!!
 And the largest in history. Nice chatting with you.
 I agree with you. It's very screwy that they would not realize that LOL oh, did you hear about the man who found millions of dollars of baseball cards and his grandfather's attic? Now that is living the dream haha
 Hello, me too, but have you heard about Philadelphia Phillies?
 you know that ended in a 5-1 win for Strasburg and the Washington Nationals at Citizens Bank Park and gave the team its first five-game winning streak since the end of May. I was so surprised, can you imagine 5:1...
 yes that is amazing. He fell behind a couple times and got right back to throwing strikes. He did really, really well. Do you know Aaron Nola?
 Yes hi is. he Phillies' Aaron Nola has been one of the National League's best and is right behind Max Scherzer and the New York Mets' Jacob deGrom in the Cy Young conversation, that's the information I have learned
 yes me either. Then it was a nerve impingement in his neck. Now Strasburg is inching back into form, one start at a time, even if most of his fastballs are still registering in the low 90s. 
 Me too, can you believe, in Japan...  I also learned that Ryan Zimmerman added a run-scoring single three hitters later and a solo home run in the fourth that sneaked just above Odubel Herrera's glove and into the bushes beyond the center field wall.
 yes I guess so... Can you believe that he Phillies right-hander never hit a stride in five innings of work, while Strasburg was only scratched by J.P. Crawford's solo homer to start the fifth?
 yes that's for sure. Nationals pent the past month hovering on either side of mediocrity, trading key players to contending teams, watching their playoff hopes come and go with the summer. But the Nationals have shown a lot of life in the past five days, if only a week or two too late, I am very impressed, what about you?
 yes exactly. do you like baseball? 
 Yes I like to watch it from home with my friends lol  and did you know that Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises?
 it was nice to chat
 Yes. I am a dodger fan
 I was kind of surprised when they did that trade.  Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play if needed?
 Yes.  How about the guy who found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards that were hidden in his grandfathers attic since the 1940s.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I still a few packs of baseball cards every year.  It gives me the thrill I had when I was kid opening them.
 They were super huge there in the late 80s and early 90s but have died down in popularity since then.  Did you know kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada?
 Yes. I had heard that before.
 I don't know if I would like to schedule the games.  For 24 years a married couple scheduled all MLB games played each year.
 I would want no part of it.  Babe Ruth was thrown out stealing to end game 7 and lose the 1926 world series.  First time I've ever seen that fact.
 I find it interesting how they name the teams.  Surprised we don't see that here.  We could see the Walmart Cashiers playing the Target Bullseyes. lol
 The  Dodgers are called the Dodgers because their fans in Brooklyn Had to Dodge trollys to get to the Stadium. They were called trolly Dodgers, Then shortened to Brooklyn Dodgers
 That is interesting!  I honestly never knew that!    The womens cup had higher tv ratings than the world series in the US.  That kind of shows the sport is on a downtrend like the cards.
 Yes.  They are into video games now (too much if you ask me).  It's been fun talking ball with you!  I enjoyed it.  Have a good day!
 Yeah. They were once believe to have been cursed when security did not let a guy with a smelly goat in the stadium
 Haha I would do something similar. Definitely pay off my student loans and everything. And probably retire LOL. I can't believe that some guy found 3 million dollars worth of those cards in his grandfather's attic though. What a lucky guy
 No, The cubs are one two major teams in chicago.
 Yes, The chicago cubs won the 2016 world series, people celebrated in the streets, making largest gatherings  in human history.
 The chicago cubs were the first team win back to back .
 For this only the cubs did not play in a world series again until 2016.
 Yes, I hear the new. Baseball managers wear uniform because they are technically able to play for their team when need arises.
 They are very fanatic for their team should win. You ever played baseball ?
 What your Favourite game ?
 Yes, baseball is very popular in japan.
 It's sounds like a mystery. Just difficult to believe lol
 I don't know why the specifically use the word "legally".   
 I think what you meant was World Series since Super bowl is for football games.  Yes, you are right about Chicago Cubs winning back to back.
 Yes, apparently it was one of the largest gathering in human history.  I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a great day!
 That would be an interesting fact to know. It's pretty crazy the Ottoman Empire was still around when the Cubs won back to back World Series
 Yeah that could be cool. It's also cool that a man found millions of dollars worth of old baseball cards in his attic haha his grandfather and put them there and I guess forgotten about them?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 The Braves hadn't been in the playoffs for a while but made it this year.
 Have a good day!
 Yeah, it's pretty funny actually. It started in 1945 when stadium security wouldn't let a man named Billy Sianis stay in the stadium with his smelly pet goat. 
 Yes, I have seen many baseball games in my lifetime.  I still love it just as much as I did when I was a kid, playing.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to get to work.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
 The team that scores the most runs by the end of the game is the winner.  But when do the teams trade cards?  Seems hard to advance around bases and hand out cards.
 Haha really? Did they play in the World Series one year? That must be it.
 you too!
 Hey! Do you like baseball?
 Yes that was so exciting!    Especially after a 108 year drought!
 Yes - who takes a goat to a baseball game?  But 5 million people celebrated in the streets after they finally won!
 Hi, how are you?
 Good! Do you like baseball?
 The Braves over performed and the phillies did too. It would be tough to win that division with those two ahead of you.
 Talking about the world series, i found it funny that in 2014 a great song was banned by 2 san francisco radio stations, do you know why?
 HA! That's funny. Like watching babe ruth trying to steal a bag...
 Babe Ruth was a large man. He was not the fleetest of foot. He was caught stealing to end game 7 of the 1926 world series!
 that is true, founding members in 1876 with a different name
 Wow! Nice chatting with you!
 I guess. Nice chat
 I do like Game of Thrones!  Do you know any interesting facts about it?
 Me too.  I can't believe it's already been 7 seasons since it first premiered on HBO on April 17,2011.
 Yes...Harry Lloyd plays Visery Targaryen on GOT.
 LOL  Here's another one...Charlie Chapins granddaughter plays Talisa Maegyr on Game of Thrones.
 I would have to say Khal Drogo.  Arya is the fastest rising baby name given to girls in the US...most likely due to Game of Thrones.
 Yes!  GOT gets financed by Ireland because they film scenes there which boosts tourism incomes.  That makes sense.
 Maybe.  I myself would love it. lol  There is a National Geogrpahic wild show called Game of Lions that follows the lives of lions like GOT characters.  lol
 Yes!  Do you like horses at all?
 Did you know that Clint Eastwood had a mid life allergy to horses?  It was a good chat!
 Thanks!  Hope you have a good night too!
 Yeah I think we should put our priorities in different things not just celebrities. But some celebrities do good like that celebrity TV chef in Ethiopia who is trying to combat his countries hunger problem.
 I wonder when that started in the 45 to 55 million evolution of the species!
 Same here
 Hi how are you today? Are you registered to vote?
 I cant say. I like more than 1 the most. What about you?
 Yep. Its crazy but since 1928  The last time a republican was elected president without a nixon or bush on the ticket was 1928
 Merry Christmas also Bye
 Thats funny. It should be mandatory to have a beard if youre a president! Ha
 Haha that makes so much sense, staying neutral
 Baseball is ok. I remember hearing my older relatives calling the World Series the Fall Classic. It sounds very retro.
 It was nice chatting with you too!
 Perhaps I will learn how to dance this weekend at the community center.  If babies can dance, I think I can too.  Good night and have a good weekend to you too.
 I think that it was amazing how he was almost completely paralyzed and could accomplish so much.
 I don't really understand what he understood because it seems so foreign to me, but he also had a lot of wit as well to share with the world.
 Yeah, it's hard for me to relate to scientists and all of their elaborate theories but Hawking was blessed with wit. He was quite the jokester, which makes him very relatable.
 Yes, it has been fun. This talk of food has made me hungry though!
 Have a good day!
 Hi, Wow that is a hard concept to digest! Did you know it may be possible to touch a star?
 They have confirmed there are cold stars and can be touch by our hands
 Wow the universe is so marvelous and complex, there are many theories, for example that there is only one electron in the universe!
 That is a crazy theory! I totally agree. It is good there has been curious people like the Greeks, Copernicus, Newton.  Not always right but opened the way for research!
 All this has to do with Physics... did you know Pixar studied the physics of curly har for 3 years?
 hahahaha It was for Maida's hair in "Brave" very different hair from Kim's... but maybe he helped with some knowledge 
 hahaha that would not be easy! Talking about Pixar, did you ever hear about their secret room?
 I saw it in the extras of Toy Story, its cool! do you know about the highest paid celebrities?
 Wow that is a lot! Do you know Rbin williams was a pioneer in voicing characters for animation movies?
 My son use to bob his head a lot to music when he was a baby, so I believe it!
 I use it only to make my grocery list! What voice do you use for yours?
 Yes.  They're the team that only won the series twice and those wins were back to back.
 Cursed for being greedy  lol!!  Your Yankees have the second highest attendance record!
 Yes, they seem good.  I also was happy to see the Brewers finally rising to the challenge.
 I used to live in Wisconsin so still happy when they win.  LA team looks pretty good too.
 I think so as well. 
 That is interesting!  Did you see they suspended Don Mattingly because he refused to get a haircut?  I can't imagine that happening these days.
 Now you're talking!  Love the Simpsons!
 Do you remember which season? I'll have to catch that.
 I love this time of year. Baseball opening day is just around the corner.  Are you a fan?
 I have been to a few games, mostly New York Yankee games in the Bronx.
 I have been to both stadiums. I suppose I am one of the numbers that support the Yankees having the second highest attendance.
 Probably the strangest baseball trade in MLB history.  
 A lot of Japanese players have gone on to have great careers in the MLB.  Ichiro is one of the best hitters of all time.
 I love baseball as well. Did you know managers can technically play which is the reason they wear uniforms?
 For sure. Well, it was good talking to you. Have a good day. 
 Yes they were. 3 million to be exact. That would be amazing!
 Take it easy!
 I do not know much about baseball but I have been to a bunch of games, including a few Yankee games. It does have the second highest attendance.
 Baseball games are fun to go to but they take a long time. I usually end up walking around the concourse for a couple innings.
 Well thanks so much for chatting to me about baseball. I learned a lot today.
 Thanks, it was fun chatting with you as well!
 Hello! I like the New York yankee's! how about you?
 I don't follow it but I like Baseball! The world series is always exciting! The New York Yankees have a lost player....never found! How odd.
 That's funny, it has always been America's favorite pastime! I wonder if they take Baseball as serious as American's do lol, or if they watch the world series as well.
 Yeah, I don't know many Baseball teams. I do like the world series because it is pretty exciting to watch. Long ago, the women's world cup had higher tv ratings than the world series though.
 I love softball, I played on a league for a couple of years. So yep I can appreciate baseball because it is much tougher to play. The Cubs, I really don't follow them but I do love our home team too even if they are not so great lol..
 Cool! I haven't been to a Football game before, but have been to a baseball and a basketball and I think it was all pretty fun.
 Haha, very true! I didn't know Baseball managers wore uniforms...in case they need to  play! Cool
 Exactly! Well, I will continue to follow a little baseball haha, and try and watch the World series as well. You have a great night! Great chat!
 The players to don a certain haircut? That's pretty strict! I wonder whether or not people still try to sneak into those games like what Bill O' Reilly did with the fake press pass. That's pretty smart since computers and photoshop didn't seem to be too popular back then.
 I see, well it was great chatting with you! Have a good day!
 haha hot dogs sound good! and yes the objective is to hit the ball and run around the bases to get to home plate
 I follow a little. That is exciting for Dodger fans.
 I heard Maz Muncy had a three-run, second inning blast. 
 How are they doing?
 They are perennially amoung the leaders in the MLB attendance and made the post season 2 years in a row
 Do you believe that Osuna has served a 75 game suspension due to domestic violence 
 I like it.  I think because it just it's something that always makes me think of warm weather and summer time.  Did you know they call kickball soccer-baseball in Canada?
 I wonder why they call it that.  I'm always wondered why baseball managers wear uniforms...I guess they can play for their teams if needed.  Interesting.
 He is actually an umpire.  He has a bad reputation for blowing calls.
 There's been a few Koreans who have played in the MLB.  Shin Shoo Choo from the Rangers is from there.
 I believe it!  Soccer is super popular compared to baseball.  Speaking of the world series...did you know that Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 of the 1926 series.  I wonder if he was playing for the Yankees then.
 It is.  More action.  I wonder if they have hair length rules in soccer?  Don Mattingly of the Yankees once got suspended because he refused to get a haircut.  lol
 I'm going to have to look that up.  You have a good evening too!
 I love baseball.  Opening day is only 2 weeks away
 And that was the last time they won until 2016.  Quite the long layoff
 You too.  Have a good one.
 I am no sure. I know in Japan baseball is super popular.
 Have a good day!
 I accidentally hit the enter tab, I was going to say I know, the world is full with creativity, and I do like the piano I like the sound of it.
 Me too, I did play years ago but not anymore. I love the soothing sound of it. years ago the bbc didn't have any news worth reporting so the just played piano music lol that's awesome.
 That odd considering the news giant BBC is today! did you know that Freddy Mercury played the same piano as Paul McCartney
 My thoughts exactly! Oh wow that's an interesting fact! They built a piano for the Hindenburg and it only weighed over 300 pounds, who would think of putting a piano on that airship!
 Very true. Piano music is great no matter where you are. It is like poetry to your ears, which I love too. I write some poetry and it's a great stress reliever :)
 I do like poetry, do you like the series of Lord of the Rings? most of the hobbits names are actually names of poetry.
 Is that the palindrome poem? Wasn't it like over 220 words? Amazing!
 I'm doing well how about you?
 Wouldn't that be cool Ha!!! Do you know by any chance what was the number one installed piece of software on computers in 1995?
 No, I don't really but they recently celebrated the opening of the new Rubenstein arts center.
 That is really amazing, love this idea. they have so many more classes directed at the arts now more than ever which is awesome. 
 I love the piano, but not sure how many programs are devoted to it. by aligning art making with research it makes for a much deeper learning experience though.
 Right! L played years ago, and I also love poetry. Everyone should have a creative side they let out. It is amazing that they found a piano at the top of britains highest mountain....crazy to think how it got up there lol
 Hahaha, that is odd! I love researching fun facts on the computer and you can find so much! I use my computer for everything, I write some poetry and save it to my computer.....you could probably find a program to teach you piano on the computer lol.
 Exactly, there will always be a need for human emotion which nothing tech wise could ever do. The Edgar Allan Poe poem, the Raven was fantastic and he was only paid 9 bucks for it. Wow....
 I think I read about that while on my computer, and that is amazing actually. I will have to look it up I want to see what it is all about!
 Really? That is awesome! something else to research on my computer, I love reading cool facts. Almost all of the Hobbit's character names were taken out of an old poem, how funny!
 Oh wow! Now that would be very interesting! I may do that myself as well haha!  It has been great chatting with you!
 You too.     I enjoyed sharing prosaic writing with you too!
 Good! Did you know Kristen Stewart from the Twilight movies helped author a paper about AI? Not just a pretty face!
 I'm not sure but wouldn't doubt it. Facebook is developing AI designed to better understand emotions, identify objects, and predict user actions. Yikes. 
 Interesting. At Stanford they use Google Hangouts to teach AI more effectively. 
 Good question. How about this one -- there's a NASA scientist who believes our world is just a computer generated VR. Maybe he's been watching too much of The Matrix. 
 Haha. Definitely. Overthinking can be a torture, I'm sure. The first Virtual Reality game was created in 1968. How far we've come!
 I would love to go on Lockheed Martin's virtual reality tour of mars. seems like it would be a lot of fun.
 It does sound fun. Up to 40% of VR users get motion sickness -- me included. So make sure to take your barf bag if you go, just in case. 
 I never thought of that impact on people. Have you ever gone on 4D rides at like disney? They move and shake but then they also spray water on you for when you go through water tunnels or something like that. Pretty fun.
 Yeah, I took my daughter on the Stitch ride and she FREAKED OUT! She thought it was real. I felt so bad. But that's proof that 4D can ramp up the experience. 
 She was 11. But she has a really active imaginations and she loves Stitch -- so I think a part of her wanted it to be real. Wonder how she would do on that Lockheed Martin VR space bus you mentioned earlier?
 Yes, I'm on FB. Used to be on MySpace too, which offered to buy FB for $75 M in 2005. That would have been the buy of the century. 
 There's a German state where it's illegal to use the "like" button on Facebook. Wonder what's that all about?
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes I am, what about you?
 It is.  It is becoming a lot more affordable too.  It used to be over $1000, but in two or three years should be less than $100.
 Yes, and can even use them at home to educate.  The program will allow the parents to keep tabs on their children to see how they are doing.
 With all of those companies and a company like Facebook worth over $100 billion I am sure they sky the is the limit.
 That is hilarious, I wonder if you went back in time and told people 30 years ago about that, what they would say? Anyways, it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 I think I would try it to see what it was like.
 I wonder how much the headsets cost for it?  The fist virtual reality game was made in 1968.  I had no idea they were around then.
 Quite possible.  I read where 40 percent of users experience motion sickness in virtual reality.
 I didn't know that.  I know that Lockheed Martin has a virtual reality "Mars bus" that can take kids on a tour of Mars.  That would be neat.
 Nice!  Stanford's free artificial intelligence class uses Google plus hangouts to help them teach more effectively.  What do you think of AI?  It kind of scares me. lol
 I have no idea.  Good question.  AI has crushed all human records in the puzzle game "2048".  I haven't heard of that game.
 I haven't heard of that game, either. There's a game I play where you get better by doing daily tasks. I should make an AI device to do it for me!
 I wonder why?  I'm going to have to look that up.  I wonder what Myspace thinks of passing up on the chance to buy Facebook for $75 million in 2005?  Is Myspace even still around?
 In 2012 when they had their IPO they were valued at $104 billion then.  So you are right. I'm sure it's more than that now.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Yeah that is true, but I'm willing to bet it would be worth more than Myspace currently is. Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper. LOL i couldve had whoppers for daaaaayyyys
 I agree, I wonder why burger king wanted people to unfriend others 
 I understand that to be true also. I cant believe Iceland is using Facebook to rewrite their Constitution
 Agreed. I have alsways really liked Micheal Jackson, and I knew he did work on the Simpsons
 I did not know that either. and that Micheal helped write the soundtrack to sonic 3
 I would agree with that, but still good music. I knoew taylor swift removed her music from spotify but not pandora 
 It was all kinds of things with her... Infections, injections, etc... The school would need a team.  She got a standing ovation when she graduated. 
 Technology is just beyond cool! They can even monitor food poisoning with it!
 At least it seems more and more businesses are recognizing that transparency is important. I think because more consumers expect it.
 Yeah, makes me want to take a nature hike right now. Nice talking!
 Have a good one!
 Wow I didn't know that. I agree with that though. 
 Oh wow that's funny Apple had a clothing line.
 Animals were put on this Earth for humans to use by God so as long as you're eating the meat, it doesn't bother me to use the fur along with it. 
 Same here, nice chatting with you
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
 Ok, nice chatting with you.
 My pleasure ;)
 I'm with you - not a fan of spiders at all. Hummingbirds are beautiful to watch though, and penguins are my favorite animal. I'm on Team Bird over Team Spider.
 i have a huge problem getting alexa to connect too sometimes tho. it always tries to open "spotty control"... my husband and I always joke that we are an "amazon family" i didn't realize how true that was until I learned that amazon has owned IMDB since 98!
 they have a lot of different campuses all over palo alto and san francisco. it is very well kempt. and there are google bikes EVERYWHERE.
 That sounds about what you'd expect from the provider of so much web traffic.
 that is a throwback. Cortana isn't very useful, but I like bing as a search engine...and i like that they pay you points that can be changed in for giftcards.
 Cortana was helpful in Halo at least. Can't really picture Siri hanging out with Master Chief.
 maybe that is a good point. thanks for chatting, I had a great time talking. :)
 Me too! Best of luck to you and your "Amazon Family!" Take care.
 Same here and have a good one
 That is funny.  Next it will be bigfoot
 Hi. I love animals. I have a couple of pets. How about you?
 I'm not really daring, LOL. I just live in a 3G dead zone and I'm self-employed, so I just need a basic tracfone in case I have an emergency on my occasional trips to town. But my laptop is all the Internet connection I need.
 They're a good source of out-of-print stuff, for sure. Library Genesis is also good for obtaining "unauthorized" pdfs of a whole lot of books. I always check there before Amazon.
 The uploads are probably copyright violations, but I've never heard of anybody having trouble over downloading from it. And any academic book you want there's a better than 90% chance you'll find it there. Just Google "Library Genesis" to find mirror sites. 
 You too!
 I like to watch it. I know Bruce Lee was a great dancer and he won the Hong Kong Cha Cha Championship in 1958.
 Yeah, I bet. Did you know ballet dancers can go through four pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
 Me too! Did you know Michael Jackson has a patent?
 It was a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves.
 Well, I know babies spontaneously dance when they hear music. Maybe the better dancers heard a lot of music when they were younger.
 Yeah, maybe. I know they smile more when they hit the bet.
 Yeah, I think he danced in the Nutcracker in HS.
 No. I'm not crazy about snakes. There's no snakes in New Zealand.
 No, basically they;re legless lizards without limbs.
 Yeah, can you believe that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than to snakes.
 Good morning! As someone who suffers from ophiophobia. I am pleased to learn there are no snakes in New Zealand. 
 The chef's Toque is just silly, it gets in the way and looks like a coffee filter.
 I don't dance. I am not cordinated at all. I like watching people dance. I think its cute how babies break out in dance when they hear music.
 I'll take back a bit. I like Edgar Allen Poe. I know watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories!
 I did, and I thought it was much better than what I expected, what about you?
 I am a fan of horro movies, what about you? do you like them?
 I love Stephen King. My book shelf that just hold his works is literally bowing from the weight. 
 I like some fantasy. I like Terry Pratchett who was knighted for his works and he certainly deserved that honor. 
 horror is the best. I love Edgar Allan Poe
 I agree but Idris Elba and Anthony Hopkins are the best
 lol good question. the lord of the rings won an academy award for "best picture" Good movie !
 Very good point. I love all Fantasy movies in both literature and drama. enjoy your fantasy movies !
 I did not know that, but it could be because hats are worn for various reasons which include ceremonial ones, like the house of commons!
 I bet that is why he was so good at martial arts. Dancing probably helped keep him limber and light on his feet. I feel like those would be important skills to have. 
 Good point! Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat! I can attest to that, I have one at home and he loves music.
 That is adorable, baby dancing is the best, it is so pure for the joy of it! You know who else was a dancer? Tupac, he danced ballet. That is unexpected. 
 Hahahaha very true. Well I thoroughly enjoyed this chat! Have a wonderful day/night!
 Same to you, take care!!!
 No wonder they are this big, so many people are using them
 I like fantasy drafts. Lol
 I haven't ever done that. There is also a draft for congress.
 Have you ever heard of terry pratchett
 He really has. What an honor as well.
 Yeah that is a long time to write something. He must have been really devoted.
 really. Thats cool. I always liked bill nye
 I heard that actually.
 You would think they would have better stuff to do.
 Have you ever seen Wall-E
 Yeap they sure did. 
 I love having Google because I can look up anything I don't know. A single search requires a ton of computing power.
 That is awesome. i think my favorie disney film would have to be either big hero 6 or the incredibles. 
 I love Google. I pretty much use it daily.
 It was good talking to you.
 Well the movie Big Hero 6 was made with a 55000 core super computer, amazing right? and he was fired wow, that is funny and ironic
 I love that. It has been the mayor since 1997.
 I wonder if he is a stray. The cat in the godfather 1 opening scene was a stray that was found on set.
 That's amazing. There are all kinds of old stats and info to discover, too.
 haha that is funny, I do like birds, I think it would be scary to be in Austrailia and birds there can mimic different sounds, like you're walking along and think someone is chasing you with a chainsaw, but it's just a bird making that sound haha
 haha I wonder how they appointed that guy, like he essentially knows that he will never have to work, like what does that guy do all day? I want his job haha
 I could see that, what I really want is for scientists to find alien life in my lifetime though, we need to go back to the moon! haha
 Nice! I would love to be a cat. They spend a lot of time sleeping.
 I do, although I haven't followed it much the past couple of years.
 Oh, which team is that? Is it the Cubs? They were the first team to win back to back World Series.
 What was the longest at bat you've ever seen? There is some question as to what the longest at bat ever was.
 I didn't know that, but it makes sense. Also, apparently the longest at bat ever was 21 pitches. 
 Well, apparently there is some dispute. The 'story' doesn't match any game on record, but the story has been told for over 70 years.
 Yeah, I guess 1998 is considered the modern era. Before that teams didn't watch stats too closely.
 Cy Young apparently won 435 games, now 200 is considered incredible. 
 I can see why they named the yearly pitching trophy after him.
 I didn't know that. Did you by chance read about that in the library which is a collection of information sources?
 Ha, I like random facts. Did you know North Korea holds the record for the largest mass gymnastic performance?
 No, I didn't know that, what a weird record to go after.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 I am, too bad its going to be the final one but I guess the show will leave on a high note
 Hi, how are you?
 I like fantasy type shows and this one has a large cast with several plot lines going on at the same time.  It holds your interest and is never boring. Scenery is beautiful, it gets filmed in Ireland, Canada Iceland, Malta Scotland, Spain, and the U.S.
 Yes, it does.  Just binge watch it, all seven seasons.  The eighth season doesn't premiere until April, so you have some time to get up to speed, it's worth watching!
 Yes, he was, gone much too soon. Well, it's been nice talking with you this morning.  I hope you have a good day. 
 ugh... another one... I'm Polish man... cut me some slack here :)
 Hey ;) there is nothing small about me man ;) lol
 That's really a lot... I mean I like her, but I remember when I was much younger, I thought she is not a real judge... that it's just a show :)
 They do work with a lot of celebrities so I guess that makes sense. I always liked Pixar - beautiful graphics and great sense of humor ;)
 Such a shame he passed away. Good chatting with you too. Take care!
 Earth is the third planet from the sun and it is the only planet to have water in liquid form.
 Only 3% water is fresh water which is used for drinking. Earth has one natural satellite is Moon. The earth receives its light and heat from the sun.
 Earth's axis is tilted with respect to it's orbital plane, producing seasons. Thank goodness for seasons. My favorite is Spring!
 The layer of the lithosphere is the upper most layer. Almost 71% of earth surface is covered with water remaining 29% is of water. The polar region are covered with snow or ice.
 Very interesting. Already 80% of forest area in the world has been destroyed which results in global warming and climate changes and affects the green houses of the environment. Lot of pollution also.
 Planet is a term that has been used since ancient times in the context of history, astrology, science, mythology and religion. There are five planets visible to naked eyes in the solar system.
 Yes, Venus rises before the sun, so early that it is called the morning star.
 It is very interesting news.
 It was nice talking to you! Goodbye! :)
 To be honest it has to be possible think about all the species of animals especially the ones we don't even know about in the ocean. Dolphins are already smarter then us so how could aliens not exist
 So true and don't you find it wierd how drones were first military technology and then a couple of years later it becomes available to the public. Where did the military steal their ideas from drone technology from?
 Exactly!  I read that Jupiter saves the Earth from getting hit by so many asteroids.  That's very nice of it.
 Pluto will always be a planet in my heart lol they can't just suddenly change something like that
 Listen Pluto will always be a planet there's probably support groups for this kind of thing lol
 I hear ya!  Well, it's been fun chatting with you, friend.  I bid you good night.
 Not really. I am not even remotely interested in space so I usually ignore that stuff. X-files on the other hand...
 Yeah. I am not sure that's a full-time job. "Any aliens today?" "No." "See you tomorrow!"
 As long as he is not jumping on the couches in his bunker, I am fine with it. He seems a little weird...
 Me too!
 Well...howdy! What about baseball and the World Series? 
 I read that! Wonder what they did with the money? Oh....and I do watch Game Of Thrones sometimes, I'm up to Season 5.
 Wow, I guess those are the people that you can call mega fans. I am not the biggest baseball fan although I do go to a few games each year
 47? That is a lot. Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter played Talisa in Game of Thrones!
 I think the cubs are only in existence to make everyone else feel better about their own team
 it has been nice chatting with you. Enjoy you tube while is free
 I'm a big baseball fan!  I think they will do ok even though they lost Bryce Harper.  It's kind of the same situation like how they lost Jayson Werth a few years ago.
 That would be interesting to see!  That's one rule I didn't know.
 That's interesting too!  Up until 2005 a married couple scheduled all 2430 MLB games for 24 years.
 I don't know why they stopped.  I know I would stop working if I found a million dollars worth of baseball cards!  lol
 Yep I could think of a lot of things to do with a million dollars lOL and I would be very happy that my grandfather had them in the Attic
 Yes!  No doubt.  Did you know that the womens world cup had a higher tv ratings than the world series in the US?
 lol  Babe Ruth who was known for home runs was caught stealing to end game 7 of the 1926 world series?  Interesting useless stat.  lol
 I've seen it but don't follow it close.  I know it got financed by Ireland because they film scenes there which boosts tourism incomes.
 Yep you're right about that. I think it first premiered back in 2011 which seems like a long time ago, I can't wait for the new season to start in April
 The next season is supposed to be the last one correct?
 Wow.  I never knew that.  How neat.  I'm going to have to binge watch it and get caught up before the last season begins.  I've heard that Arya is the fastest rising new baby name given to girls in the US most like because of Game of Thrones.
 I do like baseball. I think it's crazy that the baseball managers can actually play the game. That's why they wear the uniforms
 Tyrion is awesome haha. It's great that the show has gotten a total of 47 Emmys as well. I even got three Hugo Awards. I just need to know how the show ends haha.
 Animals are awesome! It's also crazy how many stars in Game of Thrones are related to famous stars. Let's hope that this season is good!
 Hi, yes I like baseball , and sports in general....and is true I have never seen a manager playing!! but is good they are ready in case they are needed!
 Wow that is impressive, they kind of ignored how americans feel about baseball.. i think the Chicago cubs have not won in a long time!
 That is really cool history right there. Would be nice to see a win from the cubs again. Do you know what a very lucky man found in his grandfather's attic?
 wow, you collected those too!  I am amazed those cards lasted hidden since the 1940's!!
 I would be funny if it was an accident.. You lknow? I really like hoe the world series are played.. It is not just one game..you get a seven game playoff and the excitement lasts more than other sports!
 I do not watch but I know is really really popular!! Even made the name Arya very popular in new baby girls.
 LOL wow it is film in really beautiful places !!!  I probably will create a game of thrones tour and visit all those places including the sites in Spain, Scottland, Morocco!!
 LOL!! I will probably watch Game of Lions!! You know I have enjoyed this chat very much!! Cool facts about baseball history!
 Yes, I enjoyed the wide ranging discussion too. Have a great remainder of your week.
 Not only do they have songs, they even have music videos, backstage access, audio recordings, etc. so you can find them all on there, even the oldies but goodies!
 I wonder if there were videos whether or not they'd actually work. Great chat, have a nice day!
 I guess. I once had a neighbor who was into jazz and would play. He was pretty good. A harlem woman has free concerts at her apartment for the past 20 years and sometimes top performers will stop over. What fun!
 Yeah that is funny!  Well its been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 Yeah I agree I would think more animals would understand that. Google also prefers dogs to cats which is kind of funny that they declare such a thing.
 Ha! Probably so. You know, I've always loved the term man's best friend. They do so much for humans like companionship, hunting, protecting, pulling and even therapeutic roles, man's best friend is the perfect term, in my opinion!
 Is it really? That's kind of funny! Ha! I do know the pallbearers at Billy Mays' funeral wore khakis and blue shirts. That was very nice of them.
 It is actually a police YouTube. Nice chat
 Hi, how are you?
 Sorry, to hear that.  I have had a cat, she passed away last year and she was 18 years old.  I believe she probably slept 16 out of those 18 years sleeping. lol
 That is funny too,  You don't have to worry about your grammar either, when you're a cat. It's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.
 Just relaxing, hanging with my dog.  Listening to music. Yourself? 
 I agree with you about the influence it's had on other music. It's kind of funny that you brought up jazz actually.  It's such a mish mash of musical influences from around the world but it's probably still the most original art form that the United States has ever produced.  That's sort of what we've got going on with the Atlanta FC here.  
 Yep, it gives you something to talk about with so many people from different countries. I think that's really cool. They really mean the "world" when they said the world cup, unlike the world series, which is just a national matchup.  That's interesting you say it's tough to pick up. I bet the best way to really learn about it would be to play FIFA video games.
 I'm good!  Do you use youtube?
 I do.  I love it!  It's where I first say Psy's Gangnam Style video.  Have you seen it?
 lol Poor Beib's.  Psy's video got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 I believe that.  Google bought youtube for $1.65 billion dollars!  That's a lot of cash.
 I believe it!  People love videos!  Do you have a playstation?
 My kids do.  I have no idea how to play it. lolol  Playstation 3's are being used to research black holes somehow.
 Wow.  Who would have thought that?  lol  The original grand theft auto game disc for playstation, when placed in a cd player would play the game soundtrack.  Kind of neat.
 I didn't either!  lol  Do you use computers a lot?  In 1936 the Russians made a computer that could run on water!
 Wow.  That's pretty incredible to think about.  Someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.
 I would want to do it so my future generations of my descendants can look back at my life.  Be interesting I think.
 With that perspective, yes. Nice chatting with you!
 Hi there! Yeah I do like jazz! Do you?
 Personally I prefer cowboy hats, especially since it's associated with hard work, instead of just sophistication and such. :) 
 Yeah thanks! It's been great! :)
 Have a great day! If it's cold outside, make sure to wear a beanie! :)
 It's pretty sunny here, so I'll maybe wear a baseball cap :) Later!
 Bye :)
 You interact with it.  In fact if you ignore it, it taunts you.  Intruders invade and all kinds of things happen. 
 Now there are 79 full episodes of "The Joy of Painting" with Bob Ross.  
 I am allergic to shellfish...maybe that is it. But can you believe this...  I named my son Fisher. So there is a little love there!
 I do like the United States and soccer though. They got third place back in 1930 which was the first FIFA World Cup
 Wow that's really nice of him. I think it was something like three hundred thousand Euros? And it was paying for surgeries for those kids. That is so nice
 Yep I agree. He has a lot of awesome movies. I guess he's made almost 9 billion dollars worldwide with his film earnings. That is so much!
 Wow, that is insane. nice chat :)
 I did, I thought it was a great World Cup, I was rooting for Argentina but I guess France was the best team of the cup overall, I also liked how Croatia played.
 I agree, those teams were also pretty good and almost made it, Im exited about the World Cup thats going to be hosted in Qatar by 2022 and then in the US by 2026
 I do, I like the premier legue and also the Spain league, well Ozil danated his winning bonus on 2014 to children in Brazil so that they could get surgery
 Yeah I remember seeing that, very cool.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a nice day. 
 Hello.
 I have never seen a jellyfish in person. I love animals though.
 Yeah and twice its own length. Wonder where it puts it all.
 Did you know freshwater fish only drink water through their skin via osmosis.
 I did not know that!  I think as animal lovers we would be happy in Germany.  In 2002, they universally gave animals constitutional rights.
 I dont know about taking it that far. Seems like they ma be trying to make up for something over there in germany.
 That is a boat load of animals huh.
 That is sad. Have you heard where hiccups ome from.
 Exactly what I was gonna say. Do you like birds.
 Some birds fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping when migrating.
 That probably doe help.
 I really do love birds. Ttyl.
 That is very generous of him
 Nice. My sister loves a vineyard in Oregon. I cannot remember the name though. She got pretty drunk on it and spent like $500 on a few cases.
 No, she had them mailed to her house! We have different priorities... I do not mind wine in a box. She has "standards". Ha!
 Nice chatting with you!
 No more balloons. 
 Good Morning! The weekend is very near. Have you got any plans?
 Not so much yet. My brother is getting married though! so there's that! I am trying to find the right gift for them. 
 My brother and I are not much of drinkers. I do know that wines can have more alcohol content than beer though. like average 14.3%? I feel like we can make an exception on drinking this occasion though. 
 It sounds like they ate wax sometime in their lives! There's one I enjoyed hearing that said they 'whack you in the face with an oak two by four' 
 For the 14th, I'd definitely recommend a Smith-Madrone chardonnay. Critiques say it wraps you in a lovingly warm blanket. 
 I feel like the west coast is where to go. California and Oregon both seem to have the better reviews. 
 Agreed! though 5 hours is a little long of my liking lol
 how would you even communicate with "aliens", i doubt they would speak a recognizable language lol if they already created this positions maybe we'll have contact with extraterrestrials sooner than we thought. If they came to earth do you think it'd be a friendly visit? and yes I am! so cool!
 yes! enjoy the rest of the day!
 thanks!
 that must have been tough and taken time to figure out. it was nice chatting with you
 yah i like baseball.. what abt u?
 ohh nice.. A 3 million $ worth of 1900s baseball cards in his baseball games played each yr
 hmm its also crazy..  what abt shoe?
 i love shoe.. i have 30 pairs of shoe..
 which shoe brand u like?
 i like adidas 
 hmm yah.. 5000 yr old shoe perform better than modern shoes
 what abt Target?
 yah i m also think that way.. 
 I think walmart is littlely low price to compare Target
 I agree. Well, it was great chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Well, Yes and yes. I do not like the unwritten rules. Seems too unfun... Do you like them?
 That one does make sense. Mine are more like, pimp your HR trot. Go ahead. Ill be better next time...
 Makes sense. I do hate the rule about stealing when you are down or trying a bunt when you are getting no-hit.
 Who the hell knows someone names Eephus let alone someone named Eephus in the MLB???
 Nice chatting with you!
 HA, yeah me too.. I need to find some slippers at Target. They should have a ton available.
 Slippers are good for watching baseball games on tv. I need to catch up on that New York Giants game today. They beat the Dodgers.
 Yeah, I don't know why they named them the same either. Good chatting with ya and have a great rest of your day watching all sports, like me.
 I think they have some negative impact but they also do a lot of good. In my opinion the benefits outweigh the negative aspects.
 That is true. I think kids are growing up a lot differently than i did. I think it will actually make them smarter because whatever they want to know they can learn it right now. If they want to learn rocket science they can start to learn it on the internet today. It wasnt like that when I was a kid.
 I think it just depends on the kid. you're not going to get a kid that doesnt care about learning new things to learn new things by trying to make them do it. I mean if all they want to do is facebook with their friends all day then you might have to take the phone away, but I dont think forcing them to read a book or try to learn something will work.
 I agree with you there.
 Thats funny. Heres another funny one. Did you hear about the send me to heaven game for iphone.
 No wonder Iphone disabled the app for ecouraging actions that could damage device huh. Lol.
 I heard that microsoft held a funeral for the iphone when they came out with their first device.
 Haha, too bad it did not work! iPhone seems healthier than ever!
 I have only had one Iphone before. It was an Iphone 4. I didn't really like it as well as android.
 Not really anymore. I used to play a few but they all got old. Haven't found any I like yet.
 Hello, somewhat, I enjoy all the advantages!
 Yes, Its very exciting on all the new stuff that will be coming out!!
 lol, yes, That was since January 2017. I love my Iphone its with me most of the day, like everyone else. 
 Must be for legal reasons. I was surprised as well. Who knew? I would say the Iphone holds alot of entertainment!!
 Yes, I remember that! I didn't realize it had only those few colors. I think I still have it somewhere? lol Good chat!
 Ditto. Have a great day!
 Of course!  Chewbacca is my favorite!
 Now i definitely never heard that one before... wonder if it looks like chewie?
 yes i do!  of course :)
 true... but they are so responsible for the streaming movie industry being so huge!
 actually yes... how he tired of late fees and after a... what... like 40 dollar late fee started netfilx?
 Yep... great chat... have a good one!
 Absolutely.  It's so convenient and Blockbuster really missed that.  I wish I could get hired as a "tagger" to watch Netflix all the time.
 That's so cool.  I love those types of things. For instance, the prequel "Obi Wan", Ewan McGregor, has a brother who is a pilot and has the call sign "Obi Two!"
 Yeah go figure. nice chat.
 Hello. I love Chewie!! I think it's awesome that MTV gave him a lifetime achievement award.
 Yes, I loved it. The boy from The Shining, Danny, actually didn't know he was in a horror movie until later on. 
 I guess he thought he was making a drama film. Genres can overlap with each other so maybe it is difficult.
 I was wondering the same. With how much money horror films make, it probably isn't needed for anything else.
 Well don't spend too much time around horses just in case you develop a allergy to them LOL I wish I didn't have the allergy
 Yes, that's cool.  It's going to be OK to wear flip-flops at mine.  I'm a noted tie-hater...
 I do, daily, how about you?
 I mostly watch videos about investing and finance
 yeah, its a great learning tool for sure. Which old songs do you like the most on youtube? 60's 70's 80's 90's?
 I grew up in the 70's and 80's and I still listen to the music from those decades. 
 yeah I like watching the old comics from that era also. They were way more free then and didnt need to be so PC.
 Yeah seems like today everyone is so easily offended.
 yeah, I reckon it pays to be a victim. I did not know that police have their own youtube called bluetube
 yeah probably some good ones on blutube.
 Have you tried Youtube music or TV? wondering what others think of it.
 You too! have a good weekend
 thanks
 I love Youtube....I am always looking there or Google to do so many things!
 That is very smart. 
 It was great talking to you!
 That is a great idea. Teaching them that we care about them can help them feel like we understand them. Being polite will make us a good example for them too.
 Its our duty to make them good human and want to serve the society.
 Did they want all the newest clothing because when I was a kid I made my mom buy me really nice shirts.
 I would make her buy me shirts that cost 100 or more. Did you know that Mark Zuckerburg the facebook Ceo, wear plain grey T-shirts that cost 300 or 400$
 I really like nice clothing, clothing has always been something people love. Did you know that The greeks made asbestos clothing and it was as valuable as gold.
 It amazing how traditions get passed along, I even heard about an african tribe that wears victorian cloths because german occupiers they saw.
 Do you think the earth is moving  and flying through space at 500k mph. I have heard new ideas about a motionless round earth with maybe even a dome. Did you know they say the universe makes sounds
 It would be crazy if there is parallel universe, some say there is a cold spot they think could be a link to this universe. Sometimes I think space is all made up. If we are spinning so fast how can the water stay still but that same force can not hold down a butterfly. seems like one big joke sometimes.
 I think they are watching us at all times, those sneaky aliens. I wonder if when an alien goes through puberty it is as tough as us humans
 yes that is my dream, to be in denmark, going 160mph in a bus eating pastries!
 Whoa that's awesome! Did you eat crepes? I want to go to Iceland but it sounds like the public transport isn't great-will probably rent a car.
 Yeah good point. I remember the days when everyone got free meals and they were actually legit. Still given all that flying definitely beats train, boat, and bus travel! Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, me too. I like to listen to jazz from time to time. There;'s even a woman in Harlem that has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Saturday for 20 years.
 I'm not sure how many show up, but I guess top performers occasionally stop by.
 Boy, I'm not sure. I know he scored several films including Million Dollar Baby.
 Are goatees popular among jazz trumpeters?
 Oh, that is interesting Did you know Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that tops the charts?.
 Well, I guess we perceive the sun as yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
 Yes, the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years.
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 I am! It is a great style some people consider it America's classical music today.
 Yes it is truly something. I have heard that New Orleans jazz began in the early 1910s.
 Yeah he just does not seem like the guy that would be into that. But I think more people love jazz than we know A harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for 20 years.
 I remember seeing them as a little boy... I was terrified but excited !
 Yeah I bet those older movies took lots of inspiration from poes work.
 A text before the opening credits starts reads as follows: "Sleep. Those little slices of Death. How I loathe them" -Edgar Allan Poe- ( I found it ! ) :)
 Yes we are a cosmic dust ball haha, the largest star in our galaxy is 1 billion times bigger.
 I love fiction, I read a lot of stories but I don't write any , unlike Julius Ceasar who wrote stories about Hercules and Oedipus. 
 I prefer fiction and just let my imagination fly, do you have a favorite author?
 Hopefully one day we will see that, a society free of racism, hate only creates more hat and maybe fiction is the way to make that happen, its sure nice to imagine a world like that one
 I think that she is lucky. 
 I would agree, she has worked for it, it wasn't totally handed to her on a silver platter.
 I Havent either, but i love Bruno Mars, his songs are great, I am sure i would like it.  my nephew sings that song, hes 5 its so cute
 That would be pretty neat to see! Sunsets on Earth never cease to amaze me.
 Those rovers are freaking adorable. I have ever thought so.
 Yes.  I thought it was awesome that they used aluminum from the world trade centers on spirit and opportunity
 That doesn't surprise me!  I guess he wasn't good enough for Motown though, they dropped him years before he became a success!
 Lol, true!  It was fun talking with you!
 ya its wild he wanted to build a 50 foot tall robot! Like is that even possible? And it would moon walk, sounds awesome!
 Well that would be kind of nice in medicine for sure. Nice chatting with you.
 Me too!  All of the movies combined have made over $8.5 billion at the box office!
 Oh yea...The entire franchise is estimated to be valued at $65 billion!
 Yes!  I agree.  Marcia Lucas, the wife of George Lucas, won an academy award for editing the first movie.
 Nice, Marcia Lucas had such a huge impact on Star Wars and made the film better
 I agree.  What's funny is that she won that award and George didn't win one for directing!
 Oh yes...smart move on his part!
 Nice!  From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.  That's when I watch it!
 I agree!  Netflx and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  So basically half of America is online just to watch videos.  lol
 No doubt since Netflix is now worth $2 billion and Blockbuster is down to 1 store.  lol  It's been fun chatting!
 Awesome!  It's been fun.  Have a great day!
 Oh yes!  And was happy to see luke skywalker nack!
 I don't agree with... I liked it a lot!
 Yeah i know, but still :)  That's cool, that they dubbed it in navajo language
 WOW... that's a lot of money!  Love how fox lost billions because they didn't believe in the franchise!
 Really?  WOW!  Well, glad they went with a guy.  Although Ren is pretty bad ass!
 Oh, yes!  I'm a big fan of Star Wars.
 Star Wars fans are a fanatical bunch.  I should know, I'm one.  
 No, not on Netflix, I have boxed sets of all the movies.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you about Star Wars, but I need to go walk my dog.  Talk to you later, friend.
 If you become president you can end it all. 300K, with a mandate on no more fighting!
 Yes, I've seen that before, that taller men win more than shorter men. It's funny that Truman wouldn't be photographed in Dumbo the Elephant, since an elephant is the symbol of the Republican party. Another fun party fact!
 Speaking of your daughter, is she into Elmo and the other Seasame Street characters? I thought it was funny that Elmo testified before Congress!
 Good morning. Do you follow politics?
 Maybe so. Lol. Did you know that nevada is the only state to have a none of these candidates option while voting? 
 Media savvy in the days before camera phone and the internet, I would categorize him as forward thinking.
 Woman are becoming more represented, may one day the Presidential job can be their, whether she is red or blue.
 I am surprised as well. Did you know that elmo once testified before congress?
 You are probably right on that. Did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican.
 I did not know that but it shows she must have had a strong message to be accepted into the male world of politics even though she could not vote for them herself.
 It was good chatting with you!
 How are you? Did u know With over $8.5 billion worldwide film earnings, tom hanks is the highest all-time box office star.
 Yeah read that too,  i cant imagine him in the marines!  I love his show " Whose line is it anyway?"
 I bet, but definitely not worth it.  A comedy has not won the Academy Award for best picture in 37 years.
 that does sound like today, I like parody best though, it subverts your expectations and critiques without condemning
 Well I personally like clicking on hamburger buttons, they're the buttons that are made of three horizontal lines,+ the name makes me hungry
 Aw, he's the best! He's the executive director of the Planetary Society! I love astronomy.
 Yes, I've seen the Pink Floyd performance in Pompeii. 
 Yes, I saw the recording of it. 
 That's surprising! I'm sure he got compensated somehow. I think words can be beautiful when orchestrated properly. Once I read a 224 word long poem, that turns out to be an entire palindrome!
 Hey. Yes I love the Internet. They carry so much information and resources and services.
 Yes that's a good question I'm not sure what would happen then. One cool thing is that in Finland everyone has the right to an Internet connection.
 No I did not!  Seems like a lot of people out there believe in alien life!  Well anyways, it was nice talking to you!  Have a great day!!
 Yea cats are awesome, in japan and taiwan they have cat cafes where you can have drinks and pet cats
 Hi, how are you?
 Not really. I could move to new zealand and never see them again. What about you?
 I do. Do you go to concerts much?
 I do not like the crowds any more. I like smaller venues and local music.
 I am more of a bar guy at the bar, just listening and relaxing.
 Are you talking about Creed? I remember that on the news and I laughed out loud because that is something I can see scott stapp doing.
 Ditto! Have a great day!
 Hi do you like Wonder woman movie
 Yes pretty good one in the DC universe
 Ah, that is the life! I would love to go to a cat cafe where I could relax with cats and have a drink.
 Yes I have it I thought it was really cool. Gal Gadot did a great job. DC comics must've been very impressed.
 Very impressive. I really did like that movie.
 That sounds pretty cool and like something I would like. Did you know earth is almost 4x as dense as the sun?
 That is crazy. There is a region in Canada with less gravity than the rest of the earth. 
 I love water regions too, especially the ocean. You could fit all the planets between the moon and the earth and still have room.
 Thats pretty short. And I thought they were too short in the winter! Do you like to read?
 Yeah. Did you know romantic kissing is a recent development and it is not found in greek literature. 
 Yeah, I bet those would be pretty interesting to hear. There's a doctor that teaches heavy metal as a form of literature. 
 Yeah, he's very talented. The father of modern olympics won a gold medal in literature for writing a poem about sports. 
 I can't imagine what olympic painting was like! I wonder why they stopped doing it.
 Yeah, maybe. The latin word for literature is derived from the word letter.
 That would be nice. Well I have to run. It was nice chatting with you. Have a good night!
 I don't know them very well. Anyway, thanks for the chat! Have a good night!
 I think they are as well. I love DreamWorks films.
 It was good talking to you.
 Yeah, they have a bunch of original series now!
 It certainly seems that way. Some of them are really good, though! It's been nice talking to you, Have a great weekend!
 Goodbye!
 I think its great that george lucas' wife marcia won an academy award for editing while george didn't win any for directing
 The best players seem too. LOL!
 It's amazing. All those people who play, but there are still some who shine.  Rodney Wallace, for example, made 101 international appearances over 14 years.
 I agree. He was born Costa Rican, but he has become an American.
 Hi, how are you?
 I had no idea. I am in parks and recreation and pickleball is a huge sport for us. At least compared to some other sports. 
 I have not but it does look fun. I am usually working when they are playing and would feel like too much of a slacker if I played instead of worked.
 I watch way too much sports. If it is a big moment in sports, I know about it. I wish I watched less tv though but I love sports so much.
 well it was created by a tennis player named Rene lacoste actually, and his nickname was the crocodile
 Qatar. Im going to quit while I am ahead. Nice chatting with you!
 yes it lasted 11 hours and they had to stretch it over 3 days
 I guess if in 2019 they make video how a helicopter is used to dry the glass tennis courts, it is going to be viral everywhere! haha
 haha. It's nice. They are part of Denmark actually. Do they have enough men for 1 team? haha
 I am a part of that group, yes, lol, its also YouTubes fault as they together with netflix they take upon half of the internet traffic
 I like the series, I thought the first movie back in 2007 was the best one though and didt like the The Last Knigh premiered in 2017
 Have you ever seen Keeping up with the Kardashians? 
 Yes, I know bits and pieces. I know Kim was born 10-21-80. 
 Yeah, it's basically just her and her family doing everyday life things. Did you know she named her baby Chicago?
 I did know. It is a nod to Kanye's hometown and the city is special to K & K  so the name is perfect because baby Chicago was hard to conceive so she is extra special as well. 
 That's a pretty sweet meaning. Did you know Kim used to be Paris Hilton's personal assistant? 
 Sorry about that, I accidentally pressed enter. I haven't used the app, but I have heard of it. She was also in a fall out boy music video. I wonder which song?
 Yeah, that's a really lucky break for releasing a sex tape. I'm pretty sure her mom released it on purpose. 
 She definitely has a lot of influence. She recently met with trump to discuss prison reform.  
 I did not know that, but good for her. I know she also has a book about how she is a trailblazer of the selfie movement.
 Yeah, she's definitely a busy and hardworking person. Speaking of celebrities, did you know Judge Judy makes $123,000 an episode?
 Holy cow! That is a lot of money! I wonder where she rates on Hollywood's likability "q score"? I know Tom Hanks rates a 48, while Kim's is a -71, which is hilarious.
 I've never heard of a q-score, but it sounds really interesting. I think most of the Kardashians are probably not good in relations to likability. 
 I would have to agree. I know critics and admirers have described her as exemplifying the notion of being famous for being famous.
 Yeah, she doesn't have a lot of actual talents. Just being wealthy and now famous. They are always coming up with new ways to stay in the spotlight.
 Yeah, I guess I would do some silly stuff like that if I was making that much money off of it. It was nice chatting with you!
 Sometimes it takes while to get it right and then cash in.  I'm glad some networks like Comedy Central take risks and then cancel shows if they flop.  They've cancelled over 100 shows in the past three decades.
 yes very much so.
 yes thats right. and another cool fact is that the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office ?
 I don't blame them, I don't much like Creed myself.
 yes they are !, it was great talking to you about music, i loved it , thank you 
 yes thats pretty wild!
 good bye
 Oh he is a big fan. He even scored several films including million dollar baby. That is a great movie.
 So what do you think about Judge Judy making 123000 dollars per episode. I heard she retired not to long ago.
 Yeah I prefer guitars and amped up stuff to most R&B, rap and hip-hop.
 I'm a big fan of Invisible Touch. That was after Peter Gabriel left and it more just Phil Collins leading the way. Right before he went solo.
 Not now-too expensive. The first time I saw Led Zeppelin was at a place called The Boston Tea Party. They had just come to America and no one knew who they were. It was a small Club so I got to see them up close.
 I saw a lot of people there. Andy Warhol was a sponsor. I think I liked BB King the best. But I don't remember Phil Collins.
 It was easy to see everyone in the Sixties. Tickets were cheap and a lot of people played on the Boston Common. Judy Colling and Joan Baez used to sit on the sidewalk in front of the Harvard Coop and play for free.
 I like Pink Floyd! I don't see that We are the Champions is the catchiest tune ever. That makes no sense.
 I would have liked to see Pink Floyd in a Roman Amphitheater. I bet the sound was really good.
 I used to like the music really loud but I saw Led Zeppelin (after they got to be famous) at the Boston Garden and it was too loud. Ever one lit little candles-you couldn't do that now. The Fire Marshall would have a heart attack. lol
 Everyone was friendly and there was no trouble. Can you imagine?
 Yeah same here, hope you have a good day. 
 This is interesting..Even though spartacus had a cinematographer, stanley kubrick took the camera away from him and did it himself. 
 I don't think he did. Do you like Bill murray? Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
 no, not my type of movie! I do like Jack black though. The green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black
 3rd rock from the sun won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997, beating seinfeld, friends, and frasier.
 True! Wow! Comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989
 True, I learned this the other day..The creator of the python programming language named it partly to honor british comedy group monty python
 you too!
 I just read a section on comedy which states that the python program was partly named after Monty Python. I love how they did that!
 Yeah the programming language I think is what you mean. Classic comedy. Kung Fu Hustle is a brilliant comedy also.
 It's a wacky cartoony slapstick comedy. Bill Murray loves the movie too.
 I've actually never even seen an episode of 3rd rock. Seinfeld was revolutionary, are you more of a Seinfeld or Friends fan?
 perhaps! I'm actually more of a Friends fan myself lol. It's interesting how much tv shows and movies have changed over the years. Even just through more advanced filming abilities and styles. Shout out to James Wong for pioneering the use of wide-angle lenses amongst other things
 interesting, Hot Fuzz was a good movie. I thoroughly enjoy comedies
 Its interesting how the change of definition of "planet" meant that Pluto was no longer a planet. 
 thats such an unusual characteristic of a planet. Sounds like complete chaos there lol AND it's 2000 degrees farenheit. insane.
 thanks for the conversation!
 bye!
 I did not. Wow! They must still have a lot of money saved to be able to turn that down. I don't like to laugh at the misfortune of others but I find it amusing that concert attendees filed a lawsuit against Creed because their concert was so bad. 
 Lou Reed is a weird guy so I'm not that surprised. There is an ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia that is used as a concert venue. I bet that would be amazing. 
 It would leave you with a story to tell for sure. I would take so many pictures. 
 Yep, I know about the Kardashian family and Kanye. They are always up to something. 
 Yep! and top performers occassionally stop by. 
 I agree. It is humanity at its best.
 Hello do you like pop music?
 Yes it takes place in Falls Church, Virginia and there are going to be about a hundred and fifty people celebrating with accordions there
 That would be interesting to see.  Did it have anything to do with the 80th anniversary of the American Accordionists Association?
 Yes I think so. And that one of the people among them is Lou Coppola, he's been doing this and playing the accordion for about 28 years now
 I like all kinds.  I grew up in the 80's so that pop music era is my favorite.  I was surprised to find out that the actor Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the 80s/
 lol That is funny.  I remember hearing that song so much at sports games while I was growing up.  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. I wonder if they were any good? lol
 I love going to concerts.  Used to go to tons of them back in the day when they were more affordable and played in areas that were easy for me to go to.  Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience. lol Wonder why they did that?
 That must have been a really really bad show! lol  The Ramones played a lot of shows over a 20 year span...a total of 2,263 shows!
 Wow.  That is alot.  In Croatia, there is an ancient Roman amphitheatre that is still used for concerts.  That would be cool to see a show in a setting like that.  
 I used to play but wan't good.  lol  Brian May from Queen uses coins as guitar picks!  That's unique.
 They sound like an adventurous family, he must have got his courage from his mom.
 I'm six four, maybe I missed my calling, I could have been president.  My height comes in useful at concerts, people are always complaining about me when I stand in front of them.
 ha true, nice chatting
 Hey!
 I would have to say Pink Floyd, or Linkin Park, there is so many! 
 Yes, they have the best shows that I have seen. Aerosmith puts on a great concert too.
 Oh wow, I haven't heard of them. I hope you enjoyed that concert though! 
 Yeah right, and yeah same here, I hope you have a good night. 
 Yes he sounds like a great guy, also he lived until he was 77, which is a good life I think
 i loved that he was a lawyer for planned parenthood and unions too.
 He also helped a lot of people, for instance he created guidelines about lobbying and what each other's about election Law and Order to do the best job for advocating for the different causes
 I use that and bing so I can earn some amazon gift cards.
 Look up bing rewards.  You earn points for doing searches but they have a limit on the amount you can earn each day.  Did you know that google was created over 20 years ago already in 1998?
 Oh yeah!  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send men to the moon!
 Yes!  Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road.  That's pretty mind boggling too.  So they are pretty much tracking cell phones and using some of the data for that.  Interesting.
 I didn't know that before but now I do!  Thanks!  Do you remember when Google went down for about 5 minutes on Aug. 16th 2013 and took 40 percent of the web traffic with it?  I don't remember it.
 Yes.  I have Prime and we got rid of the cable because the video streaming service for Prime is worth the price of Prime every year.
 My kids like the Grand Tour.  Amazon now will even deliver your packages on Sundays because they have a contract with the US post office for the delivery service.
 I didn't know that!  I bet they are.  Jeff Bezos has made so much money off of Amazon that he built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years!
 That is neat!  IMDB is also owned by Amazon since 1998.
 AI scares me.  lol  I don't trust it.  It's been a good chat. 
 Enjoyed your comments, thanks. Cheers!
 Have a good day!  Thanks as well!
 All three of those actually. They are two of the biggest innovators we have and one of the most interesting scientific fields.
 Facebook may be the one company I don't trust with AI after all their recent data scandals. It was very interesting to chat AI with you and I definitely learned a few new things.
 Thats an efficient way to get things done lol
 Holy cow, it's crazy how far tech has come.  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good one!
 Yes!  I can't believe they have been around over 20 years already since be founded in 1998.
 That is kind of neat.  I'm surprised I haven't seen that happen before.  When there is a disputed border, google maps will tailor their maps to the claims of each country where the interenet browser is located.  Weird and kind of odd fact.
 AI has really come on strong in the last 2 years.  AI crushed all human records in the puzzle game "2048".
 I agree.  Facebook is developing an AI desinged to understand user emotions, identify objects in photos, and predict users actions.
 I'm going to have to look that book up.  I'm not familiar with him or the book.  Speaking of books, I didn't know Kristen Stewart co-authored a paper about AI.
 They even have their own in-house brand called AmazonBasics, which sells low-end products. 
 It's kind of sad that all these brick and mortar stores are closing because of all this technology.  Amazon has a contract with the US postal service to deliver packages on Sundays now too.  Pretty soon groceries will be coming to your doorstep too.
 I agree.  I'm surprised at how many people are using the grocery shoppers now.  I was in Walmart the other day and I was amazed at how many workers were picking items for customers.  We know someone who does it and the Walmart they work at there is enough demand for 4 full time employees to do nothing but shop all day.  That to me is just craziness.  I have to get running.  I had a good time chatting with you.
 Yeah I had a good time too.  Have a good day.  Bye!
 They may have thought they won the lottery. I'm an older dude, but give me a nice pounding Elton John or Billy Joel rocker on piano, and I'm rockin' away!
 Hey I'm with You, I mean I'm only 37 but yeah... I'll take "Piano man" instead of news any day ;)
 It makes me happy when a younger guy like yourself, I'm 61, still could listen to a good piano song. Didn't realize people your age still know what musical instruments are? Well, not that you're that young.
 hey ! :) I'm young inside ;) but yeah... I listen to all kind of rock, blues and metal... Pink Floyd, Joe Bonamassa, Dire Straits, Metallica, Nirvana... and many more ;)
 Oh yes, I think I've beat my record last year... I saw Nick Cave twice, I won tickets to see Metallica, and I saw King Crimson for the first time. Oh, and I saw Joe Bonamassa too ;)
 You got to see some good ones, that's for sure. I stopped going to concerts years ago!, but man....back in the 70's, seeing Pink Floyd, Bachman Turner Overdrive, Heart and Electric Light Orchestra on the same bill was fantastic....and it was only $15.00 a ticket.
 I'm not too close to classical music, but I did like the soundtrack to Space Odyssey 2001 - it's as close to classical I got ;)
 lol, yeah I figured that one out ;) although You never know with those Srab Sheik - they like to have a good time :)
 LOL. So, let's see, I covered piano, concert, and classical. Anything else you'd like to bring up? Been nice chattin' with ya!
 Something I'm sure You're aware of - In 1972, pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii...with no audience. I have that video ;) amazing piece :)
 lol ;) that one was more psychodelic ;) not everybody likes stuff like that ;)
 lol ;) I loved it ! for those times, it was something truly amazing ! ;)
 I'm gonna see if I can find that concert. I'd like to see it. Have a Great day!
 You too, thank You for a great chat !
 Absolutely....
 Have a healthy New Year ;)
 Wow that is crazy that's a lot of calories to burn in a day! I'm just glad that Amazon has an exclusive contract with USPS to deliver on Sundays, that makes me happy
 Winter is getting old.  I'm ready to see birds migrating back north from Mexico; that would be a welcome sight.
 Yea birds are pretty interesting, i find their light weight skeleton fascinating 
 I like the jurassic park movies a lot. Me and my son like watching stff like that he loves dinosars.
 Thats awesome. I hadnt heard abot a new one. Fnny thing about Speilberg. When he rode the jurassic park ride he asked to be let off before the 84 foot drop. I can nderstand what he is going through there thogh. Im not a big rollercoaster fan.
 Yeah I went on a roller coaster when i was little that did a flip. Then it went backwards and did the flip again. I have hated them ever sense. 
 No I havent seen it is it good.
 I wasnt one for scary movies either. My sister loved them even when she was a little kid. Did yo ever see Schindlers list.We watched that one in school. 
 I also remember the goonies. That ones a classic in my book. Speilberg flew the entire cast to Hawaii after they were done shootiIng Man they have made some money off that movie. 
 Yeah it is. Well its been good talking to ya this morning. I got to be gettin ready for work. I dont want to though. Its cold out there.
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes, you're right about that.  Well, it's been nice chatting.  Enjoy the rest of your evening.
 Yeah, it would be really interesting to taste an ostrich egg! Hey, it has been so nice chatting with you! I've got to get some chores done. I hope you have a wonderful day!
 Ok sounds good, yeah it was fun, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 It's got torches on pedestals and it faces the water on the Wharf. The drinks sound yummy too.
 I'd try chipotle infused tequila with my guac and chips!
 I'm getting hungry. I'd love some chicken. Chicken is the only bird I would eat, even at a fancy restaurant.
 Birds are persistent too. Some can fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping when they are migrating. Speaking of sleep, I'd love to take a nap! It was nice talking to you!
 I believe it, especially when some of them are only two inches long. Can you imagine being so lightweight?
 That depends. Do you consider pigeons majestic? Dodos are actually part of the pigeon family.
 That would be funny to watch, I like hummingbirds, spiders must hate them!
 Yes, do you? I enjoy them a lot!
 Yes, it looks very interesting. I think I will enjoy it. All the cover-ups!
 same here.
 I actually do!  Love music and going to concerts!  Do you like Linkin Park?  They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.  That's a lot of shows in one year!
 Yes it is. I don't like them though. I'm more of a country person.
 Country is good too!  I was never much of a Ramones fan but they toured almost non stop for 20 years playing a total of 2,263 concerts.  That's a crazy high number of shows.
 I didn't know that!  They must have been really really bad. lol  There's an old ancient Roman amphitheatre in Croatia that's still used as a concert venue.  That would be neat to see.
 I like it and tried several times when I was younger but couldn't get the hang of it. In 1930 there was no news worth reporting so the BBC decided to just play piano music instead.
 Wow.  Wondered how in the heck they did that?  I couldn't even imagine taking on that task.  Both Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney used the same piano to record their hits "Bohemian Rhapsody" and "Hey Jude".  That's kind of neat.
 Yes.  It country music they call it a fiddle!
 It does give it a distinctive sound though.  lol  There is violin that is made out of stone that is playable.
 He was a genius.  Joseph Haydn, who was a classical composer, one wrote a piece where the musicians gradually leave the stage until only 2 violins are left.
 That would be hard to tell apart I would think.  Larry Fine from the 3 Stooges burned his arm as a child and took violin lessons to strengthen his arm.
 I love them to!  I still will try to watch them from time to time just to get a good laugh.
 Yes I know. My kids don't know what to think about black and white tv shows. I love them though.
 I think they're still good.  I enjoy the Little Rascals too.  It was nice chatting with you today!
 Unfortunately I've never been to a concert! I would love to go to one soon.
 That is crazy! My mom really likes them, maybe I'll be able to take her. 
 That is insane, I think I would watch it just to experience it. I don't know if you know who Creed is, but apparently they were sued by four concert goers because their 2002 concert was really bad.
 I know right! I don't really play any instruments, I use to play on a piano when I was a kid though.
 Absolutely, he is a legend!
 I do too, it's really cool to know the same piano was used. If you ever think about climbing a mountain, maybe try Britain's highest mountain, you can play piano up there! 
 Wow, that is so interesting, I really had no idea that happened! I knew about a violin that was made out of stone, and guess what, it's playable! 
 That's awesome! I saw the first Global Citizen concert in Central Park that had Foo Fighters, Black Keys and Neil Young. That one was amazing. Huge venue in the park.
 Me too, but I've been to cgbg before it closed down. I imagine the Ramones played a lot of similar punk rock scenes. I think I'm too old for a venue like that now haha.
 Haha yeah it was so obvious they were Christian rock even with their hits but it took people a while to catch on. Apparently they were so bad that after one concert they were sued by 4 people who went for it going so poorly lol
 Festivals are really nice I remember going with my parents when I was a kid, really fun
 Interesting!  I began to enjoy piano composers later in life, not sure why exactly.  Chopin and Vivaldi are some of my favorites!
 That would be great! It sounds like Spot Mini that is 66 pounds and 2 feet 9 inches tall.
 I think they are pretty fascinating, actually the term robotics was invented by scifi writer Issac Asimov.  What about you?
 That is the joy of computers because we can access all this information.  And now they are controlling all kinds of industrial and consumer devices!
 That is awesome.  I believe that robotics can help those who are handicapped, for instance a robotic arm a person could control with their thoughts.
 Now all kinds of networks like CBS, BBC and Hulu use it for their content.  But you can always watch Bob Ross instead.
 I love Bob Ross, what a legend. It was nice chatting with you
 Yeah, pretty funny right? Well, nice chatting!
 Oh, okay.  I accept your explanation.  
 You are right.  It should not be an honor.  I do not want my name to be on a garbage dump.  I will research further out of curiosity. 
 Nice chatting with you too.
 Haha I know right! does that mean that a republican shouldn't get a picture with Eeyore because eeyore is a donkey LOL I mean anything is possible now
 not so much, i like the idea of the candy desk where they keep a drawer of candy for the senators though
 yes, i think it is important
 nice chatting 
 Same to you.
 :)
 Yes I read that too. They're very interesting I think. We should put more effort to read those kinds of books in our school system
 Oh that's really neat. I love when poems do cool things like that. Like the depressing poem that you are meant to read backwards so it becomes a happy one. 
 I think shoes are very valuable.
 I probably wear my boots more than shoes.
 I usually dont wear them to bed. Unless I am really tired and just pass out.
 That kind of sounds a little bit insane to me to ber honest.
 Yeah I guess your right. did you know there are 17 ways to tie your shoes.
 I think as long a it keeps your shoe on your foot and is quickto tie it would be best.
 That certainly is true.
 You could just use velcro
 Lol. Well be sure to get your idea patented like Bill nye did.
 I know right. He patented som ballet slippers. I think he could do better.
 bye bye
 Hello
 I totally did!  They were just bragging today about "shoes"  apparently they go on feet to comfort and protect them.  Bunch of snobs, I think.
 I hear ya there.  One of my friends is wanting to do a clothing line for fish.  I keep telling her that fresh water fish drink through their skin via osmosis.
 This is so true.  I think that's why I like Jack Purcell canvas shoes.  The dog never gets them dirty when we go for a walk.
 I'm sure they do.  If crows understand economics, trade and barter, then dogs pretty much have to understand jealousy.
 You have a good point, but my dog only wears Patagonia, so I'm not too worried.
 I know!  Moncler coats cost more than my first car did.  
 Poverty Shaming seems like it would take so much energy.   You always have to try and be original or it just starts to turn into a meme
 Oh totally!  They would be better off spending their time buying clothes for their dog.
 You do make a really valid point, but dogs also eat burritos off the ground, so it's a trade off really.
 On the other hand, dogs don't waste food that way! It's a money-saving method that I don't know if I have the stomach to adopt.
 Alright, you're right!  Dogs should be more like people!
 At least they are advanced enough to have solar panels on the building, Bush put them back after Reagan took them off.
 Very interesting! Harry Truman was so anti republican that even at disneyland, he refused to be pictured on Dumbo!
 Haha that's funny, in 2000 40% of Alabamas voted to keep a ban on interracial marriages. what did you think about that?
 Yes probably because they think his music was garbage lol. Voting is just a cool thing people do. India even set up a polling station in the jungle for a single voter.
 Hello!  Do you like fish?
 I've always like them since I was a kid.  Did you know that freshwater fish only "drink" water through their skin via Osmosis?
 They ironically drink through their mouths.  Weird.  
 That must be why it can eat prey twice it's own weight and 10 times it's weight?  
 LOL  Did you know that the seahorse is the only fish to not have a neck?
 No but I do rememebr seeing a cartoon with Aquaman using the seahorse like a regular horse and it made me happy and laugh!
 That's right! lol  There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.  That's kind of neat.
 I would like to know his secret! Maybe not immortal but give me until 125...
 I hear you there!  I hear people say they don't want to live long all the time.  I'm the opposite.  I would love to live to a long time.  There must be some immortality in shoes as they say 5000 year old shoes perfom better than modern shoes.
 That's some old shoes! I will get a pension in a few years and I want to live a long time to build wealth!
 HAHAHA... A really self-depricating transition but I appreciate the work! Either tea bags of trash can...
 Nice!  I will have to try that before I get a rash or something. hahaha  Did you know that professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week?
 I'm not sure.  But that's what I was thinking as well.  They must get paid pretty good or the ballet companies must buy them.
 I'm not sure.  Be curious to find out.  I have to get going.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you!  Hope you have a good day.  I have smelly shoes to take care of!  LOL
 I can't imagine breathing when I'm 100. Thanks, you were a great chat partner!
 That's very nice to know! Great chatting with you!
 I like jazz, especially cool jazz. 
 Lol, hey that's like the chicken and the egg thing.  Anyways, it's been fun talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 Doesn't come from african roots type music?
 I'm great! Do you like Led zeppelin? 
 I listen to them every now and again. Did you know they partially funded monty python and the holy grail?
 It appears there was a dog wandering around the studio! Interesting, I never knew that! Speaking of recording songs, NWAs straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without a major tour.
 That's actually pretty surprising! Two twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned 100. It's never too late I guess.
 That's pretty awesome! Reel big fish had to rerecord all their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label. Ouch.
 Yeah, that really sucks.When eddie van halen recorded the solo for beat it he set the speakers on fire!
 Yeah, that would have been insane! Queen's guitarist has a Ph.D. in astrophysics! 
 Yeah, he's a pretty interesting guy. Pink Floyd turned a house boat into a floating recording studio! 
 Muse's guitarist holds a record for most smashed guitars on tour!
 It was great chatting with you too!
 Hey, did you hear about the Disney fans who got married in June? 
 That is awesome! Hopefully she didn't use any recycled frames from other Disney movies.
 Yeah, I did. I also heard that there are actually dog blood drives.
 That's good. Dogs are pretty amazing. I especially love how they are attuned to human behavior.  
 I wish the US was like Istanbul.  They have a vending machine for dogs that will release food and water for the strays in the city in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. 
 That would be great. Maybe since Google is a dog company, they'll start something like that. 
 Maybe I should start playing hockey. If I became a professional, I could lose up to 8 pounds in a single game.
 They have to be. I have to go, great chatting with you. 
 yes I like dogs a lot more, did you know that Google is officially a pro-dog company? haha
 yes,definitely i like Disney film 
 Yes i know a little bit this film Directed by Roger Allers, Rob Minkoff. With Matthew Broderick is it right.
 yes,Frozen, for which she earned an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. Lee is the first female director
 I don't know about it please explain the details
 I also think about it.
 okay,do you like dog?
 I do like dogs. I also like cats. I like all animals really ha ha. 
 Do you have them at home?
 okay,how do you feel about hockey?
 i like hockey,The referee supervises the game, calls the penalties, determines if goals are scored and handles faceoffs at center ice at the start of each period.
 sorry i don't know about it
 yes totally - very odd but maybe wanting the Earth to have a true 'voice' through his books?
 That is a possibility. He seems like a very intelligent man.
 I've never been much for reading other than college text books and professional books (for my profession).
 I'm a teacher. It's always changing so never gets boring.
 oh lol -yes you need Dr Seuss ha ha ha!
 I love love love Because of Winn Dixie!!! Do you ever discuss Earth and how it's the only planet to house life?
 Yes! That was the part of all of the information that I could relate to. We've been studying the solar system.
 I can totally see how Jupiter saves Earth from so many asteroids.
 How?!?!/
 It is the largest planet with so many rings. I can picture it spinning slapping asteroids back the way they came.
 It is. However, I'm not one who would want to go to outer space or question the universe. I appreciate it as an amazing mystery.
 I absolutely agree. As for AI, I'm not sure how I feel.
 The same to you!
 Artifical Intelligence is definitely something that is on the rise. I have seen videos of robots cooking food. The possibilities of robots does make one think life could be easier but at what cost?
 Not bad.    Do you know anything about Henry David Thoreau?
 Yes, but he was also an author.    Lots of others were inspired by his example.
 Speaking of the earth, how old is the planet?
 That makes sense.     Do you know what the core is made from?
 I've heard of GAIA and Tellus, but there probably others.
 Hello! Do you like lady gaga?
 I haven't seen it, but I do like that song from it! Her name came from the predictive text glitch that changed radio to lady! Interesting! 
 Very interesting. A star is born is good you should watch it. It was Bradley Cooper's directorial debut.
 I will definitely check that out! Her favorite band is Iron maiden, I wouldn't have guessed that!
 That seems more assumable! She was also asked by the lapd to tweet them about some roadwork once!
 I didn't either! Do you remember the show boiling points on MTV? Lady gaga was on it before she was famous. 
 Yes I vaguely remember that show. I will have to look it up. She's one of the best selling music artists in history now. I bet she reminisces on those boiling point days.
 Absolutely! Speaking of famous artists, Queens guitarist has a phd in astrophysics! 
 I didn't see that one either, i'm really behind on movies it seems! The guitarist for muse hold a world record for most guitars smashed on a tour! 
 That's crazy! Pink floyd turned a grand houseboat into a floating recording studio. That sounds awesome!
 That sounds very awesome. I bet the river Thames has never seen such a party!
 I bet! Linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.They must be busy people!
 Wow very busy indeed. It must be nice to have such a successful debut album.
 Yeah, they were pretty popular in the early 2000s. The ramones have played a total of 2263 concerts!
 Yeah, it can get pretty loud! It was nice chatting with you!
 I am!  I've been a fan since her EP The Fame Monster came out in 2009.
 I didn't know that.  How interesting!  Elton John chose Lady Gaga as his son's godmother!
 I didn't know that.  She was on MTV's "boiling points" before she was famous.
 The LAPD asked Lady Gaga to tweet her 11.4 million followers information about some upcoming roadwork. lol
 I never have but wish I did.
 That's a lot of shows in one year!  Probably due to the success of their debut album.
 I agree.  Depression is a terrible thing that doesn't get the attention it deserves.  I feel bad for those people who suffer from it.  In Croatia, there is an ancient Roman amphiteathre that is still used as a concert venue.
 I bet it's pretty neat looking.  In 1972 Pink Floyd ironically recorded a live concert at a ancient Roman amphitheatre in Pompeii with no audience!
 I never was either.  In 2002, Creed played a concert that was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.  That must have been a really bad show. lol
 Did you know that Queen's Brian May has a phd in astrophysics?  Impressive!  Nice chatting with you too!
 I actually did. He was also very inventive on guitar. Well, nice chatting with you too!
 I have. It was wonderful. Bradley Cooper did a wonderful job playing the part.
 What did you think of the drugs and alcohol in the opening scene
 What did you think of Lady Gaga in it? This was her first major picture
 Lady Gaga did well. When she went onstage for the first performance, her voice was hard to ignore.
 She is definitely an artist of her own. She once bought $1000 worth of pizza for fans waiting in line for her, what a nice gesture!
 I did not know that! She really does love her fans though! 
 It would be awesome if they somehow did a sequel to the movie.
 I enjoyed the part when they stopped in at the little nightclub.
 Yeah there is a lot of buzz. And then you have Lady Gaga on the other hand, they seem to make a great duo.
 That is very different. And Creed, apparently their concert was so bad that people sued them.
 That would be an amazing place to attend a concert. The pictures, the sound, the memory. I would love to do that too. 
 Yes in Pompeii! I have the DVD. I believe it was just to have a chance to play in that historic roman venue.
 wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks. lol talk about irony
 Well, hey man, I had a groovy time chatting with you this evening. I hope that you find the shoes that suit you, whatever you choose to do. (turkey mover)
 Yes, the surfers would put them on after leaving that cold ocean water, to warm up!
 I've tried the trick with the tea bag and smelly shoes, it does remove the smelly odor, replaces it with Earl Grey.
 Probably best to stick with the boots.  The whole Smart Phone thing has left Nokia behind.  Maybe they need to pull themselves up by their boot straps.
 Yes, I made it back safe and sound thankfully. I was infantry so had some close calls. No plans to deploy again. My enlisted contract ended back in 2008 so I'm finished and 33 years old now.
 I always wear boots. Especially when I ride my motorcycle. 
 Great talking to you!
 Yes that was John Adams in 1800. Nice chatting with you today.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am great! How are you!
 I agree. It wouldn't surprise me to see someone so frustrated they run. I am thinking Michelle Obama...
 Yes! That is really my thought too. We need a president who has a very good head on their shoulders. How awesome would that be!
 I think she would be elected without having to outline policy, she is that popular. I think her book primed her run. It was conveniently released around exploratory committee time...
 Exactly, I think she would have a great chance to be elected. She seems to be what we need right now!
 Nice chatting with you!
 I did not.  That makes a lot sense. I use mine to hide my shame.
 I do not know a lot more than most people. I just shake my head and smile. It has gotten me this far...
 Speaking of water, teddy roosevelt was a conservationalist.
 With Prince... Seems like a fitting tribute to both...
 That is exactly what I think too. The Republican party is old school so it fits very nicely!
 Exactly. This was their platform and their support grew its evangelicals, leading to complete alignment with Christian conservatism. A lot different from the Democratic party.
 I agree! I think we should all be open minded and not choose a side. the red and blue colors used for republicans and democrats only started being used consistently since 2000. I was watching some documentaries on youtube and it's all pretty interesting.
 I watch Youtube a lot! Any little thing you want to find is on there! Google bought Youtube in 2006. Two huge platforms!
 That is awesome! The police really can benefit from that! I bet an average person can't use their site. I bet it helps them out a lot. My favorite thing to look up on youtube is music, I like the videos. Or the do it yourself video's, how about you?
 Yes it would be nice to get endorsed by youtube! You should do it! That way you can contribute to all that internet traffic! Well it was lovely chatting with you!
 Yes, I have been looking into a subscription to a do it yourself type channel! I wonder if the Republicans and Democrats have a Youtube channel? It has been great! Have a great day!
 Bye and see you on youtube!
 Oh darn it, no I meant 1853, so it's been even longer! 
 I guess every US president until recent that has had a beard is Republican.
 I would never have guessed that at all. I like to look up information a lot on YouTube. It is so handy. I'm not surprised the search engine is the second largest.
 Wow.  That's a long time. I haven't played since I was in college...and even then I stunk. lol  I much prefer table tennis which is also called ping pong.  lol
 I had no idea.  Maybe it was Arthur Ash?  I remember him from when I was a kid.  Up until 1978 a tennis player could use any object as a racket.  That would have been interesting to see what some might have used.
 I was thinking Arthur Ash. I love the Polo shirts
 I used too but am more of a tshirt guy now.  lol  Did you know that some consider grunting before a shot to be a form of cheating?
 That would have dried them fast.  Tennis generates good money, but not as much as soccer which makes more than all of the other big popular sports combined.
 Wow.  Since beginning his career in 1998, that has to make him one of the best of all time?  
 Holy smokes!  I wonder how much money he has made?  Novak Djokovic has more career earnings than Federer.
 Wow. Its a good tennis doc on Netflix. 
 I love Netflix.  During Christmas we had the hour long fireplace video Netflix has on there on a loop at our house.
 That surprises me.  Who rents dvds through the mail anymore?  
 Me too!  lol  That wasn't too smart of a move for sure!
 I believe that.  People love videos.  Netflix employs a team of taggers who are paid to watch Netflix and tag the content.  What a job to have.
 I would love to have it. 
 No, he was drawing a bath for his daughter in 2016 and tore it. It was the worst injury of his career.
 I am fine with eating them but who butchers them? Can you see him doing it?
 Did you see the match where he competed on half grass and half clay?
 It was a challenge between he and nadal. Who was better, Roger on grass or nadal on clay...
 Ohh, that sounds cool. I would watch that match, though I do prefer watching Netflix.
 Me too... Nice chatting with you!
 Yes. Tennis is a racket sports played against individuals and Tennis is a olympic sports played at all ages.
 There are four Grand slam tournament which is very popular. The modern game of tennis is originated in England.
 Tennis played in ancient period at 12 century. In modern used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis court. There are very aggressive fan for tennis.
 They are fit and and energetic to play for 11 hours. It shows how they are fit for the game and playing very aggressively.
 Roger Federer is Swiss professional tennis player the world no. 1 position in ATP ranking records for 310 weeks.
 He also won the "BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the year" award for four times. For his excellent performance and hardwork.
 He is a good human also. Roger Federer the greatest tennis player of all time. He is also called as the greatest player of the generation.
 I love horror movies as well and yeah I dont see running for my life if I see bambi lol
 So all this time i have been watching horror films , i have actually been burning calories. It is said that you can burn more than 180 calories. Wow. Must be because of the adrenaline pumping?
 Im going to watch a bunch then lol, I heard that if you see abstract art before a horror movie you will enjoy it more. 
 He was so young so i guess he didnt see the scarier stuff. As i am thinking of horror , the movie Cats Eye came to mind. I love cats so i got the best of both in that movie..horror and cats..lol
 I love cat too, I have one, I learn this fact lately that when it reaches 15 years of age they have span 10 of them sleeping.
 I think I will do that as well lol, in going to use google to browse for a horror movie and usually they have cats in them. 
 Hi there!  Do you follow or enjoy tennis at all?  I play it a lot more than I follow it, but I do know that Roger Federer has the most Grand Slam titles in history!
 He is a good example of determination.  I know he had some struggles with wrist injuries and had to have a lot of surgeries.  To reach the pinnacle of the game after that is incredible!
 That is great.  He has held the #1 spot in the ATP rankings for 310 weeks!  That is Tiger Woods type stuff!
 Rene "the crocodile" Lacoste!  What a name!
 It was great talking to you!
 Occasionally. I like to play Bob Ross' Joy of Painting for my dogs while I'm at work, and YouTube has full episodes of it.
 I like it as well Juan Martin del Potro is one of my favorite players glad he too the U.S. Open home
 I love how he treats his friends and has their backs. I would want to live like that.
 At least he has the honor of being the first living person in switzerland to be honored with a stamp.
 He has been gifted two cows too! I mean what the heck is he going to do with 2 cows?
 Yeah, that would be an interesting watch. It was great chatting with you!
 Well, let me inform you! They once used a helicopter to dry the grass for the 69 us open!
 I would have just had to tried to blow it dry with my breath. Would have taken forever!
 They would have been sleepy after! Like I am after binge watching some netflix.
 Good point! Nice chatting with you!
 Wow.  I didn't know there was that many.  It's estimated that over 1.5 million living animal species have been described.
 Hahah my favorite animals are frogs.  Been fascinated with them ever since I was a kid for some reason.
 Interesting. lol  There's a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.  That's a different kind of lawyer job.
 lol  yes.  They sure have gotten the short end of the stick that's for sure.  Do you like horses?  I had them while growing up.
 I believe it.  95 percent of all modern thoroughbred racehorses can trace their Y chomosome to one horse named Darley Arabian.  
 lol No.  That's interesting since he starred in so many Western movies!
 Yes.  I'm not sure.  Did you know that horses, sharks, and orangutans are all ticklish?  lol
 I didn't know that either!  The length of a horse hair is strongly related to the amount of sunlight it gets. Interesting.
 I didn't either.  I also just learned that once an Icelandic horse leaves Iceland, it can never come back.  I had a good time chatting with you!
 I like them. I know dalmatians are associated with fire departments because they would calm the horses
 Really! Do you know why they have it?
 And yet we still have some. Humans' adaptation for persistence hunting makes them among the best distance runners among all running animals.
 I believe so. Hard to believe but the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species under provisions of a 1912 Scottish protection of animals.
 That's a good question, but I do not know the answer.
 I have never heard that before! Crazy.
 No they haven't come out with the Remake yet. But I did see the stage show and I also saw a movie which are both great. Julie Taymor directed the Broadway musical by the way
 Yes I agree. I also like how revolutionary Disney was with their use of multi-plane cameras, that really adds to an animated scene and they used it in Bambi
 That is a lot! What school is that you know how humans have a dominant side like you're right-handed or whatever? Apparently dogs have a dominant paw side too LOL
 hello, I love horses. One of my fav are the icelandic horses. They go very fast. 
 oh wow. Here in Iowa we don't really see fires like that. But I agree we do need to protect animals
 There are so many different kinds of animals in the world. many are going way too. We need to be more like Germany. Have you head of what they are doing?
 We have so much of the same DNA and how we used to have so much hair back in the day like over 200000 years ago. That's crazy!
 totally. Interesting conversation
 I heard a tolt is speedwalking for a horse. That's pretty funny!
 Haha. I am glad we get to use horses for leisure these days or for recording movies, haha. Historically they were used in warfare.
 Yes,  so refreshing!  
 It's good that PETA teaches people to be kind of animals.
 I was surprised that a white patch develops when animals are domesticated. Maybe that's why married men go grey...
 Did you hit enter prematurely?!?!? I do that more than I would like to admit. I wonder what the loch ness monster evolved from.
 How long do loch ness monsters live for? How many are there? I have questions! I do not need answers though. I would like to know more about a sound frequency that causes fear in humans. I have enemies I need to vanquish!
 Me either. Did you know we may have lost all of our body hair as recently as 240000 years ago? As a swimmer, I still see a lot of hairy humans!
 I wonder if they regrow in other animals like horses?
 Is that a speedwalking speed? I only have 2 speeds, slow and nothing.
 They do have big scary teeth. Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Its very interesting. Horses mainly used in riding, agriculture and competition purpose. In olden days it is used in warfare and travelling. It speedy escaped from its predators.
 Iceland horses have fifth speed, they are basically speed walking horses it very difficult to run in ice.
 That's funny, I've seen those little horses and they are too cute!
 They are pony. When they are big use it for riding. Lipizzaner horses, known for their classical performances.
 Germany became first country in the world to constitutionally guaranteed legal rights.
 If destroy any species can cause the breaking in the food web. It affect the eco-system very much so only the government take steps to protect them. we should also try to protect it.
 Yes, we all have a responsibility to help keep the animals safe.
 You're correct.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 No, never had the chance, but it must be difficult and scary at first, Dalmatians calm and protect horses, I love dogs
 I agree that these kinds of films are skirting the line between traditional annimation and heavily CGI assisted live action films. With the improvements in the technology I'm not sure it makes sense anymore to feel the need to classify such films in the traditional modes.
 Yes I had heard that. Disney does a good job trying to increase representation in their films and parks when possible. They also dubbed the Lion King into Zulu for its African release.
 True. They will make a lot of money off the films but even more in merchandise. They are also adding a Marvel Land to Disneys California Adventure that will be a big money maker for them.
 yeah, i so agree!   And with all that technology, Google built their first computer with the housing being made out of legos.
 Yep... and Disney definitely takes advantage of the computer making CGI movies
 and we definitely benefit from it all as consumers!
 yeah me too... but i am classic kind of person though!  should be interesting seeing it done in cgi though!
 That is interesting for sure!  Love that the Lochness monster is a protected species!
 Well... i would surely give you a look of what the....  Funny the first cloned animal was a cat and they named it copy cat!
 I have never been there.  Most of pets are used by humans as company, protection and entertainment.  Some people use pets as working animals.
 Wow, I did not know that.  Nice chatting with you too.
 Yes I love dogs, I love how they are Man's Best Friend, what about you?
 Yes dogs are so nice and also useful for helping humans, I also like how istanbul has trained dogs to grab the trash in their city in exchange for treats
 Yes you're right, I wonder if gorillas can understand that or if they can't? What do you think about movies with dogs? I would like dog comedies myself like the movie Isle of dogs
 Yeah it's actually really good. I like a lot of comedies, especially the movie Kung Fu Hustle
 Yes I like Deadpool, I didn't really care for Deadpool 2 but it was ok, what did you think
 No, I did not. I'll have to check it out.  I do like that DP2 was targeted toward adults so maybe 3 will do the same. It makes it more tolerable.
 They just kept petitioning the studio which was 20th Century Fox to go forward with the project, they felt it would be a success
 They sure are, we must be grateful to have them around. nice chat
 Hello
 I did.  Had a discussion with a friend of mine about it last week.  They are all a bunch of little wolves. 
 Yeah, they took a notion to getting access to food.  Cats never really changed, they are still just cats.  Mini lions and tigers, really.
 Then your dog would be welcome at Google.  They are apparently anti-cat there.
 I had honestly never heard of "Dog Blood Drives" until today.  I really did not know that was a thing.
 Here's my thing.  People say that only dogs and elephants understand pointing.  Okay, that's fine, but what about apes, monkeys and corvids?  They are all relatively smart, as animals go.  Seems to me that there would be some inherent pointing in there somewhere.
 The not being color blind part is interesting as well.  I had always been taught that dogs just see in shades of grey.  
 It is a cool idea.  Too bad the animals can't pay for it though.  I know that crows understand barter, but I dunno about the rest of them.  It doesn't seem super profitable.
 You do make a really good point.  I haven't seen Deadpool 2 yet. I sure do hope there are dogs in it.
 It sounds like it.  We are really looking forward to seeing it.  It sounds like a great comedy film.
 Yeah, they have done REALLY well with the franchise.  I'm excited for what comes next.
 Actually, I think there are that many that WANT to vote for him and are going to turn out to vote against whatever candidate the Dems throw up there.  That third party thing has never seemed to work out too well, a shame.
 You know I'm from Florida and I love the Bush family.  They are good people and I remember them elections well, all we heard on mainstream media was this county here is majority Democrats, but how is it that 90% voted for the Republican candidate.  We're all registered Democrats, but vote Republican.
 Haha you're right! I think Phil Collins is a great singer, he did the soundtrack for Tarzan, and then recorded it in like five different languages, that's impressive in my opinion!
 HAHA that's a good one!
 haha, also I think we should all do what nevada does and have a "none of these candidates" options when we vote
 Yeah. Unlike the gavel they use for 165 year. That thing was solid!
 A prison with a candy desk cannot be too terrible!
 Well, it's still a prison. Did you mean Senate? I mean they may be synanyms....
 HA! I get it now. Im an idiot. Nice joke! 
 I had no idea that GOP stood for Grand Old Party. Seems like a really old white thing...
 I had no idea that red and blue for parties only started in 2000?
 Nice chatting with you!
 That's the kind of leadership I expect from Jordan! They had the same gavel until Richard "the Hulk" nixon broke it!
 Maybe he had some of that candy from the senate floor!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes so much easier. In South Korea it's illegal for kids 16 and under to play video games past midnight. I would have broken the law a lot if I grew up there!
 I loved that soundtrack and movie! Certified 8 times platinum actually. Well it was great talking with you good night.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am well, thanks for asking. I used to play a lot but I got married and my priorities shifted. What about you?
 Really!??? That's so interesting! What a crazy idea to get people to play video games?
 HA! I think they got a huge bail out in 2007 so I think we are even...
 Such a shame... Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, I bet it helps keep their sugar levels up while making important decisions. 
 Hi, I am a little! but I was surprised there are none in New Zealand!
 Wow, I would like to see that!  And did you know its head is designed to swallow prays larger than them
 It looks like monkeys are terrified of snakes too!
 Maybe you are terrified of snakes! But do you like dancing?
 Yes, but I did not kow Bruce Lee was a great dancer!!
 Yes, and he won in 1958 a cha cha championship in Hong Kong
 That is right!! Maybe he started since he was a baby! They love when they hear the beat and they even smile!
 I think he is great!! he has great dance moves and I always remember the way he leaned in smooth criminal
 I do not know the name, but I would like to find out!.. Did you know Tupac danced in school in the Nutcracker? as the King Mouse?
 Maybe.  I am glad I don't work somewhere I have to wear dress shirts or button up shirts.  There are also button down shirts, which is where the collar also has buttons.
 Which is why I love Hawaii so much.  Aloha shirts are great.  
 Yes, it is. I like to wear polos when I go out. I think they are fancy enough for a night out. I'd like to attend a monthly music fest that occurs at Gee's club.
 They play oldies. Since about a year and a half ago since the death of Royal Torrence, it's been a monthly affair. 
 Yeah, it is pretty popular. It's only a $5 donation.
 Yeah, it's cool that it started to celebrate someone's life when they died. Much cooler than a funeral.
 Barbara Washington says she doesn't care if you're young or old, let the good times roll! It's fun for all ages.
 Well, thank you for telling me about it.  I am always looking for new and exciting places to visit.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 No, I haven't seen it but watched his show growing up.
 I guess not.  He must have taken it and run with it though....and screamed also
 Absolutely it did.  That dude could dance.
 it's been a pleasure ! Good day :)
 Yes, hope to make it to Hawaii some day so I can sport the Hawaiian fashion and take in the beauty there.
 Nice talking with you.  Time to get out my polo shirt for work!
 Yes! I love sushi!
 Oh you definitely should go! If I can recommend the testing menu, it's a little pricey at $120 but worth every penny. I adore that film! 
 Yes that's the one! I have went twice. Once on a date and the other for a work dinner with my client. Every course is a surprise, there isn't actually any menus!
 That is definitely a good example! Did you know Clint Eastwood loves jazz? He has even scored a bunch of films
 I don't play any instruments, I wish I was that talented! I'm a bit of a "nerd"I'm really into fantasy films, novels and video games. I love Gypsy Jazz, it's so random! How about you? Do you play any instruments?
 I listened to alot of Miles Davis growing up, my father was a huge fan!
 Pakistan? Wow! I would have never guessed it would be so popular there. Another fun fact about jazz is the trumpeters started growing goatees so it would be more comfortable while they played
 Haha! 
 Thanks!
 I had heard of that, sounds like the spiders need SPIDER POLICE to make sure that no webs are stolen haha
 haha that would be scary to be walking in the woods, hear a chainsaw coming after you, and then seeing it's only a stupid bird haha
 ya, and I never knew that dalmations calmed and protected horses at the fire departments, and that was what their job was
 ya they do, apparently horses from Iceland have an extra fast speed walk they can do that no other types of horses can accomplish
 ya that is an amazing story! I wonder how far of a ride it was; hopefully the horses weren't too tired haha
 Hi, how are you?
 Me too! What would be the three meals you would have?
 Probably some protein like steak and a bunch of carbs. The egg and bacon bagel sounds really good though...
 Yeah. Do you ski?
 Not since 8th grade. I had a spill and didn't see the fun in it after that. I do love winter though. Do you enjoy the winter and snow?
 Yes, I love the winter and snow, that is why I will like to visit Aspen, Colorado.
 Very nice. Where are you originally from? Im from chicago...
 I do. What about you? The famously extinct dodo bird is actually a sub-family of pigeon.
 Nice. Some birds fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating.
 Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests. Now that's smart!
 Nice chatting with you.
 Hello! Are you a bird watcher?
 Ah, yes, nothing like a feathered, toothless endothermic vertebrate to warm the cockles of ones heart... and occasionally adorn the dinner plate! 
 Ingenious little tweeters!  Except perhaps for the Dodo bird, a less-than-successful member of the pigeon family.
 Yeah, but birds can do a number of curiously difficult tasks, such as mimicking the sounds of cameras, car alarms, and even chainsaws! Now that is difficult!
 I'll say!  Try flying sometime!  You know, in most birds, their bones are soo lightweight, they weigh less than the feathers, which is one of the reasons they do not plumment to the ground while in flight...
 I would think so. Except perhaps the extinct elephant birds. Their name, and the fact that they were featherless, suggest that they were not petite little hummingbirds. 
 Impressive!  So, if birds can learn to mimic chainsaws, I wonder if they can learn to rap?  I would love to hear a cockatiel freestyle a compliment battle with some Korean rappers!
 For certain! "Who let the birds out? Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet!" Now that would be culturally significant!
 Nice! Shall we name him "Dr Dodo"... or maybe "Fowl Ice T" ?
 Then Dr Dodo could defend Emminem in court while appearing with that rapping judge in Michigan!
 Same here. Polly want a cracker. Word up.
 Hi! Have you ever traveled to Japan? 
 No, I have not but I have been to Hawaii and had family there when the ballistic missile threat message went out the morning of Jan. 13th. They were really scared.
 Thats crazy! That is just like Hawaii too.
 Are all of their Highways tolled? Are they expensive? 
 They are really cram packed with cars but no tolls. The bad thing about being there is that a missile can get there from North Korea in less than 30  mins.
 Wow, I did not know that! Yikes! In the era of Kim Jong-un we have to worry about his ability to send a missile over and that's a little scary.
 I agree.   He caused terror in Hawaii without even actually sending a missile. The people who were in church during the threat message were told to repent and to end mass early. Some people began crying and praying.
 Oh, wow. That is a weird fun fact, huh. I think Forbes ranked him that.
 HA! Good point, I doubt it. Its sort of weird that they participated in the Olympics in 2018.
 Thats sounds about right! Everything n North Korea seems fake. Hopefully, Trump can get some more info during their talks.
 I wonder that too. Did you know that Kim cuts his own hair?
 He is paranoid about getting hurt, I guess? Ha.
 See ya.
 Might have been as well. Well, it was good talking to you today. 
 Right back at ya!
 It is indeed, have you ever observed Mars in the sky ? NASA wants to send people there in 20-25 years. 
 Human thoughts can also control robots. This paralyzed woman has a robotic arm that she can control with her thoughts.
 I wish I could have an one trillion dollar company named after me too. Big retailers like Best Buy and Target will price match products on Amazon.
 Agreed. Amazon had modest startings, starting as an online ebook retailer
 No, I did not know.  Thank you for letting me know.  What I know is that it is the fourth planet from the sun.
 That would be interesting to watch, with other guinea pigs not me lol
 Vector will cost $250.  You can buy a lot of them.  Release them into the desert.  Watch the 50 ft tall ones hunt them down.  Make a reality TV show out of it.
 It would be a kind of arms race.  One side uses rat brains, the other side uses cat brains.  The poor chickens, standing in the middle of the road. 
 Yes!  Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago!  It's been long time now.
 Yes it is.  About 71% of the Earths surface is covered with water.
 Yes!  The majority of Earth's polar regions are covered in ice.  I think the ice packs have been shrinking in recent years.
 Sad indeed.  Another sad fact is more than 80% of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.
 That makes me feel like a tiny ant. lol  When Earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 Interesting!  Due to differences in atmosphere, sounds on Mars have a higher pitch than they do on Earth.
 lol  A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality tv show.  
 It would be.  I would like to see some lichens and cyanobacteria because they would be able to thrive on Mars. lol  It was fun chatting!
 I would take the trip!  Have to get running.  Have a great day!
 The atmospheres have similar aerodynamic characteristics, maybe ancient Mars was a little like Earth. 
 Hello my name is Dave, how are you this fine day? It think it is pretty crazy that parachutes of space vehicles are made from fabric you can buy at a fabric store.
 I beleive the scientists doing this research will eventually find and even better material for a supersonic parachute. I think space exploration is the future of the US. 
 Yeah I think you're right. What do you think about life on Mars? Do you think that Mars or any other planet will ever be able to sustain life on it?
 I think there is microscopic life on mars possibly but more likely there is something on one of the outer moons of saturn, jupiter. 
 NASA never fails to suprise me as they have always raised the bar. It will be interesting to see how technology advances with these new private companies propping up like it is with Elon Musk's SpaceX
 Yeah. I think that the private sector is the one that will make the most progress in space. They are able to raise more money and have more resources at their disposal. 
 Yeah I agree with private sector will be the future.
 Well. I think I am going to head out here. It was very nice chatting with you.
 you too, thanks for the chat.
 Wow!  I know that it's the third planet from the sun.
 Yes, that's where the show 3rd Rock from the Sun got it's name!
 Yes!  Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago!
 I agree!  The moon is the only natural satellite of the Earth!
 That would be kind of weird after seeing just the moon my whole life.  About 71 percent of the Earth's surface is covered in water.
 I agree there.  That's the next frontier.  Unfortunaley, more than 80% of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed.
 Yes.  I've been to some unforested areas where I live and I was blown away by the size of some of the trees.  Another sad note is that Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century.
 I know it was named after the Roman God of War and I followed the Rover we recently had up there.
 I actually just looked yesterday at the last panorama view they put together.  If you fly to Mars under constant 1g accelaration it will only take 2 or 3 days.
 I think that would be so neat.  A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality tv show.  Maybe we'll get the chance!  It's been fun chatting!
 That is sadly true.  I'm with you there.  Have a great day!
 Hi! I know a little bit here and there! How about you? I'm a huge fan of Jupiter. In fact, one of its moons (Ganymede) would actually be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.
 SO cool, I hope they keep exploring the planet. Nice chatting
 Did you know the Justin Bieber songs? Specially his famous song baby baby song.
 Taj Mahal is bigger than the white house.
 Hello. Can you believe The Onion voted Kum Jong Un as the sexiest man alive, and China actually believed that nonsense?
 I bet he won't shoot a missile!
 Yes. They released pigs and chickens as well. Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful night.
 Bye, now.
 Interesting! well you know, celebrity status is often associated with wealth and PERKS! How cool!
 I wonder if venus made it to the planets that remain from the original planets discovered before the 50's, its crazy how much has changed. We now have Ceres, Pallas and Juno amongst others as celestial bodies, mind blowing  know.
 I agree. Sometimes I just look at the moon at night and think about how small we all are compared to what else is out there!
 We definitely are. Have you ever seen the movie Wall-E? Some of it takes place on a spaceship!
 Well, I guess normal people have it easy. We can just play video games all day!
 Same here! I think I'm going to go play more video games now. It was great chatting with you!
 That is insane!  Oh judge Judy wonder what you do with all your money lol.  Anyways, it's been good talking, I hope you have a good night!
 Yeah he's been around for a while, he's actually going to perform at the Capital One Arena very soon. His newest album is called man of the Woods by the way
 I heard about that! He actually set the speakers on fire because his solo was so awesome LOL that's hilarious
 Yup, I am with you!  It was a pleasure chatting today!
 Huge fan! I like the cha-cha. You?
 I did not that is very interesting! I did know Bruce Lee was a great dancer.
 My baby also is a great dancer and seems to follow the beat!
 Wow! That must be really fun to watch. I was always a fan of Michael Jackson's dancing. 
 Thank you, I did as well.  Thanks for the timely responses. 
 Your welcome good bye.
 Hehe. That's funny.  Speaking of kids, they say even babies spontaneously dance when they hear music.  I saw a youtube video once of a baby jamming out to Gangnum Style by Psy.  LOL
 Hey, you too!  Take care!
 Maybe we'll chat again sometime!
 Well Richard Nixon had a great sense of rhythm, he wrote a piano concerto and performed it live on the Tonight Show.  
 Dance is such a beautiful art even parrots are getting into the action.  Parrots are able to dance perfectly in time with music.  
 Do you think parrots can dance to the sound of a piano?  It crazy to think that steam piano's used to exist and I hear they are very loud.  
 How in the world could a piano have been placed there?  Fun piano fact.  Mozart and Haydn two of the biggest composers of the classical era each owned a piano made from the same tree.  
 All these fun piano facts and to think Italy was the county that invented the piano.  
 Dance is a performance of art selected of human movement. It is the birth place so many exercise movement without the equipment.
 The dance movement differ from culture to culture but all movement are unique it is very interesting to watch it. style is also important.
 Its very interesting! Dance can be described by its choreography, to repeat the movement.
 Its very dangerous. Jupiter planet have many number of satellite. The saturn planet have rings.
 The shape of the moon keep changing from every 15 days. New moon to full moon and then full moon to new moon. We are facing only one side of the moon.
 Amazing. It is played using a keyboard, which is a row of keys the performer press the key. It is very interesting to hear the music of it.
 The scientist still have research about the moon and best of the different things.
 Yeah, I loved it too. Also all the old album rock of the Progressive Rock era, when people really started listening to music as albums instead of singles. Did you ever do that trick with "Dark Side of the Moon" where you play it in sync to The Wizard of Oz?
 If you start the album and the movie playing at exactly the same time, the coincidences between the songs and the movie scenes are pretty weird.
 I used to imagine myself doing the Eric Draven guitar solo scene in The Crow, LOL.
 Yeah. Well I think it's safe to say he has come a long way since Mickey Mouse Club!
 That's cool! Muse is pretty underrated band. Super Massive Blackhole was a great album.
 WOw. Nice chatting with you
 Yes I've actually driven in a Tesla before, what about you? I like that they have a lot of vehicles coming out like the model S and model X these days
 Interesting, I owned an electric car for 3 years, it was an easy car to drive. My husband named it the phantom! He could never here when I got home. lol
 I think so.Do you like Dance? I love to watch babies dance to music, adorable!!
 Thank you you too! And watch out next time you see a ballet dancer, apparently some ballet slippers can make drawings out of the performers movements on the floor
 that is very true, it is relevant. nice chat
 Great chat! I hope you have a good day!
 It's on Discovery Channel. It's a yearly event they have with all different sorts of shows that they air.
 I am a big dog person, I have one of my own. I'm allergic to cats so they were never really an option for me.
 I think dogs are the more social animal so it makes sense for a company to have a dog policy over a cat policy. I know of a few people who have therapy dogs that go to hospitals or even to libraries so that children with reading problems can read out loud to them without feeling embarrassed.
 It was nice chatting with you as well, have a great day!
 Yes, some offer up immense 10 egg omelets and pancakes as big as hubcaps, most places on the strip.
 That is really interesting. So what do you think about judge judy being the second highest paid celebrity behind lebron james?
 That would be fun to see. Do you remember the show Sesame Street? The first celebrity to ever appear on SS was Carol Burnett. 
 It's hard to believe she was the fist celeb. appearance. Speaking of firsts, The first celeb. to voice an animated film was Robin Williams.
 Yeah I think his role as the genie in alladin kind of started that trend. He was awesome in that role. 
 I agree. He was very talented. It was nice chatting with you today. Have a good day.
 Hello, how are you doing today?
 I am good, have you ever been to Las Vegas?
 It is, it has some of the craziest buffets I have ever seen, also its full of clebrity chef's
 Very true. Do you own any fish?
 Yea they look like big leeches with a row of teeth circling there entire mouth! They also only drink water through there skin!
 It would but what if the black swallower get ahold of you? 
 Its been great chatting with you, have a great night!
 I'll have to keep that in mind when deciding on a self defense weapon. Watch out for my hatpin!
 Yes, hats aren't so widely used anymore but they do still play a big role in society.
 Yes for sure. NIce speaking with you
 I have not been in a long time though. Ever sine my wife gave me culture. 
 I try to give her as much grace as I can. We have 2 kids and I try to take them as much as I can so she can have some personal time. I do love hats.
 Bowler! I find it to be so funny looking. I chuckle everytime I see it! What about you? What do you prefer?
 You could wear it to british parliment if you were going to make a point...
 I think we should study that so we can live longer. I have a pension and could use another few years of wealth for my future generations!
 I DONT WANT TO STEAL! Just live a long time and get rich. Nice chatting with you!
 That's a long time! Like going to a Creed concert! 
 And not just without an audience but some musicians like the members of Creed will keep trying even after being sued by four unhappy concert goers. 
 I'd want to be the person who just names the titles of songs, like they did on the Batman Begins soundtrack where it was either a genus or family of bats
 Yes I am.  Been a fan since a kid!  George Lucas created a monster when he made the first Star Wars movie in 1977.
 I believe it!  In 2018 the franchise was estimated to be valued at 65 billion dollars!
 I didn't know that.  She was in the right place at the right time. lol  When it was released, 20th Century Fox thought it was going to flop.  Boy were they wrong.
 That's interesting!  James Earl Jones only spent 2.5 hours recording Darth Vader's lines for the original movie.  Pretty fast worker.
 Good question.  I'm sure he had to have made something.  The franchise made George Lucas a billionaire!
 No doubt!  Do you like going to concerts?
 I didn't know that.  Wow.  That's a lot of concerts in one year.  The Ramones played non-stop over 20 years playing a total of 2,363 concerts.
 They might have!  lol  Pink Floyd played at an ancient 
 You knew about it!  cool!  Sorry I hit the enter button by accident.  In 2002 the band Creed played a show that was so bad that 4 of the concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.  They must have been really, really bad.
 I had no idea!  The soundtrack to O'Brother Where art Thou? is cerfified 8 times platinum!  Loved that movie and the music in it.
 Yeah that is true, they did a great job there. Nice chatting with you
 lol, they say its from the pigeon family! I love birds and have watched them make nest.
 lol I had an African grey that could say everything I said around the house. Like clean your room! as well any loud sounds.
 I agree with you on that! Live each day to the fullest!! Good chat!!
 Yes, I really like all animals and especially birds.
 Very fascinating fact. I would love to see Liam Neesen in the commuter movie.
 I have not, that is a funny name for a bird.
 yeah too bad. birds are amazing though. nice chatting with you
 Yes I love animals. There have been around 1.5 million species described, so plenty for everyone to have a favorite!
 Yes I think so too. And this happened all in 1912! Well it was great chatting with you.
 Animals are pretty fascinating to study. It was good chatting with you too!
 Have a good one!
 Yea, I wonder how often that has ever happened though!
 I really like dogs also but overall I would say a tiger.
 Yeah that's very impressive! I don't think people appreciate that the sun is by far the most important source of energy for our life on Earth
 Yeah, I heard about that candy drawer.  Too funny.It's currently supplied with candy made in Pennsylvania.
 Cool, those are some of my favorites, too. 
 Yeah that one. Nice chatting with you.
 I listen to all sorts as well. I think rock is my favorite genre.
 I have an electric guitar, I never owned an acoustic one. I personally prefer the sound of the electric guitar more.
 I have lately been listening to more greatest hits albums to listen to some classic acts. Right now I am listening to a lot of Queen, David Bowie, and the Dire Straits.
 I stream my music. I like the ability to be able to customize my playlists and separate songs how I would like them. It was fun talking music with you, have a great day!
 That's a good point, I don't bike that far so I think I should be okay. You take care as well.
 yes, that was my sentiment also, dancing can be much fun and relaxing as well as take one away from everyday troublesl
 I can imagine that would make it a lot easier to remember, I wish some other things were in poetic form, that might make them easier to recall.
 did you know that someone made a poem that is depressing when read normally, but becomes inspiring when read backwards? I wonder how much that person got paid.
 hahaha yes, I doubt though as famous as good old Shakespeare, he even invented many names that are still popular to this day.
 Good evening!
 The Amazon guy? Yeah, reality show sounds about right based on the jokes I read on Twitter!
 I do! My mom fed a pregnant cat and encouraged a feral colony to grow up in her back yard, and I inherited responsibility for them and had to move them to where I live now when she died. But they're a lot of fun.
 Sounds kind of like a dog park. I bet it would be fun. Nice chatting!
 Bye!
 I do, I have a dog and two cats. And you?
 William Shakespeare was a master writer; I would argue that the world will never see another like him.
 Why yes I did! Poetry dates back such a long time. It started in Africa by the Nile, Niger and Volta river valley. 
 Hello!  Yes I do.  He is regarded as the greatest writer in the English language.  Are you a fan?
 I find him to be like poetry...it takes a while to get. I saw Macbeth at the Folger Theatre and enjoyed it.
 How neat!  He coined a lot of popular phrases we still use today such as "good riddance" "laughing stock" etc.
 Really? I hear he invented the name Miranda. Who knew he influenced "Sex and the City".
 Wow. Too bad they didn't meet. I'd like to see Pocahontas play Lady MacBeth...though I don't think they allowed women onstage back then.
 I'm not sure.  Ironically both of them died only a year apart!  Do you like dancing?
 I like slow dancing with my gf. I can't do Michael Jackson-like extreme moves.
 lol Me neither.  Did you know that he had a patent on a device that he used to get those extreme leans in some of his moves?
 He was good with $$, not unlike Tupac...who did ballet.
 I didn't know he did ballet.  Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won a Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 Apparently, dancer can kick some ass. Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music. 
 lol  Profesional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.  I wonder if Tupac wore those?  lol
 Probably. He was mouse king in the Nutcracker. He could break some balls
 LOL  On a different subject, did you know that Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 for the publication of his poem "The Raven"?  
 Wow. He should've moondanced instead. Or at least write a poem going backwards.
 haha  There is a poem that if you read in normally is depressing but if you read it backwards it's inspiring!  That had to be tought to write.
 Sounds like something the Beatles would do. Michael Jackson owns those rights too. 
 Yes he was smart to buy those rights!  Have you ever heard of the Javanese alphabet?  I've never heard of it.  When recited in order it forms a poem.
 I'm going to check it out now. Take care!
 Yes apparently he kept his job in the boiler room of his apartment even after becoming the biggest rockstar in Russian history. What a humble guy.
 I know! I really enjoy stories about famous perfromers remaining humble and to their roots. 
 I would love to see that!
 I have! Lady Macbeth was always my favorite character but now I'm leaning towards Lady Macduff. A revival of the play about ~350 years ago gave her a bigger role and she's actually heroic, not murderous lol
 Yes, I was thinking that you could enjoy the dialogue between Lady Macbeth and Lady Mcduff, would you like to be chatting with them?
 Thank you! I love meeting a fellow fan of the Bard upon Avon :)
 Maybe next time we meet, we can talk about the rest of the Bard's plays!
 Yes!
 Maybe also we can discuss some of the Greek epics, like Odysseus. I studied Classics on college and love Greek poetry!
 Good morning. Have you watched the Ethiopian celebrity chef? He's awesome.
 I bet both she and lebron have got to go to pixars secret room. I just wonder what they keep in there.
 With aladdin, Robin williams began the trend of celebrities voicing characters in animated films. He was a great man. I just love the work he did on the genie in aladdin.
 I think most games are played with only two teams. Although there is a variation of the games that utilizes three teams in one game.
 I used to play trumpet and did like it. I just ran out of time. I want to get my son into music. He wants to play the guitar so I am going to go that route...
 ya it's definitely worth learning an instrument, the longer you play the better you will be so it would pay to have your son start early!
 I just want to give him an outlet for his anger. He is 7 and likes sports but I want him to have another outlet for stress. Do you play for stress release?
 well I would say I play it because it's fun, personally. haha, I guess since its fun it's kind of like stress release, I am relieved to know that Paris Hilton holds the world record for most overrated celebrity
 Very underwhelmed... Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah good call.  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
 It really is. Did you know that the sun is actually white. It just looks yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
 No they di not. Lol. I heard about a tore in alabama that only sells clothing and electronics that was left at baggage claim at the airport.
 Yeah I just want one of those shirts with the apple logo on it. Yep nicechat. Have a good one.
 Hi, do you like soccer?
 I know Everton. They are on every once in a while. I usually watch them on NBC Sports while I clean or do chores around the house. 
 They are the team that produced Wayne Rooney before he was purchase by Manchester united for a lot of money.  He plays for DC United here now.
 I just know Rooney from his hair plugs! He is a really talented player!
 Me either. I have a feeling that it will involve a large settlement.
 MeToo!!!! Mine is 5 and I would move some furniture if something happened to her. Nice chatting with you?
 Not the best subject to end on, but hopefully the long run will see benefits.  Good bye.
 Well, Ive enjoyed chatting with you about basketball!
 Yeah same here, it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 Definitely super dramatic, a good crowd pleaser, lol. I'm going sign off after this, great chatting with you!!
 Its been great chatting with you as well, I will go and watch some basketball videos in YouTube now.
 He was. He set many world records!
 Me either! I'm really not fond of running. Speaking of sports, did you know ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes per week?
 I'm guessing they were just made with better materials, though i'm not sure. I wonder what the first shoe was made out of.
 Seems like a pretty good idea. My son also has really stinky shoes!
 That seems pretty scary. I heard talk of them making a really fast mode of transportation like that in America too.
 I'm sure its very peaceful there. I walk a lot and one thing I hate are cars whizzing past me! 
 I'm sure that could get pretty annoying when visiting. In Japan the highway tolls can cost more than 300$ to travel across country! 
 I've always wanted to visit Japan! I wonder what the king thought of places in Asia and Europe.
 LOL.  Me too!  My knees are hurting even thinking about it
 I bet he will!! It's going to hard to beat that record!! WoW!!! Well, its been a pleasure talking to you today. Enjoy the rest of your day!! Good-bye!!!
 You as well, bye!
 Yes I played the original Nintendo Entertainment System back in the 80s, it can only display 54 colors but that never bothered me
 It was the cast of Monty Python's Flying Circus. Eric Idle is one that most people would know in America. Cause he did a lot of American Movies.
 I watched it on PBS because it had nudity in the cartoons. I guess PBS could get away with that. You didn't see that on the regular networks.
 Oh lord. Yeah, you would go to the library to see those. At least we did, we couldn't afford a subscription. I found out that George Harrison paid for the production of their movie.
 I didn't even know she was still on TV. I like the MEMEs they make with her forehead slapping unbelievable face. I wonder if she has ever been on Sesame Street. I heard Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on it.
 yes those are funny. I love Carol Burnett, she's such great comedian and a nice person.  Have you seen the youtube videos that make collaboration of judge judy episodes? They are great videos.
 I can't wait until my 190.00 a month cable contract is up, I'm canceling it and doing like you do, stream only with internet. My elderly mom lives with me, I take care of her, that's why I have the cable to begin with.  She wouldn't understand how to stream anything, never been on a computer and doesn't want to learn it at all.
 OOps, I meant Judy was second after Lebron. You can get shows off YouTube that she will like. You can download Youtube for just 9..99 a month. I like comedies with Robin Williams, I found out he was the first celebrity to do the voice for a animated film. It was Aladdin.
 Actually I also cancelled wifi. I found out you can download to your phone at the library and then watch it at home with no connection. I get Prime Video because I like Prime anyway for free shipping. They have a ton of great shows. Probably second only to Netflix.
 Also, they have Prime music. I just found out that Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack. I bet they have Jaws on Prime. In Richmond V.A. they 2 hour shipping for Prime Members.
 I did and he was the first guy to stat the trend of celebrities doing voices. 
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm doing great! Did you know that Adam Sandler has a special on Netflix?
 Yeah. I usually end up drinking too much and then thinking turning on one of his movies would be a great idea. Then I end up drinking more to pass the time and then fall asleep an hour in. It's a vicious cycle.
 Sandler has 2 movies with a 0 rotten tomatoes score. Ha!
 I'll check them out. Nice chatting with you!
 Voting is a method to elect their representative, it is the duty of every citizen to cast their vote and select their representative for the nation.
 Astronauts vote from space. It shows voting is very important to the nation. Voting is the biggest gift to people in the democratic nation.
 It affects the entire democracy of the nation. Voting means people are also in the part of the government. People enjoy the vast power.
 But people only choose the leader. In election campaigns all the party leaders canvas the people.
 Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these candidates" voting option for presidential elections. Election is the usual mechanism by which modern representative democracy has operated since the 17th century.
 HEY, DO YOU WATCH nETFLIX?
 It did something really awesome by signing Adam Sandler to a 4 movie deal in 2014, do you like Adam Sandler?
 Yeah I think he will be clowning around aping artists like Bruce Springsteen, lol, I would love to see that. really. 
 yeah thats so tru, it has specials and movies staring awesome stars like Terry Crews, Steve Buscemi, Danny Trejo and Nick Nolte.
 That is awesome to know, I know ratings mean a lot in the entertainment industry, but do you know more of how Rotten Tomatoes works?
 Ohh That's cool, Professional Reviewers that's where it gets the reputation I read somewhere that Rotten Tomatoes is owned by Warner Bros.
 Ohhh Now I get it, lol makes more sense when you put it like that. Do you play or like any video games?
 Oh yeah I did.  I still do.  One of the best gaming systems ever!
 Nice!  I can't believe they have been around over 100 years.  They were founded as a playing card company in 1889!
 Oh yeah!  Nintendo has a market value of over $85 billion dollars!
 Yes they did!  Because they own them there is a 3DS app that allows you to order food direct to your seat!
 Wow, you can play Pokemon and order a hot dog at the same time!
 Yes! lol ...and you can use the handheld console that Nintendo released in 2001 specifically for Pokemon. lol
 That game I think is the best game of all time.  Nintendo also produced a lego knock off when they were a toy company.  Interesting.
 A lot of companies have made lego knockoffs.  Never as good as the real thing.
 There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey.  H*** no!  Yikes!
 Yes!  lol  I think I like New Zealand a whole lot better because there are no snakes there!
 Yikes!  lol  The fear of snakes is hard wired not only in human brains but also in monkey brains.  I knew I always shared a lot in common with monkeys.  lol  I had fun chatting!
 Yeah me too.  Try not to worry too much about snakes
 I won't I promise! lol Have a great night!
 Haha, I think I've liked 1 or 2 things over his very long career!
 Probably the bombing.  If they're popular, at least they'll be getting specials and money and all that.  Maybe you can buy nice stuff with the sweet, sweet Netflix cash.
 I've seen a ton of stuff from them that I've really, really enjoyed.  It's kind of cool to see what people can make when they are just handed a pile of money and let loose.
 I so want that opportunity.  Someone needs to just throw money at me! :-)
 Hahaha yeah!  I want to pitch them my comedic animated Korean drama monster cooking gourmet food after the apocalypse TV series!
 That sounds amazing! Totally would watch it. 
 Hahaha right?  I should go and write it up and submit it now.
 Do it. :-)    Nice chatting with you! 
 Nice chatting with you too!! Have a good one!
 You too. 
 Hello! So do you get into politics at all?
 I follow sometimes. I think it is pretty important these days to keep up on what is going on, but I am not outspoken like celeb's, Taylor Swift and Kanye.
 I vote, but I completely understand your point. Sometimes I think the system is rigged anyway but I vote just so I can feel like I did my duty. I never have a side, I am not Republican or Democrat, just want to vote whoever is the best for our country.
 Exactly. I think voting should be changed somehow. But we all know it won't happen. Just like in 2012...in 9 states voters were blocked from the polls.
 I agree 100%. We as a country seem to be going through some very crazy times right now and God only knows what will happen in our future. Not much makes sense. But for some Indians, their government set up a strange polling booth in a forest full of lions! 
 True. Officials in Ancient Athens were appointed by a lottery....that's pretty interesting! 
 Yep, true. Money is always going to be a problem in this country. Greed is evil and ruins everything. I just hope for future elections and for voting something changes and we can get to be back on track. It has been great chatting!
 bye!
 hope so!
 It seems like Nintendo really does listen to its customers.  They have always been a company that makes quality stuff.
 Funny for Reagan.  Thanks for the excellent chat!
 haha that is funny, also funny is how that Texas town renamed their garbage dump to the name Fred Durst
 haha that is wild! imagine hillary with a beard
 I do love the look of that game. I really like the mario brothers franchise. 
 Oooohhhh.... I do like the original legend of zelda. I wish they had that game for the ipad. I would play it so much! Well, I am now married with kids so maybe not...
 I have a son that is into pokemon and his cards are everywhere. They have 750 episodes and I think I have seen them all! 
 Me neither but my wife has turned me on to some of the less adventurous items like shrimp and some sushi. I like the baked stuff, which people will judge me for eating but, whatever...
 Right! I hate snakes. Might move to new zealand to escape them!
 Yup Nice chatting with you!
 Well, I've enjoyed chatting! Have a good day!
 Bye!
 Love the ingenuity!  Do you like rage against the machine?
 i do! And tom morello from rage against the machine was a trekkie and was lucky enough to be the show twice
 That was always my favorite one.
 Loved the movies too.. i actually have the box set
 How cool. I think there are some movies I still need to catch up on. I hope they create a new series one day. Star Trek was actually cancelled in 1969 because of poor ratings but when the reruns became popular, Paramount decided to expand the franchise.
 There are a bunch of spinoffs... i think there are like 5 different series after the original.  The recent movies are really good too!
 I'm glad they decided to go on beyond those first three seasons after which it was cancelled.
 yeah mee too... many celebrities have come from the shows... look how it launched patric stewarts career!
 I wish I was a celebrity. Then I could visit Pixar's secret room!
 I thought he did a great job as the Genie. I think he also created a movement by having celebreties voice cartoons.
 I do, she's great. Nice chatting with you!
 I watched when I was a little girl on TV. Ahead of its time for sure!!
 Phil Collins seems to be well versed in languages.  He did recordings of tarzan in english, italian, german, spanish, and french
 I wonder how fast Tolkien and Lewis could read?  They used to read bad poetry together and have "you laugh you lose" competitions.
 Nice talking to you!  Have a nice day!
 hello,  do you like movie soundtracks?  I recently learned that steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtracks.  Thats pretty amazing. 
 Yes I enjoy soundtracks very much. One of the first I heard was the one from the movie Legend with Tom Cruise.
 I breed chickens. Just kidding. I enjoy movies, radio, and music. A good movie soundtrack really hits the spot!  What about you?
 Lol nice intro
 Thanks. Maybe I could get a job with Steven Spielberg... He can play the clarinet like he did for the soundtrack of Jaws, and I can pretend to be talented.  What do you think?
 Yeah, or M. Night Shamalan (spelling?). I alsolike it when celebrities mock themselves, like Kanye West did on SNL. Although Taylor Swift may not have enjoyed that...
 You gotta have a sense of humor about these things!  Like when Taylor Swift acceidnetally release 8 seconds of white noise, which ended up topping the charts in Canada! Tat is a great commentary on what Canadians enjoy about Swift music...
 Maybe. Do you think her proclivity to walk backwards to avoid having her photo taken is brand-building?
 Agreed.  Still, it would be nice to have her $40 mil jet and personal airport hanger in Nashville. Right?
 Let change the subject to something more profound and significant... Haave you ever read "Starship Troopers"...after all, it is on the reading list of 3 of the 5 military branches, so it's gotta be good, right??
 Did you experience a "Moral Panic" from those novels like so many did in the 18th century upon reading novels?
 I would love to attend one of those "You laugh, you lose" contests made famous by CS Lewis and Tolkien. I could end up being the biggest loser!
 Oh, and it would be really lovely if they speed-read their horrible poetry out loud! I don't know if they could achieve the record 4700 words per minute laike Anne Jones, but it would be fun watching them try!
 Probably but your explanation is funny.  Did you hear about Burger King's promotion related to Facebook?
 If you unfriend 10 people on Facebook, you can get a free whopper.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you!
 Oh man I am low on dragon energy.  You?
 Here too.  Maybe we should both eat a few big macs!!
 Big Macs are ok.  The quarter pounder with bacon and cheese is good.  Filet-O-Fish is one of he best things on the planet.
 So..the Trumpster seems to like his fast foods!!  That explains that belly.  lol
 Yes.  Michelle Obama tried to motivate kids to exercise, eat right.  Trump is more of a french fries are my friends kind of guy.  Salad bad.
 Well I guess as long as Trump is here, those gaseous cows will still be making burgers?
 Gassy cows?  I see that Kanye West has been talking about his MAGA hat again.  A special hat that gives powers.  
 If you could understand the words.  I have trouble with that.  IN sweden it is illegal to name children metallica, superman, veranda, ikea and elvis..  Wonder why?
 If your name was superwoman, and you were young child, it might make you.... a lot more likely to jump off a building.  The problem with my middle name of Ikea is mostly meatballs.
 There's probably many lessons out there.  He is a good guy in supergirl!!
 No.  Black Panther hero pre dates the black power group. So long.
 Yes, along with sharks and  orangutans. How's that for a weird animal fact?
 Oh, okay that makes perfect sense.
 I have in the past. I know the co-founder of reddit has a cat named Karma. I think that's cute.
 Are you serious? Why am I not surprised by that? I know now there are posts organized by subject into user created subreddits.
 SO cool. Nice chatting with you
 You too! Have a nice evening!
 Same here, have a good one
 Yes, love dynosaurs, I am giving you an excellent, thanks for the conversation!
 Cool, I may see you there :)
 yeah, think that was while back when trump had kanye to the white house
 Seems like kanye was there praising Trump for prison reform or something, I don't recall
 yeah, Kanye took a lot of flack for being a trump supporter
 A little, didnt know there was a coin with super man on one side in canada
 meet my kid, superman. Ha! poor kid. How about the soviet union version of superman. Do you think he drinks alcohol?
 yeah, orange juice is boring without a little vodka. soviet superman coulda been a big hit as a series.
 he could invite Thor over for a drink wield his hammer and whatever else of Thor's he wanted to.
 did you know that jimmy carter installed solar panels on the white house and reagan removed them?
 Yes i did! It seems to be something different with him everyday. I guess it does shorten his autograph a bit. 
 Thats great! I love Neil! Was it just a cameo? 
 I like Green eggs and ham.
 I can't believe Dartmouth gives out honorary phds. Seems like something non-ivy league schools would do.
 Haha you and me both. I think the internet has come a long way. It even helped introduce KPop to everybody!
 I guess he needs to diversify all his money lol. Speaking of crazy, do you know the us military uses xbox 360 controllers for their EOD robots?
 Good afternoon!
 I bet with twins.  I have a boy and girl, but they are 22 months apart and that's a lot of work!!  Having twins must be so exciting though! So adorable!!
 Wow! Probably because all of their operators played the games growing up so it was only natural!
 I just got into Rick and Morty but am only on episode 2. But rat brains is pretty creepy.
 Overall, do you like the show? I want to get into it but haven't gotten excited about it yet.
 I will have to use that resource to look it up. I may even use the hamburger button!
 Me too! Nice chatting with you!
 I guess we'll have to wait and see. nice chatting with you
 bye
 I think the switch to renewable energy is a responsible choice by any president. That is really awesome. 
 I hope so or McDonald is upset for nothing. I at least hope people understand the sacrifice. I for one do and vote every election. Even the "meaningless" local elections.
 That's exactly why I vote, I can make a difference, even if statistically, my vote doesn't count.
 Not sure Hogan would be a good choice, with his racial slurs being caught on video and all. The Rock would do well. Plus he's easy on the eyes...
 That and they say that generally the taller the candidate, the more likely they win.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Parents you are appeasing their kids watch it of course!  Millions were watching the 2018 Kids' Choice Awards.
 She was a part of the experiments of mind control and moving to other dimensions to hear what the Russians are plotting about - and all previous "experiment" subjects failed. She is number 11 and is successful ;)
 I think it is cool that youtube is pairing with tv stations to offer streaming for people that don't want cable. 
 I havnt. Is it any good.
 Well it certainly sounds interesting.
 Thats cool. I like both of those actors.
 Do you know any celebrities?  I met Robin Williams once right after he started the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films
 I dont personally know any. Do you.
 I would rather watch her than lebron any day. Lol.
 That is good of him to do. Wonder how he is doing it.
 I dont really see how that is combating hunger but ok.
 That is cool. I would really like to see that room.
 Im sure she has. I was never a big carol burnett fan tho.
 I just watch it to find out how to do stuff. Like work on the car or something.
 Oh interesting. I think actors should just focus on acting. Like the Stranger Things tv show was amazing. So glad the Duffer Brothers created it.
 Yeah good point. Google actually created a network that watched 10 minute youtube clips to recognize cats. Nice chatting with you!
 I have recently started to listen to country music and I really like it. It used to be called "Hillbilly music" haha but Connie B. Gay coined the term "Country music."
 I do too, and Darius Rucker! In 1966 the album "NFL Country" was released. NFL players sang along with country music stars haha
 So Jupiter is basically our superhero? I guess not all heroes wear capes lol
 Great chat! Have a good day/night
 Great chat indeed, a lot of cool facts, info, thanks again and have a great night
 Not really. Just never got into ito it to much. How about you.
 That is crazy. Did you know that a new england high school team actually beat the womens olympic team 6-3.
 I heard that. Allso it 1932 india beat the US 24-1 Thats kind of embarrassing as well.
 Yeah I love country music.
 I did hear that actually. Its funny that nobody noticed it was them.
 Not me. Lot of talent in that family huh.
 I dont know, I kind of like jazz. In 96 a nfl country was released. Did you hear about that.
 Yeah, my son is really into science, so we are always learning new stuff and doing little experiments.
 That would really make it hard to get the yard mowed huh.
 That is sad to think about.
 Hello
 I do.  I played in elementary school
 Ice hockey. I think field hockey is for those who take it a bit less seriously.
 for the most part, I spent 98% of my time on the net.  The only time I ever got pulled off goal was to do workouts or coordination work.
 In someways the same and some different.  It's a bit like the idea of trying to play golf with a bat.  Honestly, it's a little bit like fast paced competitive floor sweeping really.
 it's a bit like taking a shower with your clothing on.  You finish and you are soaked.  One way to get around the misery is to chew gum.  It keeps your mouth from drying out.
 oh totally, but it's...  usually afterwards, you drink a bottle of gatorade or powerade or even orange juice and you have recovered a lot of what you lost.  Everybody is different, but an hour after a game or a heavy practice and you are back to where you were, mostly.  Worst case, eat a donut or a couple clif bars.
 I'm listening to country right now.  I put some Darius Rucker on
 I actually would have guessed Georgia.  It seems like a place where country would be really popular.
 oh, for sure.   other instruments, like banjos, pianos, horns and even organs show up, but lead guitar, bass and drums are still fairly common
 I did not.  George Strait must be related to everybody.  His family must be huge
 You have a swell day as well.
 Sure! Like Bill Murray, I think Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy. You?
 Yeah. There was a time period where quite a few chick comedies came out that were pretty good, but we seem to be in a slump these days. Am I right?
 She shined in that role.  But more typical these days are flops like, "The Spy Who Dumped Me"  --  Did they really think a movie with the word "Dumped" in the title was going to fair well?
 Not quite as popular as the movie "Girls Trip" but not a total loss like the movie "Rough Night"
 Yeah, but it has been a few years since be had a popular bromance like "the Hangover" or "Harold and Kumar"...
 Yeah. If you find a good comedian that can also act, and find th eright situation for them, you can get a pretty good film. But comedians thrive on failure too. Did you know that comedian Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy?
 Talented comedian!  I also like comedian Demetri Martin. He's quite brilliant too!  He was accepted in into Harvard Law School, but dropped out because he was bored to pursue comedy. I'm thankful for that!
 Was it as bad as Disney's Sleeping Beauty episode? Apparently, Disney considering closing down their animation studio when that movie failed expectations. Good thing they did not!
 A great date night movie for Valentines Day... Maybe a dinner theater where you and your partner can dine on Liver and Far var bean with a nice Chianti?   No, I would definitely still prefer a good old fashion slap stick comedy!
 That's right.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you.  I have to go wash my car, now.  I'll talk to you later.
 Although the hoop is 10 feet tall and she's like, what?, maybe four feet tall? ha.
 You never know she might have hops. Or come out in Space Jam beast mode. That movie is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time.
 Even more than Hoosiers? I'd like to see a buddy movie with Rodman and Kim Jong Un. They can go on various adventures. 
 That would be an amazing movie! That movie would be seen world wide.
 Kim Jong Un can show us how he always shoots holes in one, or how he learned to drive at age 3 or was voted the sexist man alive...and next to Rodman he will seem like a very reasonable person!
 Holding a lighter and swaying to Layla, most likely. Well, after this last summit broke down, I'm not sure how much more we will see of him. 
 I am a big fan of Star Wars - ever since I saw the first one in 1977
 I am as well! Star Wars has been a huge success! 
 Yes! The Force Awakens was a great one and the 1st 8 films were nominated for Academy awards, and rightly so!
 Exactly, it deserves all it has accomplished in entertainment!  James Earl Jones was only paid 7,500 bucks for 2.5 hours of recording all of Dath Vaders lines, that is insane!
 I am not sure, but he should have made a lot more money for sure. I guess when it all began 20th Century Fox thought Star wars would be a flop so they probably didn't figure to pay out too much.
 Hahaha, that's awesome for her...he deserved some recognition though. But George Lucus is a billionaire so...
 Exactly! Good choices on his part. So do you like to Golf at all? I was just playing miniature golf recently lol...
 What?? That is just insane. An average Golf course consumes over 300,000 gallons per day as well....that is a ton of water. 
 Exactly! I was reading about Bruce Lee recently, and he was so good at dancing he won the championship in the 50s for the Cha Cha in Hong Kong....I wonder if he played Golf too lol
 So amazing . Nice chat today
 Hello,  have you watched iron Man?
 I have! It was great!
 I agree!  I recently re watched it,  very funny too. I love the part where he is experimenting with the first suit he made and a lot goes wrong lol 
 LOL. Robert Downy Jr was an awesome choice to play Iron Man!
 The director chose to film in California because most of the super heroes takes place on the east coast!  
 Yes, I enjoy watching basketball. I am a fan! Interesting Kim jong-un was obsessed with basketball.
 Yeah I bet they are wishing they could take that contract back now.  It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 I do like watching it!  Are you a fan?  I always look forward to watching the annual NHL winter classic where they play outdoors.
 Yes.  I live up North near Lake Erie and before the tv signals went digital I was able to use a tv with an antenna to pick up Hockey night in Canada during the week.  It was like Monday Night football here in the states.  I'm a sports fan so at the time it was great to be able to watch that in the middle of the week.
 Wow.  I believe it.  Having to skate and carry around all that extra padding is physically tough.  The Slovakian women's team once beat Bulgaria 82-0!  That's a goal every 44 seconds!
 Yes. lol  The U.S. Olympic women's hockey team once lost to a New England high school team by a score of 6-3.  That had to be humiliating as well.  lol
 LOL I don't know.  They once had hockey in the summer olympics in 1932 and India beat the U.S. that year 24-1.
 LOL  I love traveling!
 I wish we had a better bus and train system here in the U.S.  Air travel is up to 10 percent slower now that it was in the 1960's in order to save fuel costs.  That's something I wouldn't have guessed.
 Yes.  That's what I thought.  Do you like wearing hats?
 I used to have one when I was in 4H for horses.  When you get a phd in Finland you are given a top hat and a sword with your diploma!
 I didn't know that!  There are many uses for a hat...some for protection, some for function, and some simply for style.
 I am grateful for hats not only they look great but they protect us from the sun
 London cabs makes me think of taxis lol. I've been to Mackinac Island where motorized vehicles are banned and it's pretty cool!
 Good chatting.
 yeah... it pretty much play a part in everything... look at pixar for example!  They studdied the physics of curly hair for 3 years to get merida's hair right!
 Yes she was.. a great movie for sure!
 That's crazy!!!  Goodfor him!
 Awww.. you are not all those... you can still read ;)
 Yeah me too... would of loved to be a part of that group!!!
 yeah... let's read... heheheeee :p
 I like auto biography and true crime mostly but if the writer is good, I will read fantasy, comedy and more! Did you know that William Shakespeare is considered the greatest writer in the English language?
 Romeo & Juliet is a great one to see. I love the original most, but the movie that was set in contemporary times is also good. WSC Avant Bard is doing something similar with a modern version of Shakespeare's Illyria.
 I always thought it was funny that he married someone named Anne Hathaway. It was interesting to learn that after seeing films with the actress Anne Hathaway.
 Well the universe is made up of planets right. So the bigger planets suck the smaller ones in and consume them.
 I am with you there. I dont think we are living in a hologram
 Very true on that one as well.
 I havnt but I have used som of the phrases he coined.
 My daughter is named olivia as well, and I have a sister named jessica
 Not really. Did you know pocahontas was alive the same time as shakespeare
 I picture shakespeare sitting there in a big heavy victorian coat by a piano. With candles to light the room and he iswriting music with a quill.
 Just a lot more dancing and gestures instead of words. I dont find that difficult to fathom.
 I could see a martial artist to be good on his feet.
 All my kids have loved music. Even as babies they would nod their head when music was playing.
 Well ttyl.
 Haha yes I like those kinds of movies! And comedy is one of the oldest genres in film! Very timeless!
 Wow they are so powerful. They control so much. I would love to work for Netflix-they get paid to watch Netflix. Well some employees do at least. 
 It was good talking to you!
 Yes. What type of movie you prefer ?
 Comedy movie is my favourite it make stress free and happier also. The main aim of the film is to make the audience to laugh.
 The origin was found in Greece. Mainly stand-up comedy is very famous it held at theatre also.
 Comedy is divided into multiple genres based on the source of humor and the method of delivery. There are different form of comedy.
 Stand-up comedy is my best and the way of delivering is also very good make me laugh.
 21 Jump street, hangover, Deadpool, The Dicator etc...
 I loved Deadpool! It was one of the best superhero movies lately. The Hangover is funny too, one of the better bromantic comedy movies.
 Laughing make free from stress and bring happier it also good for health. So only i watching it to free from worries also.
 Sometime i read comic books also. Netflix is a media service provider founded in 1997 which offers online streaming of a library of films and television programs.
 Please add I am also the next one. In US only 58.46 million subscriber for Netflix.
 There are so many subscribers all over the world. It makes me want to go watch some movies on Netflix right now. I think I'll try one of the ones you suggested earlier. Thanks for chatting!
 Agreed. It is better than being stuck watching 7500 episodes of pokemon.
 I have a really sensitive 7 year old and he would lose sleep over it. He was afraid of the beast in beauty and the beast. HA!
 ah that is interesting, I liked Starship Troopers a lot, I'll have to checkout Firefly even though I know its not a similar product, I do like that Johnny Depp makes surprise appearances of Captain Jack Sparrow though
 I am a fan of tomb raider. 
 I prefer the video game myself. I got the game that came out in 2013.
 Well, if you are ever a panda researcher, I hope you are into role-play because panda researchers wear the costume.
 I wear the wolverine costume on a daily basis. Is that weird? Like Johnny Depp traveling with jack sparrow? Oh wait, that's super cute.
 Well when I was in high school people called me Wolverine a few times because I kept a big beard.
 Nope. All because of the beard. It's amazing what a beard can do. Did you know the Hulk has indestructible pants? 
 It's one of his super powers. I think it's strange too.
 It was great chatting with you!
 You too. Thanks so much for chatting with me.
 Have a great night!
 Such a great approach. Nice chat tonight
 Hi, how are you?
 All started by a couple of college kids. Worth billions now.
 They should have googled it.  They would have found all that out beforehand.  Plus, the fact that live goats STINK!
 That's true, too! Well, nice chatting with you, enjoy your day.
 One tip is what they call a food fast.  Essentially you eat everything in your house before you can go to the store (except for eggs, milk, bread, and other perishables.) 
 I'm not Mr. Environment, but I am all for reusing things and that is a great way.
 Need to run, but thanks for chatting!
 Yes, I have heard it as a Hillbilly, well, you always will find somebody trying to feel superior to others, I am giving you an excellent, thank you, you were great!
 Thank you you've been excellent as well and make sure to check out George Strait, I guess he's cousins with Jeff Bezos, I can only imagine that they're both loaded haha.
 That is so much money, it is crazy. Nice chatting with you :)
 Did you count them personally?  I hate it when you are counting and someone interrupts, making you lose count.  I can't quite picture that number of animals
 No, I started counting them but my magic marker ran out of ink and I lost track.
 I think we should protect big foot too. I think it makes perfect sense to protect something that we don't know exists.
 Good point, you should find the researcher and put that to them.  I've heard that before, I think it's the same with floppy ears like you get on dogs.  And don't say humans don't have floppy ears.
 They do, I've seen some people with ears so big they couldn't lean out the window of a moving car because their ears would beat them to death.
 Ha! No actually I don't have a computer, I am projecting images to you telepathically. I am also quite crazy.
 At Apple they will have the iSwab to do that, just like any other swab, just more expensive.  Good chatting with you, have a good evening
 Netflix had a few successes with putting out romantic comedies recently with "The Kissing Booth" being popular.
 Many blockbuster movies are out there.  Peter Kavinsky is becoming popular on the internet
 Yeah! It was nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, I don't know if I believe that one! Good chatting. Take it easy!
 I do like them!  I rely on them to make money!
 Isn't that crazy something so small can power something so big?
 It does.  In 1936 the Russians made a computer that ran on water.  I'm guessing they must have used something like a water wheel to generate a power system.
 Yes. lol  Someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.  I don't know how that works.
 I kind of like the idea of being able to upload your mind to a computer and memory sticks because you would be leaving some kind of legacy behind after you're gone.
 Yes.  Do you know much about animals?  I love them.
 Whoa!  Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.  Interesting.
 LOL that's great!  Under the provisions of the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act, the Loch Ness monster is a protected species!
 I would like to think that it was real, but by now I would have thought if it did exist there would be some solid evidence.
 I would think so for sure!  Hiccups area a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs!  It's been fun chatting!
 I do miss Blockbuster myself. I used to spend a lot of time up there growing up.
 It was good talking to you!
 Hi! Are you a Netflix user?
 Yup. It's available worldwide, except for China, Syria, and North Korea. So, I should be good for a long time!
 Yeah, and with them in 2012 becoming content-production enterprise as well, they have solidified their long term success.
 Of course we would!  I hear that the company started because the founder was fed up with late fees of VHS rentals. Seems like ages ago....
 Blockbuster had more than one chance to buy Netflix, but they choked. And now Blockbuster, who could predict their own demise, will forever be known for their lack of foresight.
 Shame. I had a Blockbuster close to my home. Now it is an empty building. And today, Netflix and YouTube account for half of peak internet traffic in the US
 Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph must be proud!
 Sure. There are lots of competition out there. I enjoy watching a lot of comedies they have on Netflix. I think there is a Demetri Martin comedy special available on Netflix now. He is awesome. He dropped out of law school out of boredom to start his career in comedy.
 That's a good place to find out info!  The Shawshank Redemption is a highly rated movie on IMDB, which was not initially recognized in the theaters.
 Well, it is the highest rated movie on IMDB, so there are a lot of folks that agree with you!
 Many times and I will likely watch it again soon. It is always enjoyable to watch.  Nice chatting with you!
 I do!  I like all movies actually. lol
 Hmmm...I'm not familiar with that one.  I'm going to have to check it out on Netflix.
 Haha...I'm behind on my movies.  Is that one also on Netflix?  There may be some binge watching in my future.
 From 9PM to 12AM Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.  I'm going to have to catch up during those hours.  lol
 Netflix and youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America so I'll have some competition to catch up.  lol
 Yes!  I won't be watching on dvd because I don't subscribe to that.  However, people still must because Netflix spend 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth!
 Yes seeing how Netflix is now worth $2 billion and Blockbuster is down to 1 store, which I saw that on the news this past week after a 2nd location announced they were closing.
 Right! I used to check out DVDs of my favorite shows and movies there. I really liked the show Friends.
 Me too!  I was surprised that 3rd Rcok from the Sun beat out Friends, Seinfeld, and Frasier for the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 It was that goofball corny comedy. lol  Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.  Was he that skinny guy from the Drew Carey show?  I had fun chatting!
 I'm not sure, glad it worked out for him though! Nice chatting with you!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Hmmm... I would buy a farm and hire people to work for me for food :) endless circle ;) lol
 Good plan.
 Yeah, apparently they like to be petted because it's similar to the way penguin groom (or preen) each others feathers.  I guess like other animals, it's a bonding experience. 
 Yeah, I'm told the money goes to help support breeding for endangered species, so it's a win-win for all involved!
 Hey, you too!  Have a great evening!
 Do you like animals ? here are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 good question. In 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights.
 Not the fastest, but the longest lol.  Well it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
 Yes, The study of non-humans is called zoology. Animals are multicellular.
 Yes, I have some fishes and dogs. what about you ?
 Due to deforestation, we lost so many features. It is very difficult to preserve the forest and save the animals from hunter. Elephant is mainly hunted for its ivory.
 It is very interesting. We must save and protect them. We expanding you area and occupy their living space.
 Fishes living in fresh water drink only fresh water through their skin via osmosis, while the saltwater fish drink water through mouth.
 I see in the fish exhibition in my childhood. Its very nice time.
 All animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin C but human cannot do it due to defect of gene.
 In the early stage, human want to hunt for their food, so only he domesticated dog for hunting.
 Humans use tools to a much higher degrees than any other animals
 Wow, can't imagine! Fish can be pretty interesting, and strange looking.
 Agreed! Have a nice day.
 Thats awesome. Apparently penguins act like overstimulated toddlers, sounds like so much fun
 Yeah, once upon a time, I went to the library for DVDs and CDs as well before streaming was popular, but these days I go mainly for the books since I prefer traditional books over ebooks.
 Hello,  do you play any fantasy games?  It looks like people even draft fantasy spelling bees lol 
 No I do not play any fantasy.  I have watched that show The League!  That is hilarious!
 Thats amazing! I can't imagine how much faster my work commute would be. Did you know iceland has no public rail service at all? Apparently people either drive or use domestic flights. Sounds expensive!
 Yeah I was wondering the same- maybe people just don't travel much there. I can't even imagine commuting by horse lol I guess this is making me grateful that I at least don't have to fly or ride in a carriage!
 I used to ride competitively when I was younger and yeah its definitely a work out! And i'm not sure what you would do if you had to ride your horse to work...and maybe the city takes care of the poop? This town sounds super weird lol Did you know all the highways in Japan are toll roads? Apparently it costs around $300 to travel across the country
 It sounds super expensive! I'm super jealous you get to visit to snowboard- I've heard their snow is insane!
 Well hopefully they come back with good experiences and advice to share! That way you can avoid spending that $300 driving around lol
 lol right!  Have you traveled to go snowboarding?
 Not outside of the US, but Ive gone to Park City a few times. Nice talking with you! Enjoy your travel to Japan!
 Hi, how are you?
 I do like to travel but I have not been to Japan. What about you? Do you like to travel and have you everbeen to japan?
 I think it would be good, if the island was small enough and nice enough. If it were in a nice area, where you could ride bikes year round, I would love it.
 I couldn't do the horse drawn carriage thing. It would take too long... "I have to go to town, get the horse and buggie ready!"
 Would be a little smelly too. In Iceland they have to fly everywhere if they don't have a car. There's no public rail service.
 2025 is what I heard. I think it was a segment on a podcast I was listening to. It wuld be nice to have it but I wouldn't trust it yet.
 Yeah, that'd be baller! The worst would be the poor peole on the ground that get killed by a falling drone like machine.
 I do not. I cannot understand it for the life of me. I do love sport though.
 I was on a US born team from COmpton. We won the British Cup twice.
 There's so much to unpack there. Maybe next time. Take care.
 Hi, I would like to learn more!
 And the consequences went far beyond, there were even diplomatic consequences!! for England and Australia
 That is right and there is a very interesting match that occurred in 1939, do you know why it is so interesting?
 Well, this was a match between England and S. africa and lasted fourteen days, i can not imagine how it was!
 Well, talking about records, there is one that I would like to copy. It is a travel record by the king Kalakaua, who was the first king to travel around the world
 Well It was nice talking to you! have a good one!
 I do. You might know this or you might laugh but I love Clint Eastwood's jazz music, but not so much his movies.
 Cool! I think I'm going to go listen to some jazz now, I have some really old lps. Anyway have a great night.
 I'm not sure on that. I'm a religious person and think God only put people on this planet. I have no idea if there is other life out there. 
 Not much, except that i live there...
 Wow! That seems like a lot. I wonder how much is salt water like in water world.
 That does make me sad. Teddy Roosevelt was a known conservationist. He made the National park and forest service.
 A library in Sacramento where you can borrow other stuff besides books. Nice chat :)
 Personally, I like most animals, regardless of whether they are cats or dogs. I admit however that the history of man and dogs are a long and interesting one.
 I'm a huge dog lover. I grew with them all my life. Funny though, since I've been on my own I've had a cat. I really want a dog too though.
 I love Golden Retrievers. Always had once growing up. So smart. My parents recently had a Novia Scotia Duck Trolling Retriever. Smartest dog I've ever known. He had a huge vocabulary.
 Yeah, they can learn over a thousand words and reason better than chimps too!
 I'm not sure who does the deposit but it will release food and water for stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. That's such a good idea.
 I bet the dogs are smart enough to figure out that if they bring plastic back they get food. That's awesome! In Moscow some dogs have actually figured out how to use the subway.
 Hello!  Do you like dogs?
 I love dogs.  They are the easiest way to clean the floor. Truly a messy eaters best friend.
 lol  That's funny!  Dogs are not colour blind, but can't see as many different colors as human.
 I think Canis lups familiaris is better than canis familiaris.  Cause some dogs are a little loopy.
 lol  Due to them being so smart their influence on humans is what gave them the nickname "man's best friend".
 Mans biggest moocher as well.  I know that if I point at something the dog will go look at it.  Do you have an elephant?  Can you point at things for it to look at?
 No, I had no idea.  I have also never heard of a dog blood drive.  My dog can  not drive.  Too many squirrels..
 hahaha My dog doesn't like snakes.  He should be a New Zealand dog since there are no snakes there!
 Yes!  lol  There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey.  Sure wouldn't want to cross on of those!
 It would be easy to be afraid of them.  I happen to know that snakes paired organs occur one after the other, not side by side.  Got to be thin, join weight watchers.
 Yes!  Clint Eastwood is a lifetime jazz fan, plays piano, and scored several films with the music!
 It would be pretty wild to go to someones house in Harlem and listen to a free jazz concert.  With Dirty Harry working the door.
 LOL yes!  It was a pleasure chatting with you!  Have a good evening!
 I was a huge Garfield fan when I was a kid
 I agree. It requires practice at a young age. Even if it's just reading novels for fun, it's good for everyone.
 Hi there! Hanging out today. Just got back from getting groceries. Love listening to music when I drive. Love hip-hop. It's hard to believe it has been around since the late 70's!
 Yeah that would be so annoying LOL. I love that even blind people can read to using braille.
 Hard to believe that was a non-issue. Good thing reading success is measured as comprehension. His must have been high.
 ha,ha,ha Good chat!
 Yeah, a lot of people were unhappy. It was nice chatting with you
 Do you like cats.
 That is true I heard when a cat reaches 15 years old it has spent 10 years of its life sleeping.
 Amazing. There is a town in alaska that has a cat as its mayor since 1997.
 Lol. That town probably has like 11 citizens or something like that. Wonder how the cat tells them what decision he has made.
 Me either other than keeping mice away they are pretty much just a nuisance.
 They probably wont have the support of the airways or a major tour, but hey NWA did it why cant they.
 Hey I heard about a set of identical twins released an album on their 100 year birthday. What a way to celebrate, huh.
 I should say so. Lol.
 Thats crazy. If you have ever looked inside one they are pretty intricate machines or instruments I guess I should say.
 Lol. Well I gotta run. Good chat mate.
 I love Pink Floyd. It was good chatting with you too!
 Yes 40 years before that , amazing. Nice chat here
 Such a talent, her name is Anne Jones and set a world record!
 Really, Now that's interesting Its been a nice chat!
 In fact I do! The violin. Funny story. My dad loved the 3 Stooges and had seen one of the stooges play violin and wanted me to play because of that!
 Yeah, I appreciate your time.  Have a good day.
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm doing well.  How are you today?
 I'm great!
 I have and it does work.
 I know right!
 Those shoes must have been great. I seen on the news that a Steve Smith a nfl wide receiver leaves his cleats on the field so he can raise awareness to homeless people that don't have shoes.
 That is strange. Oh! I don't know if you have learned about this in history, but apparently Pilgrims wore colorful clothes and only wore black on special occasions. 
 Haha I know!
 No, I had no idea, but of course I wasn't alive then. lol
 I can totally see that.  Smoking wrecks everything it comes in contact with.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you today, but I need to go walk my dog.  Have a good day.
 Hi, how are you?
 I have some, but only have a rotation of like 4 pair. Im not a materialist person...
 No, I was not. I did know Stephon marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed at $15. he was not paid to endorse them.
 That's a nice sentiment on his part. There are wizard of oz inspired shoes that actually guide you home when you click your heels together using a gps system. That's pretty amazing and fun. 
 Ha ha. You always need a good outfit to go with your shoes.A man wore 70 items of clothing in a chinese airport to avoid the bagging charge. That's innovation.  
 Nice chatting with you.
 I'm impressed that Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness about homeless people
 yeah me neither nice chat
 Yes he is. It was also the first movie to feature an all-Asian cast in Hollywood in more than 20 years which is quite the accomplishment and I'm glad that it did well. Asians seem very underrepresented in film. 
 That makes it accessible to a bigger audience which is good because then more Asian-Americans can see themselves represented on screen. 
 This is mind blowing.  Thank God for Jupiter.  It saves Earth from a lot of asteroids heading toward us.
 I did not. What a silly name ha ha. 
 Yes, and they have to wear a propeller hat on their first day.
 I have always loved reading. I think that reading has always been a gateway to knowledge for me.
 I think Law Libraries in Prisons are wonderful
 No, i didnt! I love that movie! 
 I bet minecraft. I used to teach in a computer lab in middle school. I encouraged the kids to play minecraft instead of boring test taking skills. I told the students to switch the screens real quick when the principal would come in.
 Almost all kids are into that game! I like that libraries are still around. Theres one in California that even checks out sewing machines and stuff. 
 I tried speed reading. It can be done but it takes the fun out of it. And it is not relaxing. It is like driving a race car through a park and finishing it in 30 seconds as opposed to walking for 30 minutes enjoying nature.
 I wish i could speed read! I think its crazy that people in the 18th century had a panic over the spread of novels. 
 i know it seems like a panic over nothing. I didnt know that. Ive actually never seen games of thrones. 
 I watch too much Parking Wars. Im addicted to seeing people get upset getting parking tickets. 
 I saw one about a Towing Company. But I think that was a different one. There was a funny one about them trying to get a guys car who was doing Karate on one of the male drivers when the black female tow driver came up behind him with a wrench and knocked him out. She said "He may know ka-rah-tay...but I know cra-cra." I laughed my head off.
 Those shows are mind numbingly good. You have a great day! 
 You too!
 thanks
 Very smart. In 2016, audiobook sales rose 35%. People found it's a great way to multitask.
 I would go if I were in Sacramento! Great chat! Have a good day.
 Oh I love science documentaries! I find it difficult to watch anything that isn't a documentary! Hey, it's been great talking with you! I hope you have a great day!
 Wow! That might be worth the investment. Just set the price at $1,000 and youve made your money.
 Wow! I just listened to a Radiolab podcast about a library on the border of the US and Canada that serves as a place for people to meet their families at. Those with a one time visa and their parents without a visa to enter the US.
 Yeah. He went on to help others prove their innocence. Seems like a good cause.
 I wish I still had mine. The oldest system I still have is my SEGA Genesis.
 It was the Kellogg company, I almost passed out into my cereal!
 It was nice chatting with you as well, have a great day!
 I agree! It's much better than using chickens for entertainment like the Romans did in ancient Britain
 Honestly, I like them all but if I had to choose a favorite, I'd say Superman. Henry Cavill is my favorite Superman and I'm so thankful he didn't miss the call for the role due to playing World of Warcraft as he almost did. That would have been disappointing! What about you?
 Yeah I used to like his show Bill Nye the Science Guy, and thats funny, he does look like Steve Martin do you agree?
 Do you like to read?  I enjoy Stephen King books.  My first question would be to definitely ask him what I should be reading.  He does admit that is the most frequent question he gets.
 Hi, I love to read. There is so much to read. Did you know about a guy who while imprisoned spent most of the time in the library?
 LoL cool, what a combination. Did you know the movie Bambi, terrified Stephen King?
 Ronald Mc Donald is creepy, but It never stopped me for going to Mc Donalds.  Did you know there is more libraries than Mc Donalds in the US.
 Great incentive !! and they promise to take it to different libraries of the country.
 Very interesting.  I am all on board with the "library of things" they have in Sacramento where you can rent out things that you need for a short period of timelike sewing machines.
 That will save some space at home and make us avoid buying what we hardly ever need!  did you ever hear about William Gladstone?
 That is so cute. He was an UK prime Minister, but I think is great he did not say well I am too old to accomplish my goal!!!
 Yup, sounds like quite the avid reader.  I find it great that when it comes to reading their are no concrete laws, but that each reader can interpret what they want how they want it.
 Yes it is a complex process in the brain and unique on each of us. It promotes creativity.
 Wow that is almost hard to believe, did you hear about "you laugh, you loose " competitions?
 I would have lost,  but they did it while reading terrible poetry.. that has to be hillarious
 very subjective. Well great chat. Have a good day
 I like to red my son bedtime stories, thats about as far as it goes.
 Oh yeah. Whats it about.
 Cool. I might check it out.
 Is that by stephen king as well.
 I doubt I will end up buying it. I may go see if the library has it.
 I hear starship troopers  is endorsed by muh of the military.
 Have you read it.
 That one is also suggested material by the military.
 Yes for speed reading. 4700 words per minute. Wow.
 I would say they tested her in some way.
 I used to use the library a lot more before the internet came along.  Now I still use to get books. 
 Not really but I do like Stephen King!
 I read some of them when I was younger.  Now I mainly read autobiographies, history, business, investiong, and sports books.  lol  Almost all of his books are connected.
 I just read Killers of the Flower Moon by David Grann, I highly recommend it.
 I'll have to check it out.  I'm not familiar with him.  Stephen King's books have sold more than 350 million copies.  Whoa.  I didn't know he sold that many!
 I didn't know that.  That is crazy then! lol
 I haven't is it better than the show?
 I'll have to put that on my reading list.  I tend to read more during the winter months.  Did you know that Starship Troopers is on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 military branches?
 Yes.  She holds the world record for speed reading with 4,700 words per minute.  I wonder if she was able to comprehend what she was reading.
 I would guess so. lol  It's been fun chatting!  Have a good one!
 I admire him too.  
 Did you know that wasn't even how he jumped when he played basketball?  He was doing a ballet jump! 
 I did not know that.  Thank you for informing me since he is one of my favorite athletes.
 It's fascinating how specialized our footwear is to be tailored to different sports.  Like cleats!  Who would have thought?
 True.  You seem knowledgeable about shoes.
 What else can you tell me about Michael Jordan?
 makes sense. I never realized that there was a walt disney pictures that is a subsidiary of walt disney studio which is owned by the walt disney company. man how do they keep all of that straight
 did you know elsa was supposed to be the villain but "let it go" was so uplifting that they changed the whole movie
 I must have watched gangnam style a million times myself
 Yeah, but I'm sure that's quite substantial considering how big they are. They went down once in 2013 and decrease all web traffic by 40 percent!
 That's awesome and good for him for doing that. We need more people like that in this world.
 My children do not play soccer, but my son wrestles and my daughter has played baseball.  It's a good way to come together with other kids, like the like at the Total Soccer Area in Maryland-they would have loved to meet other kids like that. 
 I am not surprised at that, or at the fact that Walt Disney has 22 oscars.
 Wow that' a lot! Well, it was great talking with you. Take care!
 Yes I enjoy movies trivia, I always watch Disney movies especially cartoons.
 I really like them, even though in the 70's Disney recycled a lot of their animation frames creating identical scenes.
 I know they are so crisp and advanced today. Frozen was the first film to be directed by a woman.
 Its a great song! The Lion King was the first film to be dubbed into Zulu for its African release. I think that's nice.
 I have played Nintendo. I had the original which only displayed in 54 colors!
 Well this has been a lot of fun. Thanks for chatting and learning new and interesting things with me.
 Keep learning new things!
 That is kind of what I meant. Sorry. I didn't word my question well. Haha. But still, that sounds super cool. I might have to check it out. I have been watching "The Umbrella Academy" the last few days. My son and I are about 5 episodes in so far. We LOVE it. I guess Netflix is having to find some alternative superhero shows to cater to the superhero-loving crowd now that Disney is pulling all of their Marvel stuff off Netflix for their own streaming service. 
 Not at all! In fact, the language is a little rougher than I like my kid hearing, but he is 13, and I am sure he hears worse at school. No, it is more of... well... I'd say it has a bit of an x-men vibe to it, but it is quite a bit darker than X-men. But the basic idea is the same - 7 individuals born with extraordinary abilities are taken in by a rich, eccentric man who trains them to fight evil. But if you like sci-fi, you'd probably enjoy it. It has a lot of time travel elements to it, too. VERY interesting show.
 I DID know that. I'm a huge video game nerd, so I love game trivia. Haha. Of all the things that have improved with time, video games are one of the things that amaze me most. We went from Pitfall on the Atari - a little BADLY DRAWN man running constantly to the right with an occasional jump thrown in - to games like Skyrim and World of Warcraft. It amazes me that it started out so humbly. 
 You're right. You're absolutely right. I had forgotten about Pong. haha. Still. The advancements there amaze me! Well, I have to say, I have really enjoyed talking to you today. :-) I'm going to run out and grab some lunch before I have to go tutor some high school kids for after school tutoring. :-) I hope you have an amazing rest of your day and a great week!
 I had a great time talking to you as well. I hope you have a great rest of your day and week as well.
 Thanks! See ya!
 Hmmm....good question.  That's tough.  I would have to say it would be the first album I ever got when I was a kid...simply because it was my first one.  It was a Partridge Family Christmas album.  lol  Do you know what the best selling album of the 21st century is?
 Nice!  I remember when that one came out.  Do you remember the band Reel Big Fish?  They re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their songs to their old record label.
 Do you remember the song Three Strange Days?  It was popular around the mid 90s or so.  That was their biggest hit.
 I was a huge Star Wars fan because the first movie came out when I was 7.  Still have followed it and love it to this day. I had all the toys when I was little.
 I believe it.  They got some good cash out of my family. lol  In 2018 the entire franchise was estimated to be valued at $65 billion dollars!
 Yes. She won an academy award for editing the film!  Guess she was in the right place at the right time and didn't hurt she was married to George. lol
 Interesting!  There must be a lot of Navajo speakers out there to make it worthwhile.
 Not sure.  James Earl Jones recorded Darth Vader's lines for the original movie in only 2.5 hours and was paid $7,500.  Not too bad and I'm sure he made a ton of money after that.
 Me too!  I hear you on that!  lol  Jumping back to the albums....I find it amazing that Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014...more than 40 years after it was first released!
 Yes, I've seen Frozen before. It's so funny because it was called "snow queen" first, but Disney renamed it to "Frozen" because they blamed feminine titles for underperforming box offices.
 Yes, it's also cool because Elsa was supposed to be the main villain in frozen, but they wrote the song "Let It Go" for her, and since the song was so uplifting they decided to change her character instead of the song.
 Yes, it's quite funny, and the co-author Robert Lopez is quite talented as well because he is one of 12 people that have ever won EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, & Tony), so he must be multi-talented.
 Well, I don't know about that. It sounds like good business sense to me, because they basically figure out how to market the main characters of the film before the film actually gets released. It's kind of funny though, because during the 70s disney recycled a lot of their animation frames, resulting in identical scenes in some movies.
 Hello. Not really to be honest.
 I didnt. I know he visited drake university in the middle of the night.
 He seems like a pretty good guy. Did you know he was on the show degrassi
 Yeah. He played a boy who was paraplegic and pursues a music career on the show.
 Yeah they are ok. I guess.
 Cool did you know aerosmith made more from guitar hero than any album.
 Wonder how many albums they sold. Enough to retire I hope.
 It is a good album. Classics for all time.
 I agree. I love Pink Floyd.
 do you know bob marley is still on the charts.
 I did not know that, but I love some Bob Marley. Makes me happy and want to sit on the beach and drink a beer.
 Yeah he had some good ones thats for sure. It always makes me think of that will smith movie
 It was good chatting with you!
 I love star wars. Do you like it?
 I love that movie! Do you have a favorite character?
 The first 8 films were nominated for academy awards and were commercially successful with a combined box office revenue of $8.5B!
 It is the second highest grossing film series of all time!
 Right? She was so instrumental in its development. Did you see what she contributed?
 Wow! I had no idea. It was great chatting with you!
 I think the season starts the day after Halloween 
 Yes. I have used that in the past myself. It works well.
 I know people who start shopping after labor day
 Well I'm going to say goodbye, log into Spotify, and play "All I Want For Christmas".  Have a good day.
 I actually have a pair of Air Jordans from the 90s, I made sure to leave tea bags after I wore them for a while to reduce the smell!
 Oh, I've heard to do that with shoes. I find it amazing the Stephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes for $15 and was not paid to endorse them.
 Yeah there are some good athletes in the world like Steve Smith who leaves his cleats on the bench to remind people of homelessness and people without shoes.
 I have heard about that. I find it interesting that not only were shoes around so long ago, but a pair of shoes 5000 years old performs better than modern day shoes.
 Goes with the saying "don't make them like they used to", thanks for the chat.
 Yes, agreed. Good chatting.
 Yeah, I watched that movie, and I liked it
 nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 You too, thank you!
 Bye
 I was when I was growing up.  He dunked so much in college that they banned the shot for almost a decade.
 I never had any.  Wish I did though.  Speaking of shoes....professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
 I haven't heard that.  What is the news about?
 Oh my gosh.  That's terrible.  I just read that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shows.  I don't see how that's possible.
 Ahh...sweet.  Thanks! LOL  Stephon Marbury (basketball player) promoted a line of shoes that retailed at $15 but he was not paid to endorse them.  Interesting.
 Wow.  How interesting is that?  Never knew that before just now.  I like what NFL wide receiver Steve Smith does.  He leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people without shoes.
 I'm not sure what they do with them.  That would be great if they did that.  There was a player who played in Cleveland that would take out food to the homeless after every home game.  I think he plays for Boston now.  He also does it when his team is on the road.
 That sounds like a great idea. Speaking of which, I have some old shoes I'm going to go donate to the homeless. TTYL
 Nice!  It was fun chatting!  Have a good day!
 Yep, his name is Akihito. He still involves himself in scientific research today. Harrison Schmitt is the only scientist to walk on the moon. Which FYI, along with the sun controls ocean tides. Boom! Science!
 Exactly.  We're just a speck out there.  Unfortunately I'll never see it.  Just great to see all the research continuing.
 I've always thought along those lines too. Guess I'll go out tonight and look up at the stars!!  Great chatting with you and a great subject.
 You too, space really is fascinating. It's the only things every one can see together from across the world!
 Nice concept. Something we all share.
 Exactly. Space and Earth is a gift to us all. Nice talk!
 May the force be with you!!
 I did not know that google owns youtube. you have a lot of knowledge about youtube.
 i watch mostly people cooking and organizing.. it makes time pass
 i agree, i was able to learn alot of things through youtube, its very helpful at times. did you here about the momo challenge? 
 lol thats awesome, im gonna have to check it out. thanks
 yes, she has a huge social media following. She's known for dating r jay and is now the wife of kanye west. 
 now she probably has more money than paris. 
 Yeah that is kind of interesting. They are very important though. For example the World Wide Web was invented by an English scientist.
 Hi, how are you?
 I love them! I studied science at college for 3 years. Then organic chemistry suggested I try another line of study. What do you think abouto scientists?
 I am mad they got rid of pluto though. I had such hopes for that planet.
 Well at least the emperor of japen still publishes today.
 I am not sure. It was nice chatting with you today!
 Hi , do you like to read?
 Hi there I do like to read. What about you? But I guess I only like audiobooks haha don't actually read the physical book
 I love to read.I found interesting that the Bible was considered the non fiction book that had the biggest sales!
 Wow that is so impressive ,I had no idea he was so young , I will not forget that now.  Did you know reading novels was causing a moral panic in the 18th century?
 Haha no, it was actually something they invented for schools. They would put a reading bicycle into elementary schools and apparently the test scores skyrocketed after that
 When there is something fun , it is way easier to learn. Did you hear bout a competition called "you laugh you lose? "
 It was a competition held by Cs lewis and Tolkien It looks like they had to hold their laugh when reading terrible poetry. I could not have done that, I would have lost
 Poor poetry writers!! I did not know George w Bush enjoyed reading so much
 I have not read from him, but it is a very good reference that he was knighted. Did you know that the fda did an act of censorship and burned 6 tons of literature?
 That is pretty cute, I think is interesting  that music , sculpture and painting were olimpyc events!!
 I love rock, but I think that professor would have been burned by the FDA... talking about the olympic events for music, painting etc, this happened from 1912 to 1952.
 Cool!! it was nice talking to you! have a good one
 Yeah, that was early 1900. Nice chatting with you
 Seems like she knows a lot about it. Seems reasonable to adovovate for your book.
 How would you like to wheelbarrow 32,000 books 3/4 of a mile at age 85???
 I hope i have that much strength at age 85, or such devotion to donate them to a library like Gladstone did. 
 I know... MY 40 year old body aches when I get off the couch!
 Nice... Thanks for the chat!
 Good morning! I'm going to the library today. Do you like to go to the library?
 I think that's so cool that you can borrow things other than books! I'm just excited I can borrow DVD's for free!
 At least we have people who donate their own time and resources to help push the idea of reading further!
 The prime minister from england that donated his own collection to peopel who didn't have books warms my bibliophile heart. 
 I do too! You are guaranteed to sell at least a 1000 copies!
 As an author that is a huge milestone. 
 Good morning!  It's cold here and might be the perfect day to curl up in a blanket and read.
 I did and that's one of the reasons I want to read it to be honest! Of course, one day I'd like to beat Anne Jones' record reading speed of 4700 words per minute. Lol Realistically, that'll never happen with me but one can dream! Ha!
 Speaking of humor, I always enjoyed Mark Twain's humor. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn had some funny moments in it!
 Good talking to you!
 Yes, I especially enjoyed Lady Gaga's performance in the movie "A Star is Born", but what I like even more is James Corden and Alicia Keys remake of the lyrics on the song "Shallow" on his comedy show.
 I love Lady Gaga. She seems so nice. Elton John named her his son's godmother.
 When ever Poker Face comes on the radio, my son asks me "How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poker Face! HAHAHA!" Gets me everytime!
 Lol! That's hilarious! I'll have to tell that to my son next time, he's a goofball. He told me when Frozen came out and the songs kept playing over and over again and asked me whether I knew what that song really meant and referred to and I said "No" and he said it's talking about a fart and encouraging people to fart. Oh boys.
 Geez! My son would love that. He loves poop and fart jokes, which he may or may not have gotten from me. I am not a mature man...
 There's only 1 blockbuster left in the us and it's in Alaska. I remember when they tried to respond to the nextflix threat, much too late and failed miserably.
 bankruptcy is just protection against creditors. They can still operate but a lot just close because they are too far behind. There's no coming back. Like that $40 late fee you referenced!
 [Immature giggle] Nice chatting with you!
 I am a fan. It's hard to believe that it was founded back in 1997.
 Yes, even today Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.
 No, I am not sure of how it started. Are you?
 Yes, it might be. Half of peak internet traffic in North America is made up by Netflix and You Tube.
 I'll have look into it! Thanks! Incredible that as of October 2018 they had 147 million worldwide subscribers.
 I would not have known that unless I watched the movie, or had you to explain. Thanks.
 I am a big fan of the Marvel comics! The Avengers is really great.
 Oh awesome! Ha. It was shot with an imax camera, the entire movie! That's just one reason it was spectacular. Imax theater movies are amazing but sometimes make me dizzy.
 Oh wow, that is a funny story. I guess everyone in the world gets late fees, not just me! lol.
 Oh man that is a hard question to answer. I don't think I can choose today. I like the characters that was created for kids with poor hearing though, I like the social aspect of Marvel Worldwide inc.
 Oh cool, okay I really like Batman and Robin too. I never forget about the sidekick. Walt Disney acquired Marvel and he branding has just become a 2 billion dollar venture.
 ya I remember that, it was back in 2009, seems like a while ago but it has definitely paid off!
 I only saw the first one too. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes I think so. I love the movie infinity War. It was the first film ever to be shot entirely with digital IMAX cameras.
 You can really tell. I love the attention ot detail they are putting into these movies. They are really diving into some great comics with all of this. 
 I like Lou Ferrigno. He is totally iconic Hulk. I think they did an awesome job with all the cast really. I'm honestly trying to think of a better actor for Jarvis than Paul Bettany and I can't. 
 That is hilarious. I could totally see that too. There are so many funny memes about how the avengers are sitting in that schwarma restaurant and the workers are going about things like nothing happened. 
 Oh I see that explains it! Yes that was hilarious. I love having The Avengers on Netflix so I can watch at anytime. From 9pm to 12am Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America!
 Yeah definitely is. I used to hate late fees. So glad Reed Hastings found a way around them!
 I'm pretty sure blockbuster would still be around if that had happened. I'm glad that Hastings was smart and dropped the failing sales idea though. It would have been a shame if Netflix had went under because of it. 
 Yes I completely agree with you. And now look at them go. Netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide.
 Yes there are a series of these movies. My favorite is 10 Cloverfield Lane. It has John Goodman and is really good
 It's a cerebral game with fans all over the world. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 thanks you should check out books by judit polgar she's great at chess!
 Will do. Ciao!
 I did, I used to love legos, what about you?
 hmm I didn't know that, I did know it was modified by the Persians, my one friend is persian and he would always say that haha
 Oh I bet they do, he was very Pro-Persian so it wouldn't surprise me, all persians I have met have been very proud of their heritage
 Ya I haven't either, I should go someday and play chess with those people!
 Crazy. Isn't it. Do you think someone will really create a human form robot?
 LOL I wonder if that is how Bruce Lee won the cha-cha championship in 1958?
 I'm sure you make lots of videos of her. The time goes by fast.
 I definitely won't have them in my pond.  LOL
 I've read that...he was also in the Nutcracker.
 I sure do, they are becoming part of our lives
 Hello, do you like the Avengers?
 That's cool. Did you know that Marvel goes by Marvel Cinematic Universe too?
 Yep and the actor who voices jarvis has never seen the movies!
 That's cool and that the original Incredible Hulk actor has been the voice of the Hulk up to this day since the 70's!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Yeah hahaha oh wow, did you know that the Seahorse is the only fish to have  aneck?
 I dont doubt it i dont think they have a heart so...
 The Jellyfish
 Well, i think the best bet for that will be to look at the zebrafish more closely!
 Well they 84 percent of the counterparts for human diseases
 Thats why alot of secrets lie in the genes
 Maybe thats how it got its name haha
 There are so many interesting facts about fish.  I wish I could chat longer.  However, it is getting late.  I would like to say good night and it was truly nice chatting with you.
 I do.  I find that it has a lot of what I need and a lot of variety as well
 I shop at walmart too, but it is always so busy.  The great thing about amazon is it just shows up at my house.  Even on Sundays
 That makes sense.  And of course you can still get things shipped from walmart to your home.
 Yep, I believe they're trying to keep up with Amazon. Well I hope you have a great day. It was nice chatting with you. 
 Hai,Have you purchased on the amazon?
 I have purchased on the amazon. Have you?
 yes,Do you think the service will be useful for you on the website
 yes i like very much,Buying things as it is at home is useful
 mobile phone and LED TV.
 sorry I'm not sure do you can
 okay,What do you think about the robot?
 Of course, I have that sadness but do you think it's possible
 yes definitely,do you like horror film?
 i like so much horror film and very interesting story. 
 Insidious: The Last Key this film is my favorite. 
 okay.
 That's a lot of postage!
 I just recently got Netflix because it was bundled in my with T Mobile account. I watch it periodically.
 I think a fun job would be one of the people that watches Netflix movies and shows and tags them for subjects and indexing. Paid to binge watch!
 Yep I've heard that they do that too. 
 It was great talking to you!
 haha oh wow, well you like the shinning, its good to know that Danny from the movie didn't realize he was making a horror movie at the time, that could have scarred him for life!
 Good day. Do you like netflix?
 Did you know that netflix was founded by reed hastings and marc randolph in 1997?
 Ntflix has over 137 million subscribers worldwide. 58.46 million in the us alone.
 That really is a lot of subscribers. From 9pm to 12 am netflix accounts for 33% of the internet traffic in north america.
 I know that it is all of space and time and all of their contents. So basically everything.
 Yeah I heard that. So do you think that the Universe evolved thropugh natural selection like humans have?
 I think it is. I mean its just a bunch of rocks floating through space. The bigger ones are going to encapsulate the smaller ones over time.
 I heard that Michael jackson had planned to build a 50 ft robot to moonwalk the deserts of las vegas.
 This is kind of scary to me. I guess they can use a rats brain to control a robot. It wont be long until they can do it with humans.
 Spider man is a fictional super-hero created by Stan lee.  He has appeared in comic books.
 He is lived with his uncle. Peter is very innocent boy,  He is character is designed with adolescence and financial problems.
 He appears in American comic books which are published by Marvel Comics. Spider man first appeared in 1960.
 Music also plays an important role in superhero movies.  Graphic designers have an important job too.
 Stan lee did not want people to confuse spider-man with superman. They're different movies. It is very tough for designers to make dresses- it requires a lot of effort.
 Stan lee is excellent writer also, he make the movie interesting. Which is your favourite sports ?
 It is the famous US pastime. In the middle ages, large numbers of people played this game in towns and cities. It was quite popular.
 The league was found in June 6, 1946 as BAA. In the 1949, the league adopted it NBA, after merging with national basketball league.
 Such a shame! But to lighten things up, Tolkien and CS Lewis both held a you laugh, you lose  competition while reading horrible poetry. I think that's hilarious! Ha! I bet they had plenty of laughs too!
 Indeed they were! Speaking of authors and books, do you like libraries? I'm glad to hear there are still more libraries than there are McDonald's here in the US and over half the adult population still has library cards! That gives me a little hope!
 That is a great idea, actually. I wonder if they sell tools at the "library of things"? Speaking of libraries, I think it's nice that if you publish a book in Norway, the government there buys 1000 copies and distributes them to libraries across their country. I wish every government would do that!
 It's a great idea. We mentioned the library of things previously, but I wonder if they also rent out legos?   I love Legos! In fact, the German  Lego factory would give out a 14k gold Lego brick to employees who had worked there for 25 years back in the early 80s. I think that is awesome and it's too bad they still don't do that today!
 True, although Pandora now streams comedy, so that might help!
 Oh yes definitely. Thanks for that interaction we get our ocean tides. I am sure the surfers are grateful as well!
 Yes but I would have a better chance of beating Ginsberg than Jordan!
 Hi! Are you a fan of Jordan Peele? I'm so glad he won an Oscar for Get Out. Thankfully he finished writing it after stopping 20 times!
 Oh I know. He's the best actor. All of his movies are great!!
 That's interesting! I wasn't aware of that! I do know that Jennifer Lee, the writer and co-director, was the first Disney animation feature film female director and also the first female director whose movie made more than 1 billion at the box office. That was awesome and quite an accomplishment!
 yeah! It doesn't make sense. lol Have a good night!! Good chat!
 True. But as long as the Oscars keep awarding and nominating first time directors like Jordan Peele, then they deserve awards too I suppose. Crazy he's only the third first time director to have their directorial debuts appear in all three categories. Well it was great chatting with you as well. Have a great evening!
 Occasionally.  I am not a fan of the political commentary, but I enjoy seeing the actors recognized for fine performances.
 Oh, yeah. Lilly von Shtoop is a fine actress... But I prefer the acting of legendary actor Daniel Day-Lewis, the only actor to win best actor 3 times
 I would never have guessed that one. But I would have guessed that Walt Disney would be recognized, but 22 oscars? Unreal!
 And the Emmy for best Academy Awards show goes to...the Academy Awards. Accepting on behalf of the Academy, James Naismith, the inventor of the game of basketball, who also is the only losing coach in Univ of Kansas history!
 Yeah. Strange world we live in. One where New Zealand nicknames their basketball team, the Tall Blacks!
 Yes, the basketball court where Ruth Bader-Ginsberg dominates at the boards! 
 Yes, I loved the film, Frozen. You?
 Yeah, and the first female to direct a feature film that earned more than $1 billion. Now that is shattering the glass(ice) ceiling!
 Ah, but with such a great song--Let it go--how could she remain a villian?
 And to think, the movie Frozen was originally going to be called "Snow Queen"  but the folks at Disney decided that feminine names are bad...
 THat makes me sad honestly, that we judge based on that.
 And most of it is in my house. I love Netflix and YouTube
 Me too. Chad Hurley, Steve Chen, and Jawed Karim are genuineness 
 I do like the comedy 
 Yes the stand up is funny and has lots of good people
 You are excellent. I will listen to pandora now
 Seeing that she deals with certain issues, she may be a Democrat but not sure. I sure am learning more about history or politics than I ever did in school.
 Yeah I guess Baker was a law student at Howard and Leggett was the dean who pushed him to finish school. Cool story! I don't feel like I don't hear happy political stories often enough haha
 That's crazy! I know not everyone votes, but thats a pretty low number. Did you know officials in ancient Athens were chosen via lottery because they wanted to avoid a potential oligarchy? Apparently they thought thats what voting would lead to
 Yeah that option might have come in handy for the last election! I wonder if they give the same option for smaller/local elections?
 My favorite album was written and released by Pink Floyd in 1973 but still a best seller in 2014
 Speaking of rap, apparently there were two 100 year old twins who released a rap album together in 1992...probably didn't go platinum but kind of a funny fact!
 Have a great afternoon
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Thank God we're talking about music finally ;) Well I'm not surprised it's a great album and after all those years I still can't get enough of it - I just bought a vinyl like 2 weeks ago... do You like Pink Floyd ?
 I love Joe Bonamassa, Nirvana, Dire Straits, Metallica, -recently I've discovered Black Country Communion and Kingdom Come ;) and if You like something really peaceful I recommend Loreena McKennit ;)
 I think it is interesting how people can vary so much. Even with my kids. My oldest likes rap and pop, my youngest likes pop and my 4 year old likes rock and classic rock. 
 oh good for them :) my daughter when she was like 1, she was always falling asleep to Metallica ;) it was her lullaby :)
 that's ok, what's most important is that they like music - taste will probably change once or twice in their lives ;)
 Hey it was great chatting with You today, thank You ;)
 You too!
 Do you know anything about 
 Sorry, Beto O'Rourke.    I've been reading about him.
 No, I believe he was running as a Democrat.
 I read an article about why he supports National Football League players.
 I would guess that he appreciates anyone expressing political opinions.
 I believe so, but the specifics do not matter so much.     Beto O'Rourke appeals to young people.
 Well, younger people tend to vote away from what they perceive as the "get off my lawn" candidate.
 Perhaps the country could elect someone from a third party, breaking the nearly 170-year string.
 I wonder if Roosevelt could have gotten into the celebrity room at Pixar, had the studio existed.
 Now that is hard to believe! If you're looking for a non-censored album at Walmart you won't find it. They only sell clean versions of albums and if an artist refuses to make a clean version they will not sell it.
 I know some. I know the Governor of Oklahoma has an Oklahoma shaped pool. Having spent a lot of time in OK I love that!
 That's pretty awesome he had a pool in the shape of the state! Well, it was great chatting with you today!
 Haha yep or maybe it's just an empty room lol, have you ever seen the show Sesame Street, I guess the first celebrity ever appear on there was Carol Burnett
 It's called O Brother Where Art Though. It's a pretty good movie with George Clooney.
 It was great talking to you!
 That would be a horror movie indeed, it would ruin the childhood of many kids lol,its a good thing Marvel wasnt sold to him.
 Seems like a logical thing to do. Like naming each track on batman begins as a genus of a bat.
 HA! Now we have an unlimited library on our spotify or pandora account. I remember doing some serious work on my CDs to make sure I had the right mix.
 I was an early fan of Dave Matthews so I wore out Under the table and dreaming.
 Nice! I love Floyd. I went on a binge yesterday and listened to division bell for about 4 hours.
 I love it! Nice chatting with you!
 I did like it, I thought it had a nice rhythm to it, I also liked the soundtrack of the movie Batman Begins,
 I thought it was a great movie as well and thats what I like about Marvel they mix comedy with action and great heroes.
 Same here
 Hello!
 I am great! Thanks :) So do you like reading and going to the library? Half of Americans have library cards. I still go sometimes.
 I agree! I don't mind my tax dollars going towards helping people. I would like to write and publish a book, in Norway the government will buy 100 copies and send them to libraries throughout the country.
 Very true, it's a great idea and very valued there I am sure. 
 I read about that, he was very smart to do what he did...self taught, wow and in law that must have been tough. But yes libraries are amazing, the books in print in your hand has great meaning for me, I like to collect books. You are illiterate?
 I learne 
 Sorry that last text sent on accident lol...I learned to read in school. But did go the library a lot too. I am sure a lot of people teach themselves a lot through books on their own. Run for Congress? No way lol, I wouldn't do well in Congress and politics.
 Well, the Ramones played 2,263 concerts over a 20 year span, non stop. I think they just make it their life. It has been great chatting! Have a great evening!!
 You have a point there, I know I couldn't do it! 
 I would say a bit later, but they do call it the golden age for a reason. 
 HA! So I am guessing yes... Are you there just for this?
 HA! THere's also a library that loans out tools. Thats neat too.
 Good, I really want them to keep a copy of this chat. I feel like great things are ahead!
 We should publish this as a book and get some money from Norway. See the chat is getting monetary now!
 Because Big Bird couldn't get throught the metal detector. She had bird flu.
 I have not but I think that would be a good way to introduce civics in HS. everyone knows fantasy now-a-days.
 If it was post-nixon, you mean gavelS....
 That's a lot of shows! Nice chatting with you!
 Sure. I have been to just a few, namely Foo Fighters, Snow Patrol, and Mumford and Sons. You?
 Hello - how are you? I do have Netflix, what about you?
 I love Netflix too
 lol that's hilarious. I only do fantasy football. What about you?
 It was good talking to you!
 Hello,  do u watch Netflix?
 Nice. How I met your mother was underrated. I really like westworld but I can get confused watching it. I watch a lot of live sports too.
 Yeah... Nice chatting with you!
 I did not. I found the article on Paul Rand humourous!
 "On Saturday, Ryan tweeted and then deleted this: "A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, PA, said she was pleasantly surprised her pay went up $1.50 a week ... she said [that] will more than cover her Costco membership for the year." The responses were not kind... Twitter is the best and worst!
 I know. Here's a response: If she's 30 and saved that 1.50 until she's 65, thats $2,750. Totally makes up for losing Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, which is how they are planning to repay the 1.5 Trillion they added to the deficit
 Really!? I love that album. Like the one with Jay Z too.
 oh really, ya I just don't like lincoln park, thats just me though I'm more into classic rock and 80's music
 What is your band? I listen to classic rock a lot at the gym.
 ah I mean I like metallica and guns and roses a lot, but ive heard them so many times I've been diving into lesser known 80s bands recently
 I do, you could say metallica is more metal but they got to be more rock-like in the 90's, I like thompson twins hold me now, I've been listening to that a lot recently
 ah it might be haha, or maybe i'm just wrong, I do love led zepplin though, pink floyd is also amazing
 Pink floyd is my favorite band, or should I say the one I consistently listen to and do not get bored with. I can listen to them all the time whereas other bands I turn off after a while...
 oh wow interesting, ya I got into them and I think their animals album is super underrated, like you don't heard songs from that album on the radio at all
 No, that's one of their sneaky albums. Dark side of the moon is the commercial hit but the others are just as good.
 yup dark side and the wall are the ones that everyone knows, but they're so overplayed that I got into their other stuff which you're right is just as good if not better
 nope people don't like that kind of music unfortunately these days
 Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah same here, I think it is all pretty amazing.  
 I was as well, it did not impress me at all. Black Panther did very well at the box office, over a billion at least
 Wow! I may have to mention it to my spouse and see if he wants to watch it. He will be impressed since I am always wanting to watch "girlie" movies according to him. 
 Hilarious. Well apparently when the earth was formed a day was only 5.5 hours long. 
 Yes, you too!
 Oh yeah. He also wrote songs for King Kong the musical! Can you imagine how weird that show must have been ha ha?
 Yeah, she's awesome! I wonder if she ever went to see Beetlejuice. Apparently Eddie Perfect's music was a "perfect" fit for it. Excuse the bad pun ha ha.
 You too brother. Keep on rocking in the free world. Peace!
 ya but does Kansas City have a jazz orchestra at the top of the charts? Because Pakistan apparently does haha
 I did. I loved that show. Hated French Stewart though...
 Yes me too.I just love laughing and comedy induces that.
 Yes I love that series. Heisenberg was the man. Almost as cool as Eddie Van Halen when he set a studio speaker on fire. It was really fun talking with you this afternoon.
 YouTube is an American video sharing website created the service in February 2005.
 YouTube is the second largest search engine used by many people. YouTube now operates as one of Google subsidiaries.
 The Republican Party also referred as the GOP is one of the major political parties in United States, The party works on the ideology of anti-slavery activists and Economic reforming activities.
 YouTube allows the user to upload, view and comments about the video. It is a platform to show our talent. Police actually have their own youtube called blutube, Where they can share about law enforcement videos.
 Oh ! It is very interesting. YouTube and Netflix together create lot of internet traffics in the peak hours of North America. Many people are using it.
 Yeah. Mostly teenager using the watching videos, songs in YouTube it make more internet traffic. Gangnam style got many views on the YouTube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits. They are upgrading their technology for viewers.
 So many fans for YouTube so only google take this decision.
 It is very interesting.
 I wish to watch comedy scenes and cartoon videos also. It make me feel better.
 Tom and Jerry is all time favourite for me. It make out from my stress and feel better and happier. You have any favourite cartoon videos ?
 Today I surely watch this video thank you.
 They wont be able to get past the senate
 haha that video was such a hit when it came out! I was shocked it blew up so quickly. The song is kinda catchy though you have to admit.
 But I bet he would be very nice about it!
 that does sound fun! I think I'm going to go try that class out now. Thanks for chatting!
 How are you today? I've really felt like the U.S. hasn't done enough to start reworking gun policy. 
 I'm not sure but I love how there are 70 full videos of Bob Ross. I love watching him paint its so relaxing!
 Have a great day! 
 I wonder if that is going to go over really well or not.
 Yeah, probably for the best, they likely would have ruined it. LOL
 I started losing my hair about ten years ago... LOL.  Speaking of evolution, did you know we (humans) adapted for persistence hunting? 
 Hello. How are you today.
 Im doing good. Do you have any pets.
 Nope. not at the moment. Did you know that they cloned a cat.
 Im not sure. I know I am a twin which isnt really the same, but we have totally different personalities.
 There are more tigers living in as pets in the US than there are living in the wild in asia crazy huh.
 Im just surprised that there are that many kept as pets.
 I dont think I would trust them enough to keep one as a pet. I have kids though. 
 oh well...then you are probably used to wild beasts ;)  Did you know Theodore Roosevelt had over 20 pets?  Including a bear and a heyena.
 Yeah what could you do with a hyena. Lol. What a weird pet to have.
 good for a laugh, I'd say!
 Did you know that its not legal in boulder CO to own pets.
 Yeah I was thinking the same thing. I wonder if you get arrested if you say thats my dog. Lol.
 Same here I always had dogs growing up, but I live in a trailer so dont have much room either.
 I like the big breeds - the closer they are to wolves, the better.  
 Yeah i like them to. Well you have a good evening. 
 Oh nice yeah I like basketball too. LeBron James is definitely the king. I can't wait to see him in the upcoming space jam movie.
 Yeah he raise that money by televising his decision on where he was going to play next. Pretty sure he did that.
 Yeah I think you are right. It was good he waited since he got way more from nike.
 Channing Tatum was in Smallfoot.
 No, James Corden is also in it.
 Yes, it's about a himalayan yeti named Migo.
 Interesting, they also have erect posture and bipedal locomotion.
 Also, open ended and complex use of language compared to other animals.
 Fun! Did you know Lebron James raised 6 million dollars for charity.
 What a long time ago. Humans also use tools better than any other animal.
 The russians made a computer that ran on water. They must have big brains also.
 Wow, I wish I were her. She has a great show and is very rich.
 Hi, do you like baseball?
 Hi! I love baseball as well as kickball aka soccer-ball as they call it in Canada. Ha! What about you?
 I like baseball and all sports in general. And you know what, I used to play kickball as a kid!!
 That is a suprised cycle! Did you know why baseball managers dress in uniforms during a game?
 Yes, LOL, and I don't remember that happening! did you know what a very lucky man found in his grandfather's attic?
 You never know what you ca find!! Nice hidden inheritance from grandpa!!
 Oh, so sad, and how famous  is his poetry today! did you know poetry is so old, It can be found in Pyramide texts dating back to the 25th century BCE?
 That is amazing! I wasn't aware of that! I also think those poems are amazing that when read normally are depressing, but backwards are inspiring and motivational!
 Wow I have to try that! And also reading the javanese alphabet which forms a poem too!
 Yes it is! Talking about arts, do you like ballet?
 I love ballet too! and i was surprised of how many pairs of shoes they use!! they should probably get 5000 year old shoes, because they work better than modern shoes!
 hahaha that is right . Have you heard of what NFL player Steve Smith does after every game?
 Yeah, I think it's a great thing he does leaving his cleats on the field to help raise awareness of the homeless who have no shoes. That is very kind of him!
 It is! well I think it has been a nice chat! I did learn some cool stuff
 I did enjoy the chat, Yo do the same!!
 Hello! Are you into baseball?
 Sure! Gotta love a game where you get to use a bat!  Have you ever played?
 Yup. and 2430 is a lot of games for one married couple to schedule every year!
 Fashion trends come and go, but that is ridiculous! Were they endorsed by Stephon Marbury? He promoted those 15-dollar shoes which he was not paid to endorse, so, why not 9th-century high heals too?
 I use Velcro, and fasten it the same way each time!  So, why is it that professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of ballet shoes every week, but you never see big endorsement deal for ballet. shoes?
 I would let her break in my shoes, as long as she brings tea... You know, 5000 year old shoes designed perform better than modern shoes? They don't make them like they used to!
 Poet warriors?  The pen is mightier than the sword, but a good poem will put all your opponents to sleep! There is a poem that, when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring? How bad must a poem be to be improved by reading it backwards?
 Now the best poets are rap artists. You know, almost all of the Hobbit characters were taken from an old Icelandic poem?  Dvergatal. Say that ten times quickly!
 No. But did you know that if the Javanese alphabet is recited in order, it forms a poem?
 Hello! I think there should be some restrictions but not low carb if it's a good carb, Gluten free is good though I think.
 I think kids tend to take diets to the extreme sometimes. Not good because they need balance since they are growing. 
 Yes, I believe we should focus on feeding them healthy whole grains, fruits and vegatables and that way they will grow to choose better choices
 Yes. good carbs fuel the brain and give you energy which kids need a lot of. They need a vast variety of these vitamins and minerals.
 Exactly, and with all the celebrity influence it's vital they learn from parents what a healthy way of life and eating is not just about your size and shape.
 I agree.  speaking of celebrities..Robin Williams in Aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films
 That's very interesting! Did you know Miley Cyrus' real name is Destiny Hope? I like that better.
 yes that is actually really pretty.  She also has a nickname of "smiley""
 Yes! That's why she goes by Miley lol very cute. Her Godmother is Dolly Parton too that's awesome.
 Wow, that family is talented for sure! Her Dad Billy Ray has been very famous as well but I haven't heard about him in awhile.
 yeah they starred in the Disney Channel show Hannah Montana
 I know and it seems so many of today's talent has come from being in t.v shows. and many from the Disney channel.
 Was she? I didn't know that. It's crazy that her hit Wrecking Ball was co written by 5 different people. She has had many hits.
 Right? It's funny how things work out. Just like Eminem originally was going to be a comic book artist....I am sure he's happy now that he followed his  alternate dream
 That would be cool to watch. So many different styles these days! It has been great chatting with you! 
 yes you too
 Have a happy New Year!
 you too
 Thanks!
 Oh yes that is a cool fact. I like Middle Earth but I like our earth even more. I think it's so cool that the gravitational interaction between the earth and moon cause the tides.
 I love getting my packages on sunday, lol. I wish I was the first customer, so I could have a building named after me.
 Yes that would be so cool. And it only cost a customer $27.95.
 Hello
 Yeah, I heard something like that. It's crazy that the government could own that much of the land. Reminded me of when wikileaks published the government plan to ruin wikileaks.
 No I did not, but I did remember that "We are the Champions" was rated as the catchiest pop song of all time by scientists.
 He does have an extensive amount of awards including four NBA MVPs, three NBA FInals MVPS and two Olympic gold medals.
 Cool. I look forward to seeing it. Lebron doesn't only make money for himself, he raises millions for charity.
 He never was the actual leader... This is how he snitched he pointed out the old man as the true leader. Chapo wouldn't have tarnished his legacy if he would have just chose to remain quiet and loyal to end and not snitch. This is what makes pablo escobar a much bigger figure since he was never actually caught he only turned himself in to his own prison he built. They had to kill pablo to catch him.
 If you have time watch the documentary on chapo's life on netflix you'll understand alot more. And watch the newest season of narcos they show that chapo was from the younger generation he started out working under the old mustaches
 It would make so much sense they are just taking in all that casino money lol
 It would, the government should donate more money to important causes then, just like the Norwegian government the donated $1 billion to save the rainforests
 We definitely need something like that especially since our current idiot president doesnt even believe that climate change is real
 They can plan as much as they want lol wikileaks will never go down there are already back ups of the site in different countries in case something happens it will go right back up from a server in some remote island lol
 Hi! Don't youjust love the government? LOL
 Whatever could you mean? Don't you just love their decisions, like choosing to own 86% of Nevada? How could yo question their common sense?
 All good reasons to devote our national resources!  Perhapws your opinion of givernment officials is somewhat jaded by the imposters out there, selling the Eiffel Tower and such... But not all government is inept...yet....
 Right?!  What kind of a box do you think they will need to carry home that purchase?  We, I for one am encouraged by the actions of some governments, like the Norwegian gov, who donated $1 billion to save the rain forests!  I think they plan to put it in millions of small Ziplac freezer bags where it can stay frssh onger!
 Greedy, oil-crazed governments...no wonder WikiLeaks is paranoid!  They have published the government's plans to destroy WikiLeaks. I am comforted by that. Not that we know it is a governmental priority, we know it will never happen!
 Don't be fearful little one!  LeBron James is here to protect us...right after he finished up promoting Space Jam!  
 People will pay money watch Lebron clean his nostrils.  Some of his High School games were sold out 1750 capacity evens running at $100-150 per seat.  Yes, there is an audience for him...
 At least on occasion money finds it's way to the needy. LeBron televised his "decision" and gave the $6 million raised to charity.
 Nice. Maybe he uses some of that $90 milion he got from Nike to do some good in the world?
 It is. And then, before too long, the appear before Judge Judy, the second hiohest paid celebrity, behind LeBron, and get to tell their sad stories to the world.  
 No if I see you first!  I am going to watch old videos of Ricky Gervais as a pop singer... Now that's entertainment!
 I'll leave you with this: Scientists have voted that "We are the Champions" is the most catchiest pop song of all time. Nerds would know!
 I hope that helps somehow because it is heading for a great destruction at this rate
 I am enjoying my location on planet earth. You?
 As far as astronomical bodies is concerned, it is a good one. Not like the ones that are too small to allow their own gravity to round them out!
 Don't you get embarrassed when someone talks about Uranus? I do. Some consider planets as divine emissaries of the deities. Pretty cool.
 The planet Venus doesn't tilt. What's up with that?  I say, come on Venus, live a little!
 Yeah, but even Jupiter has a moon on the side--a big one named Ganymede--and she is not even a planet!
 Of course, some planets you do not want to cross paths with.  Like that one that rains shards of glass down at about 4500 mph in 2000 degree heat!  Now that is jealous fury!
 Well, insecurity can cause a lot of personality complications. Some celestial bodies are not even recognized as planets, and that can leave a chip on one's shoulder...
 True, but self-image is important to self esteem. Think of poor Pluto. Once considered a plant, and now completely disrespected. I think it is becuase of his/her status as a trans-neptunian object. Am I wrong?
 Maybe if Pluto bands together with former planets like Ceres, Pallas, Vesta and Juno, then they can find power in numbers? If they play it right, they could band together with the Kuiper belt and not even be considerd a minority anymore!
 Much care must be taken, lest a heavenly battle ensue.  And in such a war, planetary mass can make all the difference.
 I genuflect before thee.
 Have a great day. Yes, two dogs. What about you?
 I have 4 dogs, but I live in the country, so they have lots of land to run and play.
 Its very interesting. The dog population is estimated around 900 million and keep increasingly around the world. They are help to human in many ways.
 The Domestic dog are mostly carnivore, some of them are omnivore. They are used for hunting and rearing cattle.
 Yeah, I would agree about the omnivore part, my lab will eat almost anything.  Shoes, newspapers, etc.  I think she could probably even eat a can if I gave her one!
 As a matter of fact, I play the guitar.
 Guitar is a type of chordophone, which is made up of wood string are made up nylon.
 How interesting.  Well it's been nice chatting with you.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 That is definitely more than humans! They can also perform many roles for humans such as hunting, herding, protection, but I mainly have dogs for cuddling.
 I read it and I think it means they don't have a position on the subject. Like, they started by professing their love for dogs over cats but then said people should be mindful when choosing to bring dogs to work. So no rules about cats... :)
 I'd rather smash office printers and things that frustrate me by malfunctioning. If I were a touring musician, I'd be more like...Brian May. I'd use coins as guitar pics, have amazing hair, and just be chill lol
 Oh yeah, that was a bit annoying. Do you play any instruments? I would love to learn how to play the guitar or piano, probably the guitar because it's portable and I can show off my skills
 That's a broadcast I would listen to. As the Talking Heads once said, "When I have nothing to say, my lips are sealed. Say something once, why say it again?"
 That's a great quote! I think broadcasting music is better than 'gap fillers' like some news stations do with nonsense news.
 They had weak computers at the time, but google has a good sense of humor about the moon, in the early versions of Google Moon,  pictures of cheese were used when you zoomed at the maximum. 
 true. nice chat
 LOL I wore one when I graduated college. It wasn't a dunce cap, either! LOL
 Haha, I will have to google.  Nice talking to you.  Have a good one.
 :)
 I love the fact that g-mail used to be a free email server on Garfield's website
 Absolutely. I love the fact that the first google computer at Stanford had enclosures made of Legos!
 So much cool stuff. It was nice chatting with you.
 I bet that doubles down to fertilize the grass too lol
 Hello!  I love baseball!
 Interesting.  A man once found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic.  Talk about hitting a gold mine!
 He probably sold them.  How could someone pass up getting that much money?  Up until 2005 a married couple scheduled all 2430 MLB games played each year for 24 years.  That's a long haul.
 If they did it for 24 years, I'm guessing they made enough to make it worthwhile.  Although I knew someone who was a big baseball fan and they took a part time job working at a concessions stand at the Cleveland Indians stadium just so they could be around the vibe of the ball park.
 Yes. I've been a fan my whole life and played as long as could up through college.  Do you know why baseball managers wear uniforms?
 Yes.  That would be interesting to see wouldn't it? 
 lol  Do you watch Fox news by any chance?
 I know Richard Nixon played a role in creating Fox news.  I didn't even know it existed back then.
 I'm not sure.  The gaming website IGN is owned by News Corp., who also owns Fox news.  I've never used that site for games.
 One more quick question.  Do you know what the most popular hat was in the old west?
 Yes I remember that coming up! I seriously considered unfriending people but there isn't a Burger King close by me.
 Thats too bad I unfriended some and ate my free whoppers, easier meal ive ever gotten, Facebook has such an impact, even on other countires
 I have not made it there yet but I have been exploring it. I recently booked a trip to Paris, Amsterdam, and London.
 I have begun to really make it a priority. There are so many places I want to visit.
 He still does very well, he is the current French Open champion, he hardly ever loses when he plays on clay courts.
 He has always relied on his mobility as a player, he's not such a great player of the ball like Federer, but he will keep chasing it.
 My son loves his game console, an Xbox.  They are so much better then the old Nintendo's.
 It probably doesn't really matter how many colors you have, I was happy with Pong at the time and that had just 2.
 Yeah and it was one heck of a run!  Nice talking to you as well, have a good day. 
 Hi, how are you?
 Very well, thanks. Did you know The Nintendo entertainment system could display only 54 colors.
 really! Nice...Bill nye "the science guy" got his break in entertainment by winning a steve martin lookalike contest.
 The arrow through the head gave it away... Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis by famous player rene "the crocodile" lacoste and only later adopted by polo players
 I did not know that. Im going to have to look into that. They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 us open
 I would need a nap! Us open quarterfinalist gael monfils beat the "roger federer of paddle tennis" after learning how to play just days earlier
 Us open quarterfinalist gael monfils beat the "roger federer of paddle tennis" after learning how to play just days earlier
 That's a lot. Only 20 more than me...
 Nice chatting with you.
 Yes, most other games the coach is not dressed to play.  There seems to be something universal about hitting a ball with a bat.
 Comedy movies?  I like that very much.  Though the term bromantic is not one I would use.  Harold and Kumar is a weedy film. Ha.
 I liked that film, so funny! and do you know the comedian Ryan Stiles?
 early silent films are nice in a way.  So simple so funny.  humor does not have to be words.
 Hello, are you a music fan? I am. I adore Linkin Park, and attended one of the 2001 concerts.
 I've never been to Croatia. However I've been to Pompeii. Unfortunately, not the day Pink Floyd recorded there.
 That would be pretty hilarious. Stick them all in New Jersey where Gotham City is supposedly located in the fictional universe and it could make for some hilarious jokes. 
 There could be a whole thing of office themed comics. It would be fun if they broke the fourth wall like they do in the show the office. That could lead to some really funny situations. 
 I really liked those movies even though I am not the biggest Batman fan.
 I guess its an acquired taste. I dont know, but adam west sure enjoyed his time as batman. He actually has a bat symbol on one of his molars.
 Batman was created by bob kane and bill finger all the way back in 1939.That is pretty amazing that it is still popular today.
 I think once you come up with a great story it will last a long time. Look at how many classic stories are still being remade into movies today.
 I havent saw that one. I saw batman in the original lego movie. Is it good though?
 It was very funny and it had a lot of nods to all the weird villains they made throughout the comics history such as Condiment King and Calendar Man.
 Ill have to check that out with my son. He will love that. I always thought gotham was supposed to represent New York. I guess it is supposed to be in New Jersey I guess.
 I guess batman and the joker never mention each others names in face to face confrontations. I didnt catch that whenI have watch batman.
 The Riddler would be a good role for him, I know Mark Hammill is very popular with the fans as the animated Joker.
 I agree! It was nice talking with you, have a great day!
 hello.
 I havent really been to very many. The couple I have been to were cool though.
 Thats a lot for one year. the ramones toured non stop for 20 years.
 They did 2263 shows in all.
 Thats sounds like it would be neat to check out.
 Thats nuts. I was never a creed fan though. It would have to be pretty bad to be sued over though.
 I heard that. There was no audience at that concert either.
 thats cool. On another note. Did you know that tom hanks is the highest box office grosser 
 That is sure a lot of moo la.
 That wasnt as big of a flop as treasure planet though.
 Iknow right. Well you have a good one.
 I bet Stan Lee would try to grab "Excelsior!"
 Well, it's been fun chatting.
 Have a good day!
 Did Stan Lee die?  He wrote 15 DC comics.
 That's surprising to me, given how interesting his backstory is. My favorite batman though is the TV show with Adam West.
 He didn't need anymore jobs although in recent hears he has gotten a few gigs playing himself. Did you know he has the batman logo on one of his molars? That's dedication.
 For sure. It's strange once you notice. Have a good day, Bye!
 It lasted longer than I thought though! I remember playing this game in the 90s. It was a track race and you had to stomp on this pad super fast in order to win. Awesome.
 I bet that one is worth a lot. Batman was created by bob kane and bill finge in 1939. Amazing it is still popular today.
 I love the villains in batman. Especially the joker. 
 Well when you get defeated by slipping on your own ketchup, I dont think your gonna be remembered very well. Lol.
 I have seen batman throw some people from places it didnt look like they would live. Im just saying I dont know how in stone that rule is. Lol.
 I watch a cartoon of batman with my son a few days age. Where he goes back to ancient china. They refer to each other by name in that one.
 I would say most collectors dont want just anybody touching their comics. Lol.
 Dc comics stands for Detectice Comics which is redundant. Its Detetictive comcs comics
 Hey there! Yeah its a new Bat signal that works during the daylight hours!
 That would be so cool to live in Gotham city!
 That's only because the police are not as brave as batman.
 Yep, along with all of the other comic heroes
 It would have to be the Joker!
 Well, if you l  the villains then they are your super hero,
 Exactly! Its  so who is the hero and who is the Villain? Just like the new batman vs Robin
 I haven't seen it either, i am sure it will be ok.
 I prefer Marvel because Stan Lee was a master!
 Oh that would be so cool to see them. I lived in Sasebo Japan for 3 years!
 That's cool! I worked there when i was in the Navy my ship was stationed there
 Well, maybe when you get there you can go to a comic con those are so cool
 Hi! I do actually! I even loved the steam pianos that once existed and were audible for miles. How about you?
 I agree and suppose he did! On a related note, I think it's also fascinating both Haydn and Mozart owned a piano made from the exact same tree. Would I love to get my hands on either of those pianos!
 Ha! No kidding! Since we're on the subject of music, do you like concerts as well? Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs back in 2010 and to me, that was very kind of them!
 yeah it is 'excelsior'. nice chat
 Yeah. Batman is awesome.
 It sure is. I know I liked batman, and both my sons like him. He is pretty popular.
 It's interesting that he doesn't have any superpowers.
 I know thats the best part. Anybody who wanted to could become batman. Just got to have the will power and drive to go through with it.
 Yeah he was defeated by slipping on his own ketchup.
 I didn't noticed that at all. Did you know gotham is supposed to be in NJ.
 Me either. Do you know who adam west is.
 He used to play batman back in the 60s I think.
 That is true. 
 I always thought they were enemies. Catwoman is not a good guy. Lol.
 I didnt catch that version of batman. I know there are a lot of different variations out there.
 I love music! In fact one of my favorite instruments is the piano.
 Yes! Linkin Park was one of my favorite rock bands when I was younger. I loved their collaborative album with Jay Z.
 If you think that's amazing wait until you hear this..the Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts touring non stop for over 20 years.
 As did I, here is one last tidbit of information for you. In 1972, Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the Ancient Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience!
 That's Floyd for ya! Thanks again.
 That's amazing! It's also cool that Pluto also has sand dunes that are windswept. Who knew?
 Wow. I would like to see a picture of the heart shaped basin on Pluto. I will look that up online later.
 Pluto's dunes rise up to 100 feet high as high as Death Valley National Park
 Oh, interesting!! I get so excited when they go up. I think its for supplies again! Usually I can run out the door and see it. lol Haven't heard anyone talking yet to find out the details .
 Enjoy your evening and the launch!! 
 I like Fall out boy, do you?
 I am also American and google is used for everything , even has a google translate so I can understand other languages.
 I really wonder how they managed to do that. sounds tiring. nice chatting with you
 Yeah that was pretty good too!
 have a good one!
 You watch the super bowl this year? I love the commercials!
 I actually don't remember seeing that one. Budweiser had a one minute commercial about the companies recent disaster relief efforts. Smart move for them.
 Interesting. They have a lot of influence around the world. I am very grateful to Larry Page and Sergey Brin for founding the company back in '98.
 Me too. Seems like a good company. You ever listen to Linkin Park?
 Together with You Tube, they take up nearly half of the internet traffic each day
 You watch the Emmys at all? Game of Thrones cleans up. Such a good show.
 I'm doing great. How about you? I do like albums a lot. How about you, do you like albums?
 I was wondering that as well. On a lighter note, two identical twins in Japan recorded a rap album at 100 years old. That has to be something to hear. 
 that is wild, did you see the two japanese twins that made a rap album, I bet if they did a concert it would also be to an empty stadium haha
 I always enjoy reading about people's idea of a dream day. Sometimes it gives me ideas of things to do.
 Yeah, most of it didn't sound fun to me but the menu ideas sounded amazing.
 Probably just check out all the standard touristy stuff LOL. I'd like to see the Library of Congress, but I'd wind up living on the streets there just to have continuing access to it. What did you do?
 Yeah, I'm not sure what she was talking about because I never tried Starbucks tea. Sounded like ordering two drinks and mixing them together. Also the seafood sounded amazing -- especially the calamari. 
 Not really -- I like some of the usual children's fantasy lit that's popular among adult stoners like Lewis Carroll and Kenneth Graham LOL, but mostly sci-fi. How about you?
 Yeah, that's not a "novel" -- it's a whole series!
 same to you
 Ah. Do you ever watch the concerts on youtube if they are posted there?
 Probably. Netflix and youtube make up over half of the internet traffic in North America
 Actually, it has been topped by youtube rewind 2018. That video has at least 15 million dislikes!
 Yes, thank you for your time, it was awesome chatting with you!
 You too!
 Take it easy!
 That would be really cool if he read it himself and found out that way!  Brianna Hildebrand is in Deadpool 2. She's a good actress.
 I think I'll make it a goal to do more reading! ttyl!
 Definitely. I didn't realize that in a 2004 comic book series Deadpool described himself as "Ryan Reynolds crossed with a shar-pei"! I can see why Ryan Reynolds thought he was destined for the role of Deadpool on the big screen!
 I agree. It's hard to believe that in the 18th century there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of reading novels! I should probably go catch up on my reading now! 
 good to know. It is impressive to know that the first modern comic book was released in the US in 1933. They have been for decades.
 Tolkein was an English Professor, I think. The English have more colorful words to describe things than Americans.
 Yes, you are right. Reading an American murder mystery is never as interesting as a British one. I do like Nevada Barr, though. She is an American Park Ranger and writes some very interesting mysteries.
 I am!  I love reading!  
 I actually like to read a lot of biographies so it changes from book to book. lol   President Andrew Johnson never attended school in his life and his wife helped him to learn math and how to read.
 I like to read non-fiction and fiction. My favorite genre at the moment is Historical Fiction.
 Nice!  I guess I do like those. I like historical fiction Westerns.  An elementary school replaced desks with reading bicycles and test scores skyrocketed.  That's what I need here at my house!
 lol true!  Louis Braille, the inventor of the braille system, perfected it when he was just 15.  That's incredible!
 LOL nice!  Silent reading is a recent phenomenon.  Only the most skilled readers of the middle ages could read silently.  Interesting.
 That's where you don't speak while you read.  lol
 That kind of would have been funny to see. lol  In the 1950's a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character.  What a sad sign of the times from back then.
 Yes.  The world's longest piece of fiction is a 4 million word Super Smash Brothers brawl fan fiction!  
 I couldn't that's for sure.  The term robotics was accidentally coined by science fiction author Isaac Asimov in 1941!
 I know I haven't read them.  A drabble is a work of fiction that is exactly 100 words long!  That's neat!  I've had fun chatting with you.
 It was fun chatting with you as well!
 Yes, I read about that jellyfish also in my reading, where a skunk emits bad odor or a possum plays dead when under stress or danger in a situation, those jellyfish can revert to smaller, underdeveloped child like states to avoid danger and then grow again in an infinite cycle. Interesting.
 Yes, I wonder if those zebrafish used in medical research? I also read the surface of the moon is more known about than the deeps of the sea, who knows what other amazing creatures are down there.
 Yes, I'm assuming he made more a $1 after the trade was completed (and was a value at the price). But as I said being a pseudo St. Louis Blues fan they've never won a Stanley Cup so good for that guy.
 I agree, I thought in the US lacrosse was more a rich family/Ivy League elite sport. Canada always struck me more middle/working class so it was surprising to me lacrosse was a national sport.
 Change the channel, that we agree on regarding lacrosse!
 haha that is true! such a boring thing to watch! give me hockey or football instead
 Perhaps that was part of the count then. Also, three quarters of Golden Knights fans are locals.
 Haha, that is funny. Lacrosse is also a national sport in Canada.
 I can see that, even with short shifts they come off gassed.
 I can see it, since its hard to keep ice in warmer climates
 That must be it.
 Haha yep things change. Good talking to you today. Take care.
 except it takes those same fuels to make renew able fuel sorces like solar panels. sucks
 blue shirts and khaki pants, i wonder if they were all properly pressed before hand
 I could have bought him.  Not sure what I'd do with  hockey player around the house, maybe laundry.  
 I wonder if you can feel the temperature of the ice through the temporary court?  It's time we came up with a new sport, ice basketball, the same basketball just on ice.  Then they would not have to keep switching the court from one to the other.
 Awesome me too. I love that they were inspired by the works of Poe, Stoker, and Shelley.
 Haha I was scared too but didn't quite wet myself. Almost though lol. They must have shielded him from the actual blood and gore I guess.
 Hello, did you enjoy the iron man films. My son loves them.
 I loved all of them!  
 Robert Downey jr made 10 million dollars for iron man 2. He only made 500k for the first installment.
 Nice!  The fist movie grossed over $585 million dollars!
 Robert only got 10 million of that. He was the best part of the movie. 
 I heard that. Also that he decided to do the movie without a script. 
 That's neat!  Paul Bettany the voice of Jarvis has never seen the Iron Man movies.
 Well he must be make a conscience effort not to, because Im sure he has had many chances. Lol.
 lol Right?  Stan Lee created Iron Man because he thought no one would like him.
 Thats just crazy. He is my son second favorite, after transformers. I guess it worked out for stan though.
 I love the sound of the guitar. Did you know Brian may uses coins for his picks.
 He probably gets a different sound from using them.  He also holds a phd in astrophysics.  Incredible!
 I bet he wouldnt be smashing guitars like matthew bellamy. He holds the record  for most smashed guitars on tour.
 I do use facebook.  I heard that iceland is actually rewriting their constitution using facebook.
 That is pretty cool!  Did you hear about that Facebook promotion that Burger King was running?
 I heard about it after the fact. I would have deleted all my friends. Lol.
 I would have too!  I can't believe there are more than 2.2 billion active users on facebook.  Incredible.  It's been fun chatting!
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm just relaxing and playing my guitar. It has six strings and I'm using a guitar pick.
 I have not! Have you? I often play the f chord, which is also the same as the dialtone.
 It has been about 15 years. Mine is average sized, but I would love t play the world's smallest guitar that Cornell built.
 Brian May seems like the kind of guy that would like Iron Man. Jon Favreau did a great job directing that film.
 I love pink floyd almost as much as I love Tony Stark. His engineering talents are out of this world!
 I don't. I much prefer like and I think the many users would agree. It is a huge news resource for 30% of users.
 Comission; per alien encounter. 
 I like venus. It's the only one that moves clockwise. 
 I'm sure he's made more since.  In 2013, they dubbed Star Wars in Navajo which turned out to be the first major film in a Native American language.  That is impressive.
 Yes, it sure was. I learned a lot about Star Wars from you. Thanks for chatting!
 Thanks to you too!  Hope you get to see the next Star Wars movie when it comes out!
 I love Star Wars! It's my favorite movie series.
 Tatooine and Hoth may be extreme examples of planets, but Star Wars is known for its variety of interesting and unique planets. One of the most striking planets is Coruscant. The entire planet is one giant city!
 Thats right! lol Im trying to think who James earl is. only paid 7500 buck. Not bad for 3 hours  but compared to the actors and actresses pay now! What a difference
 Nice chatting with you!
 I do travel for fun at times. How about yourself. Do you travel at all?
 That is very nice. It was nice chatting with you as well and I hope you have a great night!!! Thanks
 Same to you, I hope you have a good night!
 Do you like to travel?
 I like travelling too. It's also a very long trip. 
 But is it nice place to visit.
 I think activity shoe is the best one to go on long trip.
 Of course, no quality at that time. When old is best for every time. 
 I have not spent a lot of shoes. 
 I was regularly use shoes only. I have not been so far. Do you like hiking?
 Definitely, What is your opinion about shirt?
 That's cool, I'll give you a call later and setup a time and day for our hike.  I wear shirts daily, ususally the button down version, mainly for my work.
 I like casual type shirts because i am a conservative. 
 Each one depends on each and every person's mood. Is this right?
 Sure does.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you.  I'll give you a call later this week and setup our hiking date.  
 Okay, thank you very much to chat with me. 
 Talk to you later, friend.
 Not a runner.  It some times gets annoying to mix use a single track.  Cooperation with utilities seems a good idea.  Way to go Gretchen Bolton.  Nice T shirt.
 Not sure I want to go 160 mph in a yellow bus and a cranky Dutch man at the wheel.  My favorite mode is motorcycle, no luggage, no plans, back at work in one week.
 In Jamaica, it is a dress shirt and dress shorts.  with black socks and dress shoes. I have seen the layered look with popped collars before. Funny guys.
 Hope your better than traveling with Billy Mays. Pallbearers with blue shirts and khaki pants.
 I also saw that Michael Caine became an actor just because the prettiest girls were in his drama class in highschool
 Yes for sure.  There are so many different types of drama.  For instance radio drama, drama performed on stage, tv drama, movies, and even drama set to music as in a Opera.  I more or less like them all.
 Don't you just love it when the director or producer plays a direct part in their film like marvel's stan lee
 Oh I know.  I would always look for him in his movies.  This was kind of funny.  when Steven Spielberg rode Jurrasic Park ride on opening day he requested that he was let off before the 84 foot drop.
 I really love musicals. I am a huge fan of Mama Mia!! I love the music from ABBA sprinkled though it. How about you? Do you have any favorites?
 Oh wow, I didn't know that. I have never see a show on Broadway. I have never even been to New York. Meryl Streep is one of my favorite people. She is insanely talented.
 Hello! Do you like the watch Shark Week?
 I love Shark week!  
 Did you know they've evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees?
 I didn't know that.  I've heard that sharks can be trained like dogs to bark!
 Very interesting! You associate sharks with being vicious but they've saved sailors too besides dolphins.
 That's interesting!  I would like to see some video of where the Great White sharks congregate in the middle of the Pacific ocean in an area known as the white shark cafe.
 Wow. That would be fun I bet!  That must have been when the Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago?
 LOL On a sad note...more than 80 percent of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.
 lol  That's funny!  If Earth's entire history was viewed in a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.  Such a short time.
 It really is the grand scheme of things! I wonder how long Apple's clothing line would have taken up in the time since they had one in 1986.
 I wonder if they are worth any money now as collectibles?  Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea yet the label says China.  I wouldn't buy those because I've heard horror stories of North Korea factories and how they treat the people who work there.
 Wow.  Talk about a business model.  lol  Pilgrims wore clothes that were full of color contrary to the sterotype of black and white.
 They didn't do a good job teaching us that in school.  They always showed pictures of them wearing black and white. lol
 Jumping back to the Earth topic...Did you know that 71 percent of the Earth's surface is covered with water?
 Really, I imagine he has a lot of those.
 Sounds interesting I guess. I have never been one to really keep up on fashion to be honest.
 Yeah to be honest, I buy most of my clothes at wal mart. Lol.
 Lol. I can speak on IHOP. I love that place. Best part. All those flavored syrups. Amazing.
 Wow that is interesting to know. Have you heard about bulletproof clothing.
 Apparently miguel cabarello a bulletproof clothing mogul actually shoots all his employees to test the quality of his products.
 I think it would be cool to work there. know they arent gonna just shoot somebody with a chance of it actually hurting them. At least then I could say I have been hot and survived.
 I didnt know that. I have seen the shirts with the apple logo on them. I wastn aware that apple actually made the shirts though.
 Probably. I heard a story about a guy wearing 70 items of clothing to avoid a baggage charge at a chinese airport. Thats taking it a little far if you ask me. 
 I don't think there's anything wrong with that!
 Yes, he's a great actor. He was awesome in the new Batman movies as Alfred.
 I would imagine that's the reason a lot of actors got their start!
 I would like to see a Wimbledon match from before 1978 to see if anything odd was used!
 Oh that's awesome! That's very respectable, I always thing people who can challenge my opinions and thoughts and I end up liking the person are worthy of respect and praise. I think his intentions are pure though, but he explains things very well
 Have a great day!
 hello.
 Yeah me either really. 
 I enjoy watching some of the major tournaments including Wimbledon. I did watch that super long match John Isner had.
 It wasnt 11 hours long was it.
 That is the longest match in history if Im not mistaken.
 I used to be pretty good at table tennis myself
 Did you know that a black man won the 1st us open tennis title.
 Yes it was Arthur Ashe who is a legendary tennis player
 Really. Its sad that no black man has won one wince.
 Im not sure. I will have to look it up later.
 The Williams sisters are two black athletes who have dominated the tennis scene for years however.
 Thats true. Especially Serena.
 I would bet that Serena could probably beat a few of the men on the circuit!
 I dont know. She got beaten pretty good by Karsten braasch and he was ranked 203rd 
 Yeah same here. Have a good one. 
 Haha I like all of them. They are all very important. However I am partial to the Earth haha what about you
 That would have been terrible. USA USA USA. Anyhow, it's been an exciting chat, one for the ages, something for the record books.
 Oh definitely haha. Also good to know that moondust can cut through Kevlar. Be careful and watch out for that haha
 We really should. Did you know that on July 11 2011 neptune completed its first orbit since being discovered in 1846
 Did you know that the highest point on the moon is 1938 meters higher than mt Everest is.
 Mars largest moon is on third hollSome believed it was artificial in origin.ow. 
 Maybe it was a spaceship of some other intelligent lifeform. Maybe they left it there so they could monitor what we are doing on earth.
 You too.
 Yeah, I guess now we know why the monolith said attempt no landing there.
 Okay, I look forward to that!
 I'm definitely in favor of it. I'd like to see it move more in the direction of open-source projects organized along p2p lines instead of under government or corporate control. How about you?
 I guess it would be easier to climb in that gravity though.
 Yeah, it probably would. I will go look into that further now. Have a good day!
 That's scary! They had a good idea to use goats instead of a mowers.
 Hi, how are you?
 Should be Freddie. He had his style, and Elvis had his own. I like the fact that Elvis failed music. That says a lot about school and life.
 I'm glad to hear that.  I once thought that all rich and famous people should marry poor people so they could share their wealth.  But now I think it's the rich who best understand the rich and have a greater hope for a good marriage.
 Gas taxes could help. Higher bridge tolls could, too. I enjoyed chatting with you!
 haha ya he did, I love how he pioneered dance moves like the robot and moonwalk, he was a legend
 I see.  I'm not sure that's for me.  I guess one needs to mindset of just enjoying to movie and to put reality on hold for a while.  
 It sounds that way.  That is, I agree.  Thanks for the excellent chat!
 Hi, how are you?
 Cool, didn't know that tidbit, maybe they are from Oklahoma.  I thought you had a beef with my man, Sonic..Lol
 Never! I loved that game growing up. I also like his slushie drinks... HA!
 I do not... I get too scared for my taste. Do you?
 Dang! I didn't. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes I did. He had many cool movies.
 Yes, all the time..Recently one of his founders Larry Page by Sundar Pichai
 That is pretty wise, I like they think outside the box. Do you know how much computer power takes to do a google search?
 Google did go down for 5 minutes on 2013
 The IPO of Google was in 2004 and it became a company in 1978
 That is funny! Did you know in Nevada there is an option to select None of these candidates when voting for president
 I did not know that either, how is that?
 It is because the Elephants, that is why he did not go in that ride. Did you know since 1853 there has not been presidents that are from a party different than republican or democrat
 Interesting.  I found funny the method of election they had in ancient Greece, it was by lottery
 Yes it has been cool.  I am happy to learn always about interesting facts, like the ones we talk about, google and history . Have a good one
 I do too! Thanks
 Elvis is one of my favorite musicians. My favorite song he did was "American Trilogy."
 I did not know that!  My favorite Jackson song is Thriller. I really enjoyed the video for that song.
 Like, Bohemian Rapsody is a drama movie, since we were speaking of Freddie Mercury. 
 I've never been. I'd like to. I've eaten Spanish food, but not in Spain.
 I love country music - partly because it is so understandable.
 hello! Do you like poetry?
 Oh, I must admit I love it! I write it as well. 
 I have always loved words and lyrics to songs and just decided to start researching articles and wrote my first poem about 20 years ago. I am not published or anything I write for people I am close to though :)
 People have told me I should but I have never tried. Maybe I will. I wrote a poem for a dear friend at work who's son died and the weekly news letter published it I thought that was very nice.
 Thank you, I like to show people how much I care in different ways and poetry is very personal. That is crazy! I love that poem. Did you know there is a poem if read normally it is depressing yet reading it backwards is inspiring!
 That would be extremely difficult to do! I may have to research that lol i want to read it now lol
 Oh my, I love the universe! The sky, the planets and my favorite is the moon! 
 Haha! Right! I hope they do that would be fascinating! Mars also has a higher pitch in the sounds there because of the different atmosphere, very cool!
 I believe we went to the moon but with how much technology there is now and special affects it is possible they just want to make money on this show.... It is good to question things though, I do all the time lol
 Hahaha, great song! I would love to go to the moon!
 Exactly! Some extreme 
 Okay, I think I will go curl up with a good book of poems now. Have a good day!
 I do like some rap, especially Drake. Do you listen to him?
 I remember him in Degrassi the most. It was one of my favorite shows growing up. Did you ever watch it?
 Well, better late than never! Hotline bling was sampled from 1972 hit why we can't live together.
 He seems like a pretty good guy, especially after that music video where he spent the who budget on other people.
 That's kind of funny. What kind of other rap do you like?
 I like the new emo rap genre that's emerging. It's got a pretty interesting concept. 
 That's pretty interesting. Busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie.
 That would have been a different route, he could probably still pursue it if he wanted.
 He was a pretty significant rapper. Did you know pilgrims only wore black on special occasions?
 I bet it was really minimalist and expensive! 
 It was nice chatting with you too!
 Good morning how are you doing?
 Yeah I also read about it 8 to years ago when I was in high school. I enjoy reading about dystopian society's. I have never read "Milkman" by Anna Burn, but I have heard great things about it. I really enjoyed reading "The Great Gatsby" 
 Ok, I always love a great story about overcoming tough times and adversity. Have you read any books about Mars or outer space?
 My uncle has told me good things about Sirens of Titan, I should definitely check it out. I find it crazy how people are willing to go live on mars for a reality tv show in 2023.
 Yeah, that was a very foolish mistake. I believe we should all just use the metric system like the rest of the world.
 In my opinion the metric system is alot more practical. Its just that americans are not used to using it, so it is foreign to them. I honestly do not see them changing to the metric system anytime soon. Did you know that certain countries like Egypt read from right to left?
 That is a very skilled reader! I feel like kids nowadays do not read as much as they used to. I believe it has to do with all the technology like smart phones that are available to them now a days.
 For sure, I also find it interesting that now a days a lot of Americans are starting to take up habits like meditation. I believe that meditation is great, it is basically exercise for the mind.
 I have't played that one.  I'm an old school gamer. lol  Did you know video games were initially called cathode ray tube amusement devices which were used by the military?
 I did play that one. lol  That's interesting too!  Game designer Jann McGonigal calculated that as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week. 
 That's a lot of time! I didn't spend anywhere near that much time back when Mortal Kombat first came out, but I did spend a lot on that game haha. That's the game that started the rating system and video games by the way
 lol  Nice.  I remember that game too!  Stepen Fry did the narration for Little Big Planet, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and Harry Potter video games.  I'm not familiar with him.
 I agree!  Jim Hanks, Tom Hanks' brother, does the Woody's voice in video games and merchandise.  I've heard that voice in the merch. he sounds just like Tom.
 Wow that is crazy.  Speaking of which...it's illegal for kids 16 and under in South Korea to play video games past midnight.
 lol I didn't know that.  I know about 71% of the Earth is covered with water and the remaining 29% is land that consists of continents and islands.
 I'm sure they suck a lot of power.  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon.
 lol I've never heard that.  That's funny because I call myself a googler when I'm googling at the office. lol  I can't believe I'ts been over 20 years since Google was founded in 1998.  Time flies.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 I had no idea!  That's interesting!  Have a good night!
 Yeah no doubt. I would like to thank those founders for creating it back in 1998!
 Hi, I don't follow Elon Musk, wow I think AI is pretty amazing!
 Really? So odd in some ways, it seems this bot has independently hit on it's own strategies....
 If bots grow hair I will be severely damaged lol, But humans are also the best distance runners among all running animals, that is crazy. I need to use Google on my computer and look this AI stuff up.
 There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.  For me, that's the sound of an accordion....
 I didn't know that, interesting. I don't know what my frequency would be. So do you own a computer or do you use your phone? I like my laptop. 
 Same here, have a good one
 Haha I know, will do .
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 I have that concert on a CD ! Great psychedelic piece ! Do You like it ?
 Hey :) what happens on the tour stays on the tour :) They could get marry on the tour and live happily for 20 years :) lol
 Lol... just imagine all the after parties... girls, coke and booze... jesus I just got nostalgic... ;)
 That's a fun fact for characters of movie "jaws" :) 
 Yeah... but I'm guessing it's the shark who will be choosing... :) lol
 They could pick a better name :) this one sounds scary :) lol
 Yeah... Italian Mafia sharks... lol ;) I'm not going into that cafe ;)
 Hi how are you? Look at this? "Colorado girls may have been killed, their father's defense attorneys say, in motion." Isn't this crazy?
 Yes they should have warned them. Then the disaster would not have happened. It is sad what happened.
 Yes you are so right. It is so difficult. Then did you hear about the Shark? Wow that was also a crazy thing. So many things in one week.
 I personally don't want to think about it. I'll stick to hamburgers.
 It was nice talking to you. Bye.
 Bye. 
 Who knows! Scotland seems to believe in her! Well this was a great chat!
 I do! I use google as my main search engine and google mail. Do you?
 I think Bing still exists, but I don't know anyone who actually uses it. A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon! Amazing the technology that's readily available. 
 Yes, google maps is a must for me too! I never know where i'm going. It calculates traffic by how fast android phones are moving on the road.
 For sure! When google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 it took 40 percent of web traffic with it.
 It is certainly the biggest and most powerful search engine. It's a little scary to think what we would do if it really did go down for good. 
 Yeah, that's true. Do you use Netflix?
 Yeah, it accounts for 33 percent of the bandwidth in north america from 9pm to 12am!
 Yeah, I do it use it! I just finished watching that new Netflix show called You. Have you seen it?
 It was pretty good, Netflix seems to produce some pretty good shows. Netflix and youtube create half the internet traffic in North America. 
 Yeah, are there even any block busters left anymore? I do miss going in to pick out a movie sometimes.
 Yeah, that's one thing that was annoying. I think I racked up so many fees from forgetting to bring stuff back. 
 That's a good thing! Well, it was nice chatting with you!
 You too, I wish you plenty of good shows on Netflix.
 No, they're painted on various surfaces, you can't really take them with ya (unless you chip them out of the walls...) LOL
 Hello!  do you like watching concerts?
 yes I do love concerts, I want to see the concert put on by 81 year old Philip glass
 Is he the one that is playing at the Kennedy Center?
 yes he is, it sounds like hes been preparing for this concert for a long time. I just want to support him because he's getting old
 Sounds like a good story he has.  In Croatia, there is an ancient Roman amphitheatre that is still used for concerts.  That would be interesting to see a show at.
 Hahaha I do because I grew up in the 70s and when I hear them it takes me back to being a kid.
 Wow!  I didn't know that.  That's a lot of cash!  The Ramones played 2,263 shows over a 20 year span.  Bet they didn't come close to making that for their entire career.  lol
 I do listen to them!  Dave Grohl is actually from not far from where I live and his grandparents, parents, aunts, and uncles still live there.  He comes home a lot.  The Foo Fighters even played a show at a local record store.  It's on youtube look up foo fighters niles, ohio and you can watch it.
 I play guitar.  Tried piano but for some reason I couldn't get it.  Thought I wouldn't have a problem because of the guitar.  But, I was wrong.  Did you know that Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney used the same piano to record their hits "Bohemian Rhapsody" and "Hey Jude"?
 I am going to have to look those up.  Sounds interesting.  They made an aluminum grand pianno for the lounge of the Hindenburg and it weighed only 356 pounds.  I wonder if it went down when the ship crashed?
 I never knew that about him.  I wonder if that's on youtube?  On April 18, 1930 the BBC decided there was no news worth reporting so they broadcasted piano music instead.  lol
 Wow.  I never heard that story.  That's actually pretty interesting.  I have to get running. It was nice chatting with you today!
 I can'be believe it's already been 20 years since the company was founded in 1997.
 It is.  From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33 percent of allbandwidth in North America.  I'm part of that 33% lol
 They should have taken them up on it and they would still be in business. lol
 They are for sure!  Together with youtube, they make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  So that means 1/2 the people online are watching videos.  lol
 I will have to go check that out.  Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.  Pretty pricey but that's how they get subscribers to rent the new movies on dvd.
 I think that it may be one giant superhologram from what I've read.
 There is also a theory that there is only one electron in the universe.
 Yes lol  There are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.  How would they even know this?  
 I agree!  Do you watch Disney at all?  Bill Ney was the science consultant for Disney's Flubber.  I had no idea.  It's bee fun chatting with you!
 Have a good night!
 Yes, true. That $40 late fee was inspiring!
 That's one nice thing about online streaming. They can't very well charge a late fee!
 could be? I love driving electric cars. No sound. lol
 Good idea!
 I sure do they are good cars. It was nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 Hello, I am good, thank you.
 Big mistake, HUGE!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you friend.  Have a good day!
 That's too much piano for my desire... I get irritated with the news but must be a glutton for punishment because I still watch it. Although I would like to hear the stress test song...
 Agreed. There is a 224 word Palindrome! Nice chatting with you.
 That makes sense. I wonder if it sounded good. Would Horowitz play it? Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
 I do, actually! What about you? I love Golden State's new championship rings and how they have a bristly texture with a perfect circle at the top to match the Oracle Arena!
 They are! It is so beautiful! So do you have a favorite? I like Tim Duncan because I admire how he elected to finish four years of college before joining the NBA. He sacrificed money for an education!
 He does. I like how he visited Drake University right after the students there gave up on trying to get Drake there during a tour stop!
 That is very admirable! So nice of him to do that! I'm glad he gives back after becoming the first artist to have seven songs from a debut chart on the Billboard Top 100!
 Hi turker, do you like NBA, If yes, do you like the Golden State Warriors?
 I know that he was discovered on youtube in 2008 and was signed to a record deal.
 I bet.  His first full length studio album My World 2.0 debuted in 2010 at number 1 in several countries.
 lol Not everyone had the Bieber fever.
 Yes.  He does some nice things for charity.  He has granted 200 wishes for the make a wish foundation.  It's the most ever done by a recording artist.
 No.  Never too old.  Just a different generation.  Bieber has never had a number one single in the U.S. or Great Britain.  Interesting seeing how is albums were No. 1's. lol
 That could be.  There was a Justin Bieber, a guy in his 30s, who was banned from Facebook for sharing the same name with the famous celebrity.  Crazy.
 That's just pathetic in my book.  It just doesn't seem right to do that.  Do you like basketball at all?
 Out of the 30 teams do you have a favorite one?  Mine is the Cavs because I'm from there originally.
 I know I would have taken the money and set up kids and my grandchildren up for life. lol  Although when came back,  I didn't think he would leave again.  Oh well.  Did you know that Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA but Michael Jordan wore them anyhow because Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game?  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Have a great night!
 yeah guess I shoulda said travel around the world
 you want to test out the 160mph commuter bus by the dutch?
 they should send that to iceland so that they dont have to fly short distances
 Not so economical if they have high tolls like the $300 tolls to travel the length of japan
 I'm heading to japan in May. Did you see in the clothing section about Rip Curl making clothes in North Korea and labeling them as "Made in China"?
 Those Apple clothes are probably worth some serious $$$ now.
 How about gucci's name guccio gucci. Just call me GG
 Still, it's uniquely human and it varies greatly depending on body type, social and geographic considerations. Including the Greeks haha.
 I imagine it gets almost everything. Except oil. Nothing gets oil out.
 This 2005 photo shows a Natalee Holloway missing poster after she vanished on a class trip to Aruba. 
 They were perched atop chunky-heeled sandals, wearing flat-topped wide-brimmed hats.
  Saint Laurent was founded in 1961 with a focus on women and their sexuality.
 Dior casts its gaze on beauty. Chanel tangles with independence and liberation.
 do you know Over the years, as the brand dressed the likes of Catherine Deneuve, it firmly embedded itself into French culture. 
 Some most definitely looked as though they were willing themselves not to shiver. Saint Laurent Spring/Summer 2019 collection
 The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph.
 thank you 
 And people here forget about their dogs in their cars and they die. I wish they had stuff like that here. Anyway I should be going. It was nice talking with you. I learned a lot more about dogs.
 Have a great night.
 In school. I was very interested in animals always, and even read more than I was assigned for school. I learned about the loch ness monster, too. It's a protected species, even!
 Yes, I think I like nearly all living things. One of my favorite things I learned in school about animals was their ecosystems and habits. I loved to learn how many different things interact with each other.
 There are a lot of  animals to learn about.
 I like animals as much as the next person but writing them into the constitution seems like overkill.
 I used to watch some veterinary show. It was an older guy that was great with animals! I'm gonna go pet my cats now, or at least the nice ones! lol
 I agree. It was good talking to you!
 I didn't realize that.  I love that movie.  I thought it was very well done.  It is nice that they made a superhero movie with a woman as the main character and Wonder Woman was definitely the right one to choose.  I believe it has been in the works for a very long time, so I am glad they finally made it.
 I want to work somewhere I can take my dog to work.  They are so beneficial to people in so many ways.  I think having them at work can also have a positive influence on employees.  I would be happier at work with a dog there.
 Wow, that's amazing.  I have a friend who trains service dogs.  It is amazing the tasks they can perform and the jobs they can be trained to do.  From police dogs, herding sheep, and actually assisting people with disabilities.
 Yes, my two dogs are just companion though...actually more like babies! In Istanbul there are vending machine of dog foods and water for strays
 Yeah, I heard about that.  People put plastic bottles in and dog food comes out for strays.  That is amazing.  I would feed plastic bottles into a machine all day to help an animal be fed.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am. What about you? What's your favorite?
 I have and loved it too. I that Gadot was the perfect choice. Any famous person would have taken away from the role and placed it on them instead. Great casting.
 Fantastic casting. I love that she was actually a soldier. I think it lent a sense of realism to the role. 
 Yeah. She did a great job! I also loved the scenes of her back on her homeland training. I thought it was really well done.
 Yeah. I feel like Super Troopers is one of those and I LOVE that movie. All of those movies they are in.
 Breakfast club has to be up there as a cult classic for me. I can't believe the lack of script and the acting genius that came through. 
 True! Thanks for being attentive to the chat. Have a great day!
 en and pieces of ladder tumbled to the ground; some of the pallbearers scurried onto the tower.
 Men and pieces of ladder tumbled to the ground; some of the pallbearers scurried onto the tower. [A woman went to check her corn - and was swallowed by a python
 Berta's 40-year-old son. He had been near the end of the coffin - one of the last trying to push it up into the tower. 
 leek, fat water buffalo are everywhere, lounging under trees, standing alongside the road, or being walked in circles by young men who tend them as affectionately as they would pets.
 Animals are multicellular eukaryotic organisms that form the biological kingdom Animalia
 A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person's company, protection, or entertainment rather than as a working animal, livestock, or laboratory animal.
 Under the provisions of the 1912 scottish protection of animals act, the loch ness monster is a protected species.
 Dance is a performing art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement. This movement has aesthetic and symbolic value, and is acknowledged as dance by performers and observers within a particular culture. Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, or by its historical period or place of origin.
 Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker
 Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs?
 Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music, and smile more when they hit the beat
 Over 1.5 million living animal species have been described of which around 1 million are insects but it has been estimated there are over 7 million animal species in total?
 here are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia.
 Under the provisions of the 1912 scottish protection of animals act, the loch ness monster is a protected species.
 It is not legal to "own" pets in boulder, colorado, but you may be their "guardian."
 reptile pets, such as turtles, lizards and snakes; aquatic pets, such as fish, freshwater and saltwater snails, and frogs
 thank you happy weekend
 I agree animals are super cool.  That is a huge number!  
 It really is! There are some crazy evolutionary traits out there, like animals only develop white patch on their forehead after they've been domesticated.
 Yep!  But why would anyone want a pet tiger lol.  why not just a regular cat...who won't kill you!
 Wow, didn't know that! You can only own a rabbit in queensland if you are a magician
 huh, so strange.  Hamsters are banned in Hawaii.  I wonder why?
 haha!  No, I didn't know that.  I have heard about people cloning their pets though its supposed to be super expensive
 I agree, everyone has a different body so I am going to listen to mine and try to progress, getting faster, stronger.
 I see, one of my favorite guitarist is Eddie Van Halen.
 Seems like he needs some anger management. Maybe record an album in a nice calm place like the floating studio Astoria.
 He sure does, guitars will think about messing with him twice though lol and yeah I heard Pink Floyd recorded some themes there.
 Yes I have.  It's really interesting how little lies can escalate. 
 That's ridiculously fast.  I heard her name is Anne Jones. 
 I wonder how good a person's comprehension is at that speed.
 That's amazing I would love for someone to teach me some techniques on improving my speed.
 I would feel like a super hero if I could read that fast.
 I think you could actually be considered a superhero if you read at that pace!
 I agree!
 You are right. That was nice that they did that.  
 Yeah, it sure was. They donated $1 billion dollars! Awesome number. 
 Music world is so vast. I had a great time chatting with you, thank you so much.
 I dont think so. Have you?
 That makes sense. I have just never been much of a reader. Unless you cont reading to my son before bed. 
 Yeah we go to the library every week and pick out new books. He really likes cars and trains and stuff like that.  
 Thats interesting. We read the other day that Astronomers detected building blocks of life (atoms) in a planetary system 455 light years away. All little dude wanted to do after that was play with his legos. Lol.
 Well anybody who has stepped on one in the middle of the night sure does know about that quality huh. They dont give any. I heard that lego is investing millions to switch away from oil based plastics. Its nice that they are going environmentally friendly.
 Well we have a couple hundred peoples worth at my house then. 
 He doesnt read by himself yet just looks at the pictures. He is still young. Maybe one day he will break the speed reading record of 4700 words per minute. Thats reading pretty fast. Lol.
 I would think they are tested pretty extensively on that aspect. It would be hard to put someone in the record book just based on them saying they read this many pages. 
 I think thats just how the world works. People panic about what they dont understand. Then it becomes main stream and they forgot that they even panicked. 
 Im sure there is some astronomer out there that was thinking this has to be the end, we better warn everybody. Lol.
 Yeah. I also think Legos are cool. Modular design is a really efficient way of doing things.
 There's an open-source hardware outfit called Open Source Ecology that builds a whole collection of tabletop machine tools -- drill presses, lathes, routers, 3D printers, etc. -- with a lot of interchangeable parts like power supplies, that can reproduced with their own machinery.
 I'm sure the 3D printer could be used for legos, or for anything that an industrial extruder is used for.
 You too
 Did you know that Lego's were invented in Denmark?  I loved to play with Legos as a kid.
 Do you prefer to build pre-designed Lego kits or to make up your own design?
 I love to follow the directions of large assemblies, but they are too expensive to do very much.  But it is a fun thing to do with my nephew.
 That is a great part of it!  Have you ever played Pokemon GO on a phone?
 It is a lot of fun! And so crazy to use the augmented reality feature and see the Pokemon "in real life".  Do you use any virtual reality types of gear?
 I can understand that.  We don't have any VR games, but I think that the "virtual" rides at amusement parks are pretty similar.  They use technology to move your seats and visually trick you into thinking that you're really moving.
 Hi! Are you a dog lover?
 I have an esquisite Canis lupus: A white German shepherd dog. Great animal!
 Absolutely!  Runs rings around other breeds I have owned. Literally. The dog is non stop motion.  You know, they say dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing, and it is true! My dog points at her dish when she wants me to fill it!
 Different breed of animal, those kind of dogs. LOL  I'll have to get her to Google that later. Google loves dogs, and dogs apparently love Google!
 Cats are good if you like the kind of animal that looks at you and thinks, "If I was big enough, I would eat you..."  I find fish to be more calming than cats.  Nothing like a nice gill-bearing aquatic craniate floating in a pool of stagnant water to add a touch of class to the office! 
 In Istanbul they have vending machines filled with dog food. Worst trail mix I ever had!
 I didn't see the label on the container until too late. I guess I am a bit blind. Some people think dogs are color blind, but it's not true. They are just programmed to see fewer colors than we are.
 Yeah, and they can even thrive on a starch-rich diet. I know this because my dog eats every potato chip I drop!
 5 second rule doesn't work in our house.  The dog is too quick!  It must be in her blood. You know dogs have 12 different blood types? They will eat even more!
 You might be the next dog whisperer!  Dogs can fill the role of a human in hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, assisting police and military, companionship, and in helping the disabled. That is more than most of the people I know! 
 I will thank you. And when the time is right, consider getting a white GSD!
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night! 
 Bye!
 Enjoy your pets!
 Same here
 I had not but that is just silly ha ha. I can't imagine who thought that was necessary and how it made it through lawmakers. In 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights. In my opinion we need a lot more of that type of legislation. 
 Macy's said it boosted sales by dialing back discounts, adding exclusive products and investing in its private-label brands.
 That dude is filthy rich.
 The first amazon.com customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him
 Yeah, true. I bet he's glad he became a rapper anyway. I'm sure he makes much more money than he would as a comic book artist. Speaking if Eminem, I can't believe that judge in Michigan gave her ruling in a rap during the suit filed against Eminem. That's hilarious!
 You are right! And it's crazy it was purchased for $1.65 billion almost a year after it was started. Wish I had thought of that back then! Ha! Speaking of YouTube, I need to go listen to Timmy Thomas' 1972 song "Why we can't live together" since Drake actually sampled that song for the beat of his "Hotline Bling! It was great chatting with you today! Have a good one!
 Hello, do you like to go shopping?
 Exactly! I love shopping at Macy's and i'm glad others are starting to feel the same way!
 Yep, i like to try on my clothes you never know how they will fit even from Macy's.
 Thnat's good to hear! I do! Especially around Christmas time too!
 I wouldn't doubt that Amazon would become bigger. 
 I totally agree plus they allow you to instantly make a return ionstead of haviong to send it through the mail again too much hassle and expense in that
 That's great to hear! Equal opportunity for everyone according to Macy's
 Yea, thats correct but not normally worn as an everyday fashion
 Yeah, well the pilgrims on the school boards were the first to land at plymouth and the first Thanksgiving so it was a special occasion to wear the black clothes
 Oh yeah, i buy all types of electronics and toys from Amazon like RC cars, action figures, etc
 Oh yeah, in the late 90s then they grew exponentially!
 Yeah, that is great that Amazon did just especially to be more competitive. I love supernatural shows and movies and you?
 I would order them because i know my shoe size and brand that i like to wear. Well, i gotta run. It was great chatting with you! Take care, bye
 Ha.  I think Joey did that on an episode of Friends.  If the wearing of clothing is restricted to human beings, then who enforces that.  No one I know is looking at chimps in hats and saying "lets see some ID."
 Me too!  It was created in Feb. 2005  I must have started watching it fairly quick because I think that's around when I started watching it.
 Me too!  I also love to watch money making videos like how to make money with apps, reselling, etc.  Like to watch entrepreneur videos as well.  Google bought youtube in 2006 for $1.65 billion dollars!  Wow!
 It did.  Youtube is where I first heard about it.  Didn't it break the view counter or somthing?
 I remember it was something like that.  Justin Bieber's "Baby" is the most disliked video on youtube.  Poor Biebs.
 I haven't seen him lately.  I hope he hasn't ended up being on Blutube  That's the police version of youtube right?
 That's good!  I love to read!  He must have dropped out of high school and then went back because he graduated high school in 2012 at the age of 25.
 Wow.  He must be a huge fan then.  I never knew that.  Where is Drake from?
 I think he's from the Toronto, Canada area.  He received a grammy award for Best Rap Song for his "Hotline Bling" song.
 How interesting is that?  I like how he visited Drake university one night during a tour stop.  The students there were trying to get him to come there and he did go only after they gave up trying to get him to come.  It's been a good chat!
 Yes I wonder if they felt the same way with their shoes and such.
 Yes me either I seen also that 5000 year old shoes can perform better than new shoes. That's crazy.
 Absolutely I couldn't agree more. I cant believe ballet dancers can go through 3 pairs of tips a week .
 That is an interesting point! I didn't think of it in that way. It is also interesting that cat lovers are known as "ailurophiles"
 I understand, that would make you an "cynophile" according to the article. I enjoy being around animals, they have wonderful personalities. Theodore Roosevelt had over 20 pets himself apparently!
 Look at it this way... imagine how overpopulated they would be if they were just running wild and mating by instinct with no spay/neutering
 It reminds me of a family guy episode when they were in a dimension warp and dogs ruled lol. Dogs have become accustomed to human behavior. 
 i LOVE that episode! lol
 haha I was hoping you knew what I was referring to. 
 yeah, they went through a bunch of different dimensions. brian and stewie.
 There was another episode when Peter ran for a political position, I can't remember if it was president or not. It was neat to hear that the white house still uses floppy disks...I can't believe those disks still exist
 I don't blame them. I'm sick of seeing their like button too. I think Burger King hated them too. They gave you a free whopper if you unfriended 10 people.
 Yes, while i don't take them too seriously, they are very fun too watch, a good escape from the world.
 I believe so.  Marvel should make a comic book about the history of comic books.
 Sounds good!  Bye
 I guess thats a good thing, maintanence can be hard, my dog sure makes it hard for me
 Are you a big fan of attending music concerts?
 omg i love concerts , my favorite but for personal reasons was tears for fears
 Which year did you attend the concert?
 I have only been to music festivals where multiple bands play but never a singular artist or bands concert
 Yes I truly believe the changed the world and the way we currently have knowldge always at our finger tips
 They started a revolution
 LOL I wish I could have done that. I'm so hungry right now that if that we're going on I would unfriend everyone to get all of the Whoppers that I could get LOL
 I do love dogs.  They are so funny.  Imagine a show on BBC about dogs for dogs, by dogs.  Who is a good boy?
 I did not know that. So that confirms my belief that they are choosing not to listen to you when they don't want to ha ha. Dogs are smart, along with elephants they are also the only animals to understand pointing. 
 I imagine taste is the big driver for dog toy choice.  I know some dogs in Moscow are smart enough to use the subway.  
 First cloned pet was a cat.  What, there was a spot of sunshine without a furball at the end.... a box that sat on the floor empty.  It is illegal to keep rabbits in Queensland, unless your a magician.
 Theodore was a rough rider.  I am sure he was tougher than the bear.  Jimmy Carter had solar panels installed on the white house... Preserving the environment is a good thing.
 haha ya back to the future was actually reagans favorite movie, probably from that line haha
 Nice, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 I really liked the Nintendo, even if it could only display 54 colors. 
 I think I will see it. Thanks for the conversation. 
 I wouldn't have said anyone could be influenced by the Spice Girls.  I think as a performer she has surpassed them in terms of critical and commercial acclaim. 
 I would like to see the proof of that. Sadly whenever I had goldfish, I was so bad at keeping them alive! Another thing that's immortal, is our online profiles with things like Facebook.
 Me too. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Thank for your information.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 That is so comforting to hear.  Horses are gentle creatures.  I believe that why kids love them.  In fact, two high school kids decided to ride horses to school and they got suspended for it.  
 Yeah they cannot all be hits. It was nice chatting with you.
 Hi! I love horses, had them on our farm growing up. Wow, that's amazing!
 Really? I have never heard of people being allergic to horses, must be rare. I would love to be ride horses instead of driving, like the kids who rode their horses to ...no vehicle day....but they got suspended.
 Very true, such a big company especially after expanding to streaming media in 2007
 I had those types of late fee's sometimes. I am happy we have Netflix now. I love the huge Box office hits on there besides tons of TV series.
 That's not surprising! Netflix and Youtube combined make up half of internet traffic. I don't even have cable anymore because there's so much to watch on Netflix.
 Wow, that is awesome! I love Tom Hanks, he has been in so many great movies. I also like Disney films, they are huge and it's odd they have had box office flops before.
 Yeah that just boggles my mind how big it is now.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one. 
 ya that is a wild amount of words, I would definitely not remember those, I guess Enders Game is also on a lot of military reading lists, now there is another movie I saw that was pretty bad haha
 ya apparently they would do competitions on who could go the longest without laughing while reading amateur poetry, imagine if you realized those two authors were reading and laughing at your hard work haha
 No, I did not know that, although I am a fan of softball, do you play any of those sports?
 yes I think so, but I would be fine if they somehow got immortal jellyfish DNA into me so I could live forever haha
 I do read some. What about you?
 It sure is crazy to think how people used to live and think. It's hard to believe people that could have been so narrow minded could do things like create games, one example being softball. It was invented in Chicago in 1887.
 Ew. That is really weird! Good chatting!
 I believe so. I really like Paul Rudd for ant man. He is a good action star!
 Have you seen the movie the Thor: Ragnarok'? It was hard to understand.
 It is hard to believe that Bill Nye has gotten famous off of a Steve Martin look a like contest lol
 I love comedies!
 Very cool. Another reason I like this genre is because the films typically have a happy ending, that is unless you're watching a black comedy.
 Yes!  Do you know who Demetri Martin is?
 I love Bill Murray!
 I have not seen that.  I saw that he calls i the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.
 I agree.  Did you ever watch 3rd rock from the sun?
 I was surprised that it beat out Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier that year to win it.
 Yes that really shows how good it must've been. The comedy guy Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy. Definitely paid off for him.
 No doubt.  Big risk he took.  Do you like bromatic comedies?
 Yes very true. Bromantic comedies are hilarious. The hangover and pineapple express are definitely some of my favorites.
 Yes dogs are definitely one of my favorite pets. I think it's so cool that they originated from wolves.
 Yes!  Did you know that dogs aren't color blind...they just can't see as many different colors as humans.
 I find it funny that they also have blood drives. lol
 Very funny ha ha. I also love dogs because they are man's best friend. Well so good talking to you today I hope you enjoy the rest of the day!
 You have a good day as well!  Thanks for the chat!
 Do you like animals? I love them. I have dogs, but I also love horses. I love that my dogs can understand where I point. Evidently only dogs and elephants are the only animals that can understand a human's point. 
 Aw, that's so precious. It's a funny myth that dogs can't see color; they can see it, they just can't see as many colors as we do.
 For sure, take care and great chatting with you too. Have a good rest of the evening!
 It's no wonder they're successful because the created a superhero named "Blue Ear" for a four year old boy who told his mom that superheroes don't wear hearing aids, so Marvel created one, how commendable.
 I'm not sure whether I agree or disagree with whether or not mutants aren't humans. Anyways, its still a form of entertainment though because it captures and holds the attention of interested audiences.
 I also like Black Panther as well. 80% of the dialogue was improvised! I don't think I could stop myself from giggling if I was to speak in a made up language.
 I am not sure, I think it boils down to personal preference. nice chat
 Hey there!  I do like to fish and aquariums!  I live in Florida so I get to do a lot of fishing.
 Neat!  You have some exotic species down there not found around the rest of the US.
 Yikes!  84 percent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish.  Odd fact.
 I wouldn't want to come across those for sure.  lol  I would however like to catch a peacock bass one day.  There is only one fish that has a neck and that is the seahorse!
 That is interesting.  I'm curious to know.  You think it would be the other way around because of the saltwater.  lol  Do you play softball?
 Those are the best leagues!  I didn't know that.  Jose Canseco claims to have hit the longest softball homerun at 622 feet.
 No doubt.  I wonder if that was when he was on steroids? lol  The first sporting event ever shown on ESPN was a slow pitch softball game between the Kentucky Bourbons and the Milwaukee Schlitz.  Ha!  Perfect beer league names!
 Nice!  I didn't know there were professional players.  In 1991 Creighton and Utah played the longest NCAA game in history when the game went on for 31 innings.
 Isn't that crazy?  How about Anne Jones?  She holds the record for speed reading at 4,700 words per minute!
 Yes it does!  Makes you wonder if she actually took in what she read. lol  I had a good time chatting with you today!
 No kidding!  Enjoyed the chat too, have a great day!
 I like it but it's kind of difficult to get the seeds out for the amount of fruit you get. But they are good for taming inflammation and are good for health in other ways.
 Yes, but I have not invested too much of myself in it. I took an astronomy class in college & I was amazed at how people used to judge time and seasons by using the sun & stars
 no hesitation, if given a chance.  You?
 Thank you & same to you
 bye
 Hey! I'm doing well, how are you today?
 I am well. Do you like dogs?
 I don't want this to be a downer and I just put my 10 year old st bernard down this week. It was sad but she was great and in a better spot. I had goldens when I was right out of college. I loved that dog!
 Not for a while. We have a 7 and 5 year old that my wife and I are concentrating on. Plus we always need to find sitters and walkers for her. It only happens once every two months but still, it gets hard. Once my kids go off to college, I will get another one. Plus I am alergic...
 HA! I remember my golden's hair floating by like tubleweed in the old south. So much hair! I thought my st bernard would have a lot but didn't.
 Oh no, completely worth it. Especially when you have someone else to clean it up for you!
 I wanted a roomba but was going to wait until my dog was gone. I can now buy a roomba!
 They are nice to have, especially if you don't have a pet. It gets a pretty decent amount of hair up. It was really nice chatting with you!
 Ditto. Go give those puppies a big hug and kiss!
 Absolutely! Have a good one!!!
 You too
 haha ya I want that job, I would imagine you do a whole lot of NOTHING all day long haha
 haha yes or we should make a rocket ship to fly pianos around to other planets! they need to be aluminum I'm sure to save on weight haha
 Sounds like fun! Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 thank you my friend perhaps we will meet these aliens someday!
 Oh yeah, college or pros. Were you aware that the only head coach in kansas University history with a losing record is james naismith. The inventor of basketball.
 I would say he would be surprised at the athletic ability of the players these days. I doubt this is what he really imagined. Not to say he would be disappointed.
 I know it impresses me a lot. Another fun fact is that in 39 out of the 50 states. The highest played employee is a college football or basketball coach. Thats just crazy.
 Yeah mine to. I have always like playing basketball. Never been great at it , but I enjoy playing. 
 I haven't really followed it much this year. Are they doing pretty well.
 Yeah Giannis is pretty good. i think he is better than Lebron, at least at this stage in their careers.
 I think Lebron is a great player, I just hate it how he has done cleveland. I think he should have stayed there his whole career and brought them a bunch of championships. It would have been a great story.
 It is kind of sad what he has done. He basically said forget my hometown, just to go get a couple more championships that he probably could have got anyway.
 Yeah I don't like when players leave a team just to get a ring.  If you want to do it right, play for one team, and do enough to make it happen while you're there. It was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day.
 I like how good of an exercise it is, and it's fun for recreation
 I would probably lose more than 8 pounds from the constant falling and slipping and lack of hand eye coordination and struggle in the frigid temperatures.
 I love music!  All styles pretty much!
 Did you know that the Fender stratocaster guitar was intended for country music?
 Well...I would say the older country music that was called hillbilly music sounds nothing like the country music of today.  Now country music sounds more like a pop band.
 Oh yeah!  Country music was originally inspired and derived from celtic music.  That's how the fiddle's became a part of country music.
 They are native to Iceland and it's a interesting law they created.  Did you know that the length of horse hair is related to the amount of sunlight it gets?
 Did you know that horses, sharks, and orangutans are all ticklish?
 It was my pleasure.  Have a good night!
 Really?!  Im so jealous!  I was there like 2 months ago.  I got to take a picture with Jack Skellington!  Is the haunted mansion still nightmare before christmas themed?
 Yeah you too, have a good day!
 Me too. I love college basketball and March Madness. 
 I think so too. Well, it was great talking. Have a good day!
 I love the Marvel series on Netflix, more so than the movies.
 okay good.
 i like hockey game.
 i like ice hockey.are u like?
 thanks for your information.
 okay.its true
 okey.Swimming is consistently among the top public recreational activities,[2][3][4][5] and in some countries, swimming lessons are a compulsory part of the educational curriculum.[6] As a formalized sport, swimming features in a range of local, national, and international competitions, including every modern Summer Olympics.
 yes,are you like swimming?
 oh okay
 There is a banned swimsuit so good that 94% of all swimming races at the 2008 Olympics wearing one won in it?
 Freestyle in swimming technically means you can swim in any style; however the front crawl is synonymous with freestyle since it is the fastest and most efficient stroke.
 okay.thanks for the information.
 The NY Islanders! How about you?
 Yeah pretty offensive, but pretty accurate. I did know that! And they call it the "highest court in the land." Also an accurate name. haha
 Definitely thank swimmers like Phelps for that! He had a big hand in getting a bunch of gold metals when he used to compete in the Olympics.
 Hi, how are you?
 That's great, I go back even further. lol Kareem Abdul Jabbar is my favorite all time player.  Nobody dunked like him!
 Well done.  It's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 Ditto. The united states has almost as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of the world combined.
 Ice. I think I would sweat a lot and the ice would help!
 I think ice would be the most fun, but it would also be hard to learn to skate AND play the sport at the same time!
 Agreed. I have skated a lot and could never play hockey.
 I've only roller skated and discovered I'm super clumsy that way. Ice skating takes a whole different kind of balance. I do better when the ice is melted - can't fall down if I'm swimming in it!
 Good thing you decided on swimming in school then!
 Good morning! How are you? I am a sports fan, what about you?
 I like all sports to watch. To participate it would be swimming, but just for fun. No way I could compete in a dolphin like swimming style with my arms and legs bound.
 No I dont think I could either. Did you hear about kareem abdul jabbars dunking?
 He was just so dominant with it that they banned the dunk for  over a decade.
 Thats awesome. Go U.S.A. Did you know that all cornell university students have to pass a swimming test before they can graduate?
 Well it doesnt hurt to be able to swim. Im sure if there is some reason likemedically you cant swim then they will let you slide.
 I would say from swimming a lot and figuring out the fastest way to swim. Lol. They beat the british with that stroke though. The british only used the breast stroke.
 Good for them. I think they were smart beyond their years. Swimming is a top recreational sport, so it seems its popularity has been around a long time.
 Yep. Anywhere there is water people swim. With our competitive nature we are bound to turn it into sport.
 I would have to agree with you on that one. Swimming lessons are even part of education lessons in some countries.
 My school actually had a swimming pool in middle school. I think it is an important thing for people to learn. 
 I agree. I think it is better safe than sorry. That's for sure. 
 It sure is. Well I better get some stuff done around here. Have a nice day.
 You as well. Thanks for chatting.
 I do watch basketball on occasion. Which is your favorite team?
 A very good program at that university indeed.
 Ha Ha!!! That is very funny. I also read somewhere that the New Zealand basketball team has a nickname. Do you happen to know what they are called?
 Hi, how are you?
 Good. Looking forward to the Superbowl. I enjoy the game, but I'm a bit envious over the idea that the players earn so much money to play a game. If fact, in most states, the highest paid state employee is a football or bbal coach
 The cheerleaders. I would be a hockey fan if there were cheerleaders for that sport. But they would distract the players from the puck.
 I hope they win. I think cheerleaders would slip too much on the ice...
 That would be enjoyable to watch. I grew up near the border of canada, and hockey is big there. You know, in the 1st olympic winter games, the canadian hockey team scored 132 goals while only allowing 3? Amazing!
 Hockey is the national sport of canada. Although so is lacrosse. How did they get two?
 I wonder if the basketball court on top of the supreme court has ice under the floors. They call it the highest court in the land. If the ice melted, they would have a real problem
 yeah, the notorious RBG would slip and break a hip! 
 She is single-handedly responsible for maintaining the Zamboni. I wonder if the New Zealand basketball team, the Tall Blacks, have ever played on the highest court.
 She might try to take out a few conservative justices so they should watch out!
 Yeah, but her moves on the court might get banned, like the dunk was banned from the college game because of Kareem Abdul Jabar.
 If she got her own shoe, would they be banned like Jordan's were?
 Sure! After all, if the inventor of basketball had a losing record as coach for kansas, then anything is possible!
 Sure. I even like college swimming.I especially like the race where the hands and feet are bound as they flop around like a dolphin  in the water.
 Its called the Flipper crawl I think... LOL  The native Americans introduced the front crawl to the west. But their hands and feet were not bound.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, I don't watch basketball
 Yeah but then again with guys like Phelphs that is no surprise. Nice chatting with you
 I usually download albums through amazon music! I love linkin park.
 Wow, that is quite a goal. Well, if you want to get into it, I hope you can. It was great talking with you. Have a blessed day.
 Have you watched any of the Marvel shows on Netflix?  I really enjoy Daredevil.
 It was disturbing well theres also the Punisher that one is great but also a bit graphic and dark 
 Honestly, it is the only thing I hae seen him in, but I have liked him in this role quite a bit
 He is a great actor.  I cannot imagine anyone else as the Kingpin
 I grew up on the X-men.  But Stan Lee created so many others like Fantastic Four and Spider-man that I love as well
 Well, he had a good run.  And because of him a lot of people have enjoyed great stories for years
 It is good to see them working together.  Good talking to you.
 Haha that's a good theory. Do you have a theory on why the dunk was banned from college basketball for over 10 years? From what I heard it was because Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was too good at it haha
 I think they won haha! Apparently they only let in like three goals for the entire winter Olympics
 I did lol. I'm 32 so that was my first gaming system. Apparently, it was discontinued in Japan back in 2003. 
 haha that's funny. Did you know Ronald Reagan was once rejected from a movie role because the executive didn't think he fit the presidential look...LOL?
 Yep - me too. Good talking to you!
 Indeed. Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports: Hockey and lacrosse.
 I believe it was 8 pounds. Anyways, that is still insane. I can barely even lose 5 pounds on a diet!
 I should give it a listen. I assume the album is available on CD, vinyl, and tape.
 Same! The 80s are hard to beat. Lynkin Park's hybrid theory album was great. No surprise it is the best selling of the 21st century.
 I love pink floyd. They have stood the test of time. As has NWA. Straight outta compton is a classic and the first to reach platinum status without a tour.
 nice meeting you too! have a good one!
 Yes, they even beat the British with it, because the British only ever used the breaststroke! That's so cool.
 Yes, I really enjoy ice hockey. It's the national sport of Canada, along with lacrosse.
 No, I haven't. I'm not really into superhero series. Though I thought Jessica Jones was okay.
 Yeah, I usually run out of content to watch for a few days but it gives me a little break. Then new content is available for me to stream. So I don't usually have use for the DVDs.
 I'd like to check that out. Garfield is hilarious.
 Wow, that's amazing. What great memories.
 So does that means most people are up later at night watching Netflix,? I think it is really cool how netflix was created because of a late vhs fee ...lol
 i know, its a huge company. With 137 million total subscribers worldwide. I know other companies are starting to pop up now too such as Hulu..sling etc. but netflix is the best i think so far. so much better than renting videos. 
 I didn't mean to send that message so quickly, got a little click happy. I also subscribe to amazon Music but that's an extra fee every month unfortunately. Same to you, it's been nice talking with you. Have a nice rest of the day!
 Thank you. Have a good Day. Enjoy your superman movies
 As well at least you tried it. Nice chatting with you
 I bet she has been in pixar's secret room for celebrities.
 Yeah. He really opened the doors for celebrities to voice over cartoons. I love trying to figure out who the voices of cartoons are. 
 Really? I feel like that is not worth it... I would hold out for a few #1s and a few shakes.
 Ditto!
 I think it was Carol Burnette! I'm glad she started an awesome trend, because that show was definitely a big part of my childhood.
 It sounds like she is!  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
 Or riding bikes or swimming really fast once you shave everywhere.
 Yeah, from time to time, they are not that much fun. It was nice chatting with you
 Wow thats good I like when the days go much longer
 I love them. And the variables in the time everything springs up is amazing to watch
 Yes and the way they hasve changed and emerged since records have been kept is amazing also.
  Over 1.5 million living animal species have been describedof which around 1 million are insectsbut it has been estimated there are over 7 million animal species in total. Thats mind boggling. lol
 Its hard to say but n 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights. Thats pretty cool. 
 Absolutely and the way people treat ani8mals says so much about them . 
 Sure been good talk to ya later
 We should really use solar energy more, that the future, if we can really learn how to harness it our energetic problems would be over and the planet would appreciate it. 
 I loved ms Doubfire too!! He also was the first famous actor to do voices in animated films!
 It looks like, she was the first one. And Robin williams did a voice in aladdin, remember that?
 Cool, talking about animated, did you know Pixar has a room for celebrities?
 I saw it once in the bonus features of Toy story, is pretty cool!
 Yes, and I love tennis, I did not know she was of the owners of Miami Dolphins
 she is also good with languages! she speaks french and Italian fluently!
 That is amazing!!! she has been number 1 on 2002 and 2017! 
 It is true!! It has been nice talking to you!
 Interesting! And his favorite superhero was Spiderman! I prefer Tupac actually, though.
 Yes, let's have a rematch! Haha!
 Wow. What an amazing fact! And here I was excited that Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people you get a free whopper.
 Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun information today.
 So did I, thank you it was an enjoyable chat.
 Keep learning and enjoying great stories like 43 year old goldfish. Goodbye
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 They are putting the constitution out there for everyone to have input, not just those who hold certain positions
 Yes, all citizens of Iceland can make suggestions and alterations to it
 I don't believe that :) I think there is couple of scientists who figured it out, but they kept it to themselves and they are immortal ! :) 
 yes it would :) looking forward to it ! :) people would start sword fighting like in "Highlander" ;) lol
 lol ;) hey thanks for chatting ! It was a pleasure ! :)
 Same here. Have a nice day.
 Hi, I do. One of my favorite things to do. what about you?
 That is pretty fast. I would love to ride it!. Have you been to Japan?
 i have not, but when one goes have to save money for the tolls!
 I bet those are beautiful highways! did yo know there is a website where yo ca find people who will let you sleep in their couch?
 I agree I wouldn't either! There are people who do strange things, when traveling, like stealing gnomes!
 that is cool!Did you know that back in the age of discovery, people is ships released rabbits in the islands? Do you know why?
 It was thinking of future travelers , as a food source for them... that was sort of nice!
 Not much! but there are funny facts about politics!
 Really? I found very funny hurricanes in Australia were named after politicians, weather men did not like!
 did you know in the 60's there was a movement to replace politicians with scientist and engineers?
 I did not know that. It was great talking to you.
 Very funny.  Have a good night!
 Haha that's a good point. Apparently there is a candy desk in the US Senate. It's been there since 1968. I want to attack that desk eat all the candy haha
 That is shocking about JFK. I get a laugh that the citizens of Austin Texas rename their garbage dump Fred Durst after a vote LOL
 I like wildes famous last "my wallpaper and i are fighting a duel to the death. one or other of us has got to go"
 well I do know that Nixon cracked a 165 year old senate gavel haha, what about yoU?
 yup it was Barbara Mikulski and Carol Moseley, good for them!
 I heard about that, he said "because republicans buy shoes too" and i like that, celebs should stay out of politics
 wow, that must have been scary. nice chat
 I enjoy a solid epic space opera franchise.
 I don't know much about the original trilogy.     I do enjoy the original two sequels though.
 That is difficult to believe!  I wish I knew more about Darth Sidious from Episode I and Solo.
 I would guess some of the Ramones 2263 concerts were in bars with almost no listeners!
 Who knows!    Thanks for the chat.    I want to go see some pictures from the Kepler Space Telescope.
 I enjoyed chatting!
 ya that is true, I do like Pink Floyd a lot, what about you? I guess they did a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater
 ah yes I do like Deep Purple too, I guess when Pink Floyd did that concert they did it to an empty area, there was no audience in the amphitheater
 I do like The Ramones. 
 Yes and Aliens which I love. He is great. George Lucas says that the Star Wars story we are seeing is told by R2D2 about a 100 years after Return of the Jedi.
 Yeah that is the website that published secret documents from the government
 That was amazing.  I wonder if it really happened or it was fake news.  Anyway, I've got to run. Nice chatting with you!
 They perform at the Kennedy Center in DC. They had a really great performance recently.
 It was quite transcendent. We all have the innate desire to dance. Babies do it instinctively.
 That is funny, how babies  just start dancing to the music, they seem to love music and love dancing, they are just so cute
 Probably just get a huge box shipped out once a month when they buy in bulk. 
 THey mimic everything! Yeah, pick a sound and stick with it!
 Dance is an art of selected sequences of human movement.
 I figured as much.  He was such an innovator in the field of dance.  It doesn't surprise me that he has a patent.
 Yes. some birds fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating.
 The elephant birds do not have wings.
 Yes. Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct their nests.
 Jazz is the music originated in US
 That's nice.  Been good chatting with you this morning, I need to head off to work, now.  
 Yeah I heard he sold it not just once but twice. He must be a pretty good con man. He sounds like my brother in law.
 Yup no candy for him. They probably have to give out candy because that's the only way they can get some senators to show up.
 Exactly. They act like kids so we have to treat them like kids.
 I can understand. I also like both.
 Take Tom Brady, Patriots long-time QB for example. Sometimes when he makes an accurate throw, his movement syncs with the ball, which flies magically right to a receiver, and the receiver's leap is just like a dance movement. 
 No I didn't know that, but very interesting.  Well it's been nice chatting, I hope you have a nice day!
 not really... never been a big fan of reading!  You ever been to a book club?
 i have no clue! That's funny about romantic kissing being fairly recent
 Yea, a jack terrier that does not resemble a wolf at all lol
 I do.  I have one.  Did you know that dogs aren't colorblind?  They just can't see as many different colors as humans.
 You know, I always wondered if my dogs could see color or not.  
 Now you know.  lol  Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.  There's another fact for you.  lol
 I know for a fact my dogs understand pointing.  They're both so smart!
 Yes.  Speaking of cats, Google prefers dogs to cats as stated in their code of conduct that states they are a dog company.
 Stellar point!  Always figured Google was pro dog!
 lol  I was surprised to have recently found out there is 12 different blood types for dogs and that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives.  Who would have known?
 Yes they are.  In Istanbul they have a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. 
 Somewhat.  It was an Olympic event from 1912-1952.  I don't know how you turn that into a sport?  lol
 I wouldn't want to be a judge.  lol  In 1953 Sir Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature.  Never knew that.
 Yes.  Me too.  I would like to see the annual contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. lol  That would be funny.
 Yes, it would!
 I have to get going nice chatting!
 Yes because they parodies their anti-democratc party agenda. Nice chatting with you.
 Hello! I loved Linkin Prk, even though I haven't seen them since 2001.
 Yaks politics today is really weird so I wouldn't hold my breath haha.
 Yeah. And interacting with them probably helped shape our society too. I like cats because they're mostly unchanged from their wild ancestors -- a lot less than dogs.
 Nice talking to you!
 Hello - how are you doing today?
 If America had that, I would definitely use it. And I would point to the machine and the dog would know, an elephant too, I suppose.
 It's a very good way to recycle plastic bottles. I don't think we have a stray dog problem though.
 Same to you!
 I think it's Grand Old Party? Did you hear about the Bull Moose Party? It was made by a Teddy Roosevelt and other progressive Republicans
 no I didn't know that.
 hahahhha. nice chat
 It is funny! poor Dumbo didnt know why he was getting rejected.
 Oh, I did not know that. it was nice chatting with you
 hello,  yes I love music.  How about yourself?
 Same here.
 I'm good!  Do you like reading?
 I do like reading. What about you?
 I do!  Do you like science fiction?
 Not much.  Starship Troopers however is the first sci-fi novel that's on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.
 That's fast!  Bet she read a lot of books!  The FDA once burned 6 tons of literature in act of US censorship.
 Interesting!  I wonder if any of those were burned by the FDA? lol
 Sir Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature.  I never knew that.
 Neat.  Speaking of contests...literature was once an olympic event from 1912 to 1952.
 Who would have thought that?  It was rarely mentioned in Greek Literature.
 I know of him, but wouldn't say I know much about him.  He coined some popular phrases that are still used today.
 I never knew that!  Interesting!  He was alive at the same time as Pocahontas and they died only a year apart.
 It was good talking to you!
 Hello  how are you?  Do you like reading?Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches
 The michigan state university library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world
 Yes. Country music is also know as country and western music. It take root from genres from  Folk music.
 Guitar is a musical instrument that has six strings which is played by plucking the strings. There are so many guitars.
 The legend George strait and the wealthiest man in the world Jeff bezos are cousins.
 Sure. George is great musician and both are family friends. That all only.
 Henry ford helped the popularization of country music to make popular world wide. 
 Sure. Album is a collection of audio songs in CD, DVD. The music was developed in early 20th century.
 24K is my favourite album. What about you ?
 Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label.
 It is very interesting.
 Yes. The famous American rock brand formed in 1972. 
 Yeah but guitars shouldnt just be for one use. Eddie van halen did the solo for beat it. And it turned out pretty good
 Hi! I love reading! In fact, Starship Troopers is on my reading list because it's the first Sci-Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches! What about you?
 I did actually and am a huge fan of his! You know, he even invented the names Olivia, Miranda and Jessica which I found fascinating to discover that!
 Yes, he was a great influence on musicians on both side of the Atlantic
 Yes, he even played on cardboard boxes and used rolled up newspapers on snare drums
 It looks like Slim Harpo and Lazy Lester collaborated well
 The Fabulous Thunderbirds recorded three of his songs, and that led the revival.
 Lester was even inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame and he was featured in a Geico commercial.
 What a way to cap a career.
 haha  its linkin park's hybrid theory, I would not have guessed!
 wow that is wild, I like pink floyd a lot, what about you?
 ah ya you have to get into it and then you start appreciating more of their work, dark side of the moon is their best known album probably followed by the wall, but they have a lot of other great songs
 He is an amazing guitarist, but that's impressive.  I am a big fan of harder rock/metal music and it seems like Eddie Van Halen really put guitar virtuosity on the map!
 ya he did, I miss those days where that kind of music is popular, if he came out with that kind of music nowadays it wouldn't be mainstream which I think is sad
 yup thats a good point, I don't like country, I just can't take it seriously
 hmmm well I'll have to check that out, speaking of country I didn't know george strait and jeff bezos are cousins
 haha ya although with bezos getting divorced and losing half his money, that definitely could have bad consequences for george
 Hi. I am such a reading buff. I love how language is processed into comprehension and all of the nuances involved.
 Ah, I like to read books as well although they are all fiction ones.
 Well, Churchill did have some excellent speeches during world war II. I greatly respect him.
 Do you have a favorite shakespeare book? I really enjoyed Julius Caesar.
 Imagine if he lived until 80. Maybe he would have created so much more different unique phrases!
 I wonder what they would do with a skull. Anyways, nice chatting with you!
 Yep, nice chatting with you too!
 I hope I will be remembered as fondly as Shakespeare someday.
 Haha, hopefully, I wish that too! Bye!
 Lazy Lester, a Louisiana-born singer and harmonica player whose rough and rollicking style of swamp blues influenced musicians on both sides of the Atlantic, died Aug. 22
 And though Lester, born Leslie Johnson, protested in one song, they call me Lazy  goodness knows Im only tired,
 but I didnt have an idea it would be so big, Lester told the San Antonio Express-News in 1999.
 A popular Texas band, the Fabulous Thunderbirds, recorded three of Lesters songs and revived interest in his music
 A popular Texas band, the Fabulous Thunderbirds, recorded three of Lesters songs and revived interest in his music
 The guitar is a fretted musical instrument that usually has six strings. It is typically played with both hands by strumming or plucking the strings with either a guitar pick or the finger(s)/fingernails of one hand,
 An album is a collection of audio recordings issued as a collection on compact disc (CD), vinyl, audio tape, or another medium
 Country music legend george strait and the wealthiest man in the world jeff bezos are cousins. There are only 2 african americans in the country music hall of fame.
 Two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.?
 Country music legend george strait and the wealthiest man in the world jeff bezos are cousins.
 The fender stratocaster was intended for country music.
 Lester worked construction, cut timber and drove trucks. In 1975?
 which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century. In 2009 in the United States,
 he moved to Pontiac, Mich., where he met blues promoter Fred Reif.  Article Section 4
 Queen's guitarist, brian may, has a phd in astrophysics.
 the 1988 Blues Foundation award as Best Contemporary Blues Album. In 2015, Lester was inducted
 The fender stratocaster was intended for country musi
 Despite being released over 40 years ago, the dark side of the moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014.
 thank you happy weekend
 Yeah, I heard that. Glad he didn't. I heard his favorite character is Spiderman.
 Maybe there is some fine print in the phones when we get them. nice chat
 Hahaha, I hear they do that in Korea a lot! 
 I love horror films. 
 I definitely watch youtube. Do you?
 So true! Ha!  Speaking of educational, I enjoy astronomy videos and just learning about astronomy in general. It's amazing because through astronomy, they were able to figure out the date Odysseus took back the throne of Ithaca was April 16th 1178 BC. It's amazing what astronomy teaches us!
 So true and it is! It's fascinating. In fact, even the ancient Babylonians were able to track planets like Jupiter with mathematical precision. They indeed had a sophisticated understanding of astronomy!
 It is, Isn't it? It's amazing how professional astronomy is split into two different fields and yet the two fields compliment each other perfectly, Isn't it?
 with astronomy really. nice chat
 I love cinematography. One of my favorite DPs, Roger Deakins, has been nominated 14 times -- and but won only once for Bladerunner 2049 last year. 
 Stanley Kubrick did most of the cinematography for Spartacus, but wasn't listed as the official DP. So when then Oscars rolled around and the movie got a nomination, Kubrick wasn't named. 
 Depends on the film, but yeah. Speaking of Kubrick, he made on of the all time greats -- The Shining. The child actor who played Danny didn't know he was in a horror film until several years later. 
 Also if you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art you're supposed to enjoy the art more. Wonder who did the study to figure that out? Sounds like a studio gimmick. 
 Pixar studios has a secret room that celebrities visit. I had a friend who worked there and he said there were tons of secret rooms, especially for animators and writers. 
 Yeah, I agree. Toy Story 2 and Inside Out make me cry every time! Did you know Robin Williams' work in Aladdin started the trend for big name actors to do animated films?
 That is crazy! Meanwhile teachers are making $35k. 
 It was good talking to you!
 I love Pixar movies, and would love to go in there. Have you heard about the happy old main in Ethiopia, who cooks for his village? He has a YouTube channel, Grandpa Kitchen.
 Yeah! Me too! No I have not heard of that. Does that mean he is a celebrity TV chef? I really admire those celebrities who use their status as a platform to promote good to society, like the old man who cooks for his village.
 He's not really a celebrity in the traditional sense. Just a wealthy, retired contractor who is trying to help curb the hunger problem, by cooking more diverse foods. You should really check out his channel.
 Yeah, it does have that quality about it. I'm really looking forward to LeBron making Space Jam 2. I live in the Akron area, and his premiere will be in Akron, and used for a fundraiser for his school I'm excited for that to happen;
 I'm sure he will be, as his production company is the one who will be in charge of it. Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful night.
 Probably. Did you know that all the highways in japan are toll roads. It costs them more than 300 to travel across country.
 Probably New York. I just drove through really but it was awesome to see the city at night like that. 
 I use it all the time. Anytime I need to learn how to do something there is a video for it.
 Google.com and youtube. Lol.
 That is really interesting. Did you know bill nye is executive director of the planetary society 
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 It looks like a mix of superheroes. A lot besides superman and batman.
 I think it was DC but it's a 50/50 guess lol.
 I will never know that feeling haha. Did you play nintendo back in they day? I was a SEGA guy.
 lol ;) this is a blast from the past :) my family was always into new technologies ;)
 that is true, I recommend you watch it. nice chatting with you
 haha I do because I live nearby! It's MSU and it is the largest public comic book collection in the world!
 That is really interesting it was nice chatting with you
 I would have to say DC comics only because of Batman, I love Batman, its crazy how high the comic market is valued at the US and Canada.
 Definitely Christian Bale, too bad he didnt make more movies, I thought he was just great.
 I see, he was a great batman as well, did you happen to watch the Wonder Woman movie, the latest one?
 I liked it, I thought it was pretty good, specially because the movie explained her past and how she came to be Wonder Woman.
 There definetely will, there is a tough competition from Marvel although I like Marvel movies a lot more.
 No I didn't know that, and yeah you can't get away with doing that these days, people are smarter.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good night. 
 Well, that's creative! I would like to see that. Poems are so interesting to hear!
 Yes, all kinds of talent there! lol  Poets write in verse form and rhyme and focuses on the use of speech in drama, song and comedy!
 You too! Have a great day!!
 I can't say. Some people are just pure genius. So every time you say a phrase like Good riddance. Laughing Stock. Wild Goose Chase or As luck would have it, you can thank William Shakespeare. 
 Thank you, you too! I learned a lot of new and interesting things today. Keep learning!
 Yes interesting.  Would have likedd to se lewis and tolkien in their "you laugh you lose" competions.
 don't know about speed reading  Have tried techniques though by focusing on a finger down the middle of page.
 Yes thank you.  Fun and interesting/  Have a great day!
 No but I am going to try it. nice chat
 Nothing like hedging your bets.  I used Google recently after seeing the movie Annihilation, I found out that the movie maker had made a previous film called Ex Machina.
 Probably.  I cut my cable a couple of years back and now use Netflix.  Saves a fortune, and I'm not paying for things I don't want to watch.
 That is such a great way of saving. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot.
 Same here, just remember to enjoy sharks at a distance or on TV, not up close and personal.
 Haha. Great advice and I will let you know if I find any that can bark.
 Hello - I also watch a lot of Netflix. I have a free account through T Mobile.
 I did not but I would absolutely love to have that job. I love Netlfix and I love organizing things. It seems like the dream job. 
 ya the creator was mad because he got a $40 late fee for renting apollo 13 haha
 They can? I would piss my pants if that ever happened and im deep in the sea.
 Hello,  do you like Marvel Comics?  I am actually watching the Avengers right now lol Did you know Marvel created a super hero called blue ear that wore hearing aids?
 Haha. That's neat, too. Walt Disney owns Marvel now. They own a lot of things!
 Is block buster still around anywhere?
 It's still a good option for people, like me who has a DVD player in my van! haha have a great weekend!
 Right on! hope you have a great view of the river from your van. Have a good weekend yourself.
 hahahahaha good one! RIP Farley
 Ah that brings me back. In fact, there was a blockbuster near where I live right now. The only remaining blockbusters are thriving in Alaska.
 Ah, now that is a hard choice. It is probably Thanos because of all the memes  circulating him. 'Thanos Truck'
 I agree.  It's hard not to enjoy the work of Stan Lee.  That man was a genius.
 Very nice gesture on both sides!
 I like the name the military gave to their special developed cold weather boots, "bunny boots", kind of a friendly and cute sounding name, for a group that is trained to kill.
 Yes, thank you too.  Have a good day!  Bye!
 I know. I listen to a military podcast and you can hear the hurt in their voices. I love watching the military member come back to surprise their kids though...
 I have a family friend who was in Vietnam. Love looking at his collection of medals. 
 I have that and a MacBook pro. I love Apple. I also own the stock but that has nothing to do with anything but capitalism; I also own Microsoft and they have performed better than Apple.
 That seems terribly inefficient... I wonder why they chose to do that. I would love to go to iceland to see the northern lights...
 haha me too!  I heard that they wore clothes that were full of color.  Surprised me because I always thought of them as wearing black and white.
 I've never seen those.  I wonder if they are valuable as a collectible now?
 lol  I bet they find some nice clothes to resell.  Sounds like a good business model. 
 Never heard of them.  I would be a little nervous quality wise and how they were mad.  Heard about slave factories in North Korea.  Do you have any boots?
 oh man.  You live in the snow too.  I live in the snowbelt just south of Lake Erie. I have boots too and feel your pain.  The Nokia company originally by making rubber boots in the 1800's and they still make them to this day.
 That is interesting!  A man stopped to get his boots cleaned in Paris in 1938.  As a result of standing still for 7 minutes, both he and the cleaner became the first people in history to be photographed.  I've seen that photo before.  They didn't even know they were being photographed because they were part of a bigger picture of the neighborhood.
 I love traveling!  The Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph!  I would travel more regionally if I could take that and get where I was going safely.
 That would be expensive!  I want to go to Mackinac Island in Michigan where they banned all motorized vehicles for over 100 years.  Sounds like a relaxing place.
 oh man.  lol that would be terrible.  I didn't think of that.  The first king to travel around the world was King KalaKaua of Hawaii.  I bet the saw some amazing things.
 I would love to go there.  But, ouch that would be pretty pricey.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you!
 Exactly. How fun to take super short plane trips from town to town
 I have not. I enjoy the series Luther and MindHunter
 I know that there were several nominated. I love the Marvelous Mrs. Maizel. Can you believe that people just tag content on Netflix? What a job!
 Hi! Yes, I love Netflix. In fact, I'm proud to say I'm one of the reasons Netflix accounts for 33% of all the North American bandwidth from 9pm to 12am. How about you?
 I'm sure we could find out by visiting the library at Michigan State University as it contains the biggest comic book collection available to the public in the world! That is amazing!
 I love Marvel as well! I became a fan after hearing about the Blue Ear superhero they created for the 4 year old who was uncomfortable wearing hearing aids. He once told his mom "superheroes don't wear hearing aids" and Marvel created the hero for him. That was so sweet if them. Well it was great chatting with you as well! 
 Yes, in theme parks. Did you know there is a superhero called Blue ear? Marvel created it for a 4 year old boy who wore a hearing aid! Very cool.
 I have not, but it sounds like an exciting show!
 Yeah, that would make a good tv reality show. The study of animals is called zoology so maybe that can be part of the tv show name? Ya know the Loch Ness Monster was given protected species status in 1912, so we have come pretty far with jokes.
 Hi, how are you?
 Do you travel a lot? If so, it sounds like it would be worth the investment...
 So true! I enjoy travelling by car and train. I hate boats and planes because I get motion sickness. How about you?
 I hate planes. I fly a few times a year but I hate the turbulence. Where is the best place you've visited?
 I love Bangor, ME where stephen king lives. He was inspired to get into the horror genre after seeing disney's Bambi. So weird!
 I can't even imagine using airplanes as a substantial mode of transportation! I prefer places like Mackinac Island where there are no vehicles at all.
 Did you know that off the top of your head? The Rotten tomatoes scores...
 I follow rotten tomatoes closely. I never see a movie without checking it first. I find it to be very reliable.
 I'll have to try that!
 nice chatting with you
 Thats an interesting and funny fact.Ive also heard that sharks have been known to rescue sailors as dolphins do.I couldnt imagine being rescued by a shark.
 Thats very considerate in The Netherlands.In Germany animals have constitutional rights
 Governments can be good for some things.The Norwegian government donated 1 billion to save the amazon rainforest.
 I guess the shark owes a debt of gratitude to the celebrities of China for reducing their consumption.
 Im glad some one is looking out for the sharks protection
 I would love to live there. I love to fly
 Nice chatting with you as well. Hope to meet you again
 Hi, how are you?
 Or that the dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to go 160!
 As long as the fans think it is ok, I guess it is fine but you're right. Seems t be a joke. I used to love the transformers. 
 I loved the Harry Potter and Simpsons stuff there. I went like 3 years ago and want to go back. 
 There might be in a small town in georgia or something. Nich chatting with you!
 No but that's a good thing! I'm glad he didn't know because he would be really very messed up, it's good that he saw it several years later once he was older
 I have cats now but I've had many dogs. I love all animals. 
 Another great idea. We should absolutely implement that here. There is no downside. 
 And it just doesn't make sense that they would not be able to see colors LOL. Are you happy that Google is a dog company? It's stated in their code of conduct
 Yea, dogs are pretty awesome and were the first species to be domesticated
 Have you seen the photos of the Revolutionary War-era ship in main? Sometimes it's visible, mostly during storms.
 I love shipwrecks. Somewhere off the east coast, there are four steam engines, and you can dive there.
 That was in Galveston. A friend lives there, and said it was mayhem at the beach when the hurricane uncovered it.
 I adore Dean Koontz. Dogs are my favorite things, they are fascinating creatures, and they can donate blood to other doggs.
 Those are so cool, I would love to go to one. Google is a dog company, and you can bring your buddy to work with you.
 Yes, they have been.  Hey, great chatting with you.
 Good afternoon, no I've never been ice fishing.  I live in Florida and ice fishing holds no appeal to me! Lol
 Yes, I love to fish, fresh or salt doesn't matter.  Never cleaned them, let my husband do that job!
 That sounds delicious.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon about fish.  Hope you enjoy the rest of your Friday!
 They probably caught an icecube even 30 below is too cold for the fish lol I didnt know that. Do you know which is the only fish with a neck
 Did you ever see the film finding nemo, thats a classic?
 I didnt even know that so what was the point of the videos?
 Yeah.  It's also great that baseball managers are able to play for their teams if they are needed.
 You too!  Thank you for the chat!  Have a good day!
 Canada is actually also known for lacrosse. 
 It's still played on ice, but with a ball instead of a puck. 
 It's been a pleasure.
 Yes! Ice Hockey ring.
 Yes definitely! I love how shoes are designed for all purposes, for example there are specific shoes for mountaineering or skiing.
 Yeah definitely I want to I want to know they're made of? If you have stinky shoes just put dry teabags in there, they absorb the stinky smell.
 If that is the case make sure you bring lots of teabags! Apple even had a clothing line in 1986.
 You too bye!
 Hello!  Do you follow any celebrities?
 A little bit.  Pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities.  Wonder what's in there?
 LOL  That's funny!  The highest paid celebrity is kind of surprising.  It's Judge Judy who makes $123,000 per episode.  A lot of people must be tuning it to watch her for them to be able to pay her that.  That's nuts.
 Right?  lol  Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities doing voices in animated films when he did Aladdin.
 Oh wow.  I didn't know that!  Speaking of another first...Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 I did.  Do they still make new episodes?
 It has to be a one of the longest running shows I would think.  On another topic....did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986?  I had no idea.
 LOL  That's funny!  Pilgrims wore clothes that were full of color and only wore black for special occasions.  I don't think I've ever seen a drawing/image of a pilgrim wearing anything other than black and whie.
 I think you're right.  There's a store in Alabama that only sells items that were found in unclaimed baggage at airports.  Wonder if they have to pay for that stuff or if they get it for free to resell?
 Wow.  That's pretty incredible.  My shoes smell really bad.  Do you have any tips to help them not smell?
 Wow.  I'll have to try that!  Thanks for the good tip!  It's been a pleasure chatting with you.  Have a good day!
 I find that interesting.  But that time was 4.5 billion years ago.  Presumably the day is getting longer since then and will continue to lengthen. The density of the earth is interesting.
 Wait, Humans lost body hair 240,000 years ago. So, the last 17 seconds we would be pink, before that furry.
 Yes, humans are good at destruction.  Its like we have high levels of abstract reasoning, language, problem solving.  And the problem is all these forests.  Nuke from orbit is the only way to be sure.
 Hello inhabitant of the planet earth. Are you human or chimp? Specifically, are you homo sapien?
 Ha! Homo sapien, I believe. Which, I suppose, makes me pretty old -- at least 50,000 years since I started acting "modern."
 Have you lost all your hair? Most humans lost body hair about 240,000 years ago. If you are still hairy, you are quite old indeed.
 I am from the planet Doorlocke. We are hairless too. But wee have one difference with humans: There is no frequency of sound that causes us fear, unless you count the sound of an empty Pringles can, but that is less fear that sadness.
 Ah, the sound of sadness is a sad sound indeed. Hey, Doorlockean, what happens when you get a rib shortened? We humans can regrow one just as strong as the original one, and in just two to three months.
 We are snail-shaped, and without ribs, so, we've got that going for us. I guess we are earlier of the evolutionary tree that you are.If your history was viewed as a 24-hour day, humans would occupy only 1 minute and 17 seconds. We would occupy much less. About 4 bleems and a nibblet.
 A moon. I have heard of this hazing ritual. I come from a planet that circles a star that is so cold, you can touch it with your hand. It is called Cold Rock of the Sun. We do not/have not moon.
 Ah, great thinker... We have such a great thinker in our ancestry. He was the Great Snail-o-pithicus. He postulated that the universe may be one giant superhologram. Since we do not know what a hologram is, we blindly accepted the inane ramblings of this drunken master as fact. Now we are begining to suspect it was all fake news.
 Your immense intellect has reminded me of why I have come to your planet. We need help with a profound mystery. It appears that the a region of space may be pulling galaxies outside of the known universe. I believe you call this location, "Cleveland"
 Ha! Are you saying Cleveland sucks? I wonder if we shouldn't run in away then. We humans are among the best distance runners, at least compared to other animals here on Earth.
 "Run away" That is a concept difficult for a space-snail to appreciate. Our scientists theorize that the universe evolves, much like species on earth do. Someday, all men will be like DOnald Trump, and all women will be like Nancy Pelosi. I fear our species will never achieve such advanced evolutionary stae.
 I met someone named "Buzz" who had a friend named "Woody" - Could this be your earth's ambassador? It was along time ago, back when our planet was new and each day was only 5.5 hours long, similar to when your planet was new.
 Or plant has no remaining forests, and our helium reserves are so low, our balooons no longer float. Before I depart, I must collect some of Earths remains helium supply before that disappears as well. I also want a Happy Meal.
 Thank you for your kindness. Now if you could point the way to a sushi bar, I will be on my way. Nanu nanu.
 That would be interested. Nice chatting with you.
 Hello, Do you know There are at least 2 trillion galaxies in the observable universe?
 I did not know that. Have you read the book mentioned in my article, "Origin Story"?
 Sorry, i do not know about that. 
 I'm talking about the universe.
 Of course I am interested, Please explain me.
 I am very interested in knowing the universe. But it knows little about it.
 Of course, The mere fact that we live in a universe boggles my mind every once in a while. 
 Yes, I I've heard A new theory posited by a group of physicists presents the possibility that our universe is nestled inside a black hole.
 I do not know completely. I've shared some of the things I've heard.
 That's nice. Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only astronomical object known to harbor life.
 I have not seen so far. Have you ever seen?
 Wow! it's amazing, Can you say a little about the experience?
 Yes, that's nice. Thank you very much. 
 I am good too. I am reading about Human and facts. Did you knowHumans are adapted for persistence hunting making them among the best distance runners among all running animals. 
 I agree but I wonder for what reason someone would need their rib shortened in you know?
 when the earth first formed a day was only 5.5 hours...how do they even know this lol although that would be kinda cool if humans only had to work like 2 hours a day. 
 I am not sure really  whats yours?
 I love Orca's,  Octopus' and Sharks. 
 Awesome its been good talking to ya give us a good rating
 You too!
 Yes I am!  I always wondered if the universe may exist in a black hole.
 lol  Me neither.  I always thought that they were a bad thing.  lol  They say that there is a cold spot in the cosmic microwave background that has been theorized to be a link to a parallet universe.  Pretty deep huh?  lol
 I agree.  If you were to fold a piece of paper in half 103 times it would be as thick as the observable universe.  (the little cartoon bubble just went off over my head saying "now you know...."  lol)
 Oh man.  I love that show!  It never gets old.  Did you know that Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago?
 Yes I agree.  I didn't know that Jupiter saves Earth from many asteroids heading towards it.  That makes sense.
 Yes.  If Earth's entire history was viewed in a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.  We're just a blip on the history of the Earth.
 Yes.  The direction of the Earth's magnetic field reverses every 200 to 300 thousand years.  Would that make rivers flow in different directions then?
 I'm not sure if that's magnetic or gravity.  I'm thinking magnetic because a friend of mine has been south of the equator to South America.  Have you ever noticed when you flush a toilet and the water will swirl one way?  He said in South America the water swirled opposite of here in the states.
 Me too.  I don't think I'll ever get there unfortunately.  Speaking of gravity...the Hudson Bay region of Canada has been found to have less gravity than the rest of the Earth.  That's odd.
 Yeah that is really odd. It's been fun chatting about science with you!
 We should start a rumor on the internet.
 With the way the internet works these days I think it would spread like wildfire.
 Very much so , I loved it too. nice chat
 Hi, Oh I love it!! 
 sure, did you know there are cold stars?
 Wow it has to be amazing. i really admire people like Copernicus, Isaac Newton and more who have studied the universe and we have been able to learn from them!
 I hope so, because there are many questions, like the size of the universe, the number of galaxies, stars and to know what is beyond the visible universe!
 And the thing is that without leaving our planet, there is so many things to learn about our earth.. to learn about its inclination, why is important, about gravity  and the magnetic field among many other things
 Well there are many theories out there... but actually the earth's gravity interacts with the moon and the sun.. we can see evidence of the gravity's interaction with the moon
 Interesting!! well let me tell you I want to travel and get to know as many different, seas, mountains, lakes and rivers!! That is my favorite thing to do.. what about you?
 Yes and no place is like any other!! I also want to visit every island there exists! and even the Antartic
 that is right, there is always a need to be careful but try to control the fear!  by the way did you know there is a sound frequency that makes  a person feel fear?
 I bet they use it for horror movies!! Well there is a lot to learn about us as humans.. I really love to talk about science!
 Well I enjoyed too, have a good one!!
 I cannot imagine him doing it.  Perhaps he wanted to meet pretty ladies!
 Well I couldn't blame him! I also can't blame babies for dancing to music, apparently they will smile and move to the beat when they hear a song
 That's cute.  I will want to watch my grand baby do it. Too bad she lives in another state.
 I like Samuel L Jackson.  Is he in both Incredibles?
 She is the voice of Violet Parr.  You are right, she is a political commentator.  Anyway, I've got to go now, my granddaughter is calling me.  It was nice chatting with you.  Good night.
 Yes nice chatting with you too, and she is also apparently a bestselling author, I'll checkout her work take care!
 Ya, you betcha. Give me a puck and a stick and you'll have a southerner trying to figure which end is up... You?
 Hahahah Nice! I'm the same way.  An average pro hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds per game.
 That explains why so many international hockey players are so fit! I saw in Sports Illustrated
 Ha!  An ice hockey ring remains under a basketball court when switching stadium sports.  That has to be a pain in the butt changing the floor.
 And I thought changing a diaper was tough... You know, hockey rinks used to only have one penalty box... But since fights would just continue in the box, teams lobbied for two boxes  to preserve teeth.
 LOL ...to preserve teeth! Awesome! lol  A hockey player was traded for $1 in 1993 and he went on to win four Stanley Cups.  I have no idea what his name was.
 Hockey players could use every cup they can get... In 1932, the USA Olympic hockey team lost to that hockey powerhouse, India
 LOL In 1924 the first Ollympic games, Canada scored 132 goals and let in only 3 during the entire competition.  They weren't playing around.
 Canadians are serious about their hockey!  Sometimes, the games get so hot, goalies spontaneously combust.  It happened once when puck hit a pack of matches in a goalie's pocket. Another reason I never smoked...
 That would have been funny to see.  Canada is the only country in the world with 2 national sports hockey and lacrosse. lol
 Nice. Not nice enough to make me want to be Canadian, but it is good that they have at least one thing to boast about!  Like the New England high school hockey team that beat the woman's USA Olympic team...
 lol  Are you a basketball fan?  I am...my favorite shot is the granny shot.
 In Texas, the Granny bow-hunting season starts in March. But Texans are proud of their Spurs, and that Tim Duncan!  He sacrificed money to stay in college for 4 years before dominating in the NBA!
 Nice!  Physicists probed that shoot granny style is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line.  That's why it's my shot.  I'm too short to get anywhere close to the hoop when the game is on.
 Sounds like you still got game!  Sadly, most NBA players are broke just 5 years after they retire from the game. 
 Isn't that incredible they can blow through that money?  Allen Iverson will never have to worry about it after he signed that big endorsement deal with Reebok that pays him $800,000 a year until he reaches 55 and then at that time he will receive a final lump sum payment of $32 million bucks!
 He's right there with Jordan...a dude so good, the Miami Heat, a team he only played against, retired Michael's Jersey number when Jordan retired. That's respect!   
 I never knew that.  Air Jordans were banned by the NBA.  Jordan wore them anyways because Nike was willing to pay the fine each game.  It's been fun chatting!
 And now Jordan is principle owner of the Hornets!  Thanks. I have enjoyed chatting with you too!
 Have a great night!
 Yes somewhat, I've actually heard about the superman called "normal-man" before even reading this.
 Not really. I more interested in particular players and enjoy how they play. Team name isn't really important for me. It would be fun to see a version of superman where superman was raised in Soviet Union. It sounds funny!
 Thank you for the conversation.
 I think he would be a good hire, I think Dwight Howard is a great player with a lot of experience. 
 I thought Vision was also one of the worthy ones,did you know that there is a comic series about the collateral damaged caused by superheroes.
 It is ironic lol, and yeah, maybe changing his technique will help him, I think he has a lot of talent and with inspiration he can be the player he once was.
 I've lived a time in DC, I recall when Jordan came out of retirement for a couple of years there, not at his peak but still better than most.
 
 Yes it was.
 Do you like any of the movies that came out in the summer of 2018>
 Yes.  I love them.  They are a good way to pass time in the winter months.
 I did.  Great movie.  I love those movies.  They just added a great superhero spinoff "Ant-Man and the Wasp" on Netflix.
 I remember seeing that somewhere.  The symbols and written script from that movie are based on an actual script called nsibdi.
 Tony Stark is worth $100 billion.  Black Panther crushed him bringing in $500 billion.  Whoa!  That's a huge difference.
 Who would have thought?  That franchise is the oldest and has been around for decades. Do you like comedies?  I love them.  Bill Burray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comeday.
 LOL  Weren't they going to call the character Black Leopard?
 Yes.  Do you like Stephen King?  He calls Bambi the first horror movie he saw.  That's kind of weird.
 I think they have a new version of 
 Yes.  It's on Netflix I think.  I love comedies.  I used to love watching 3rd Rock from the Sun back in the 90s.  It won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 It was great chatting with you!
 Have a good day!
 I'm glad they observed a moment of silence. It's important to recognize that life is more than sports.
 True, but sports help too, and it is good the Stanley Cup game continued as planned.
 I am more familiar with field hockey!
 I know Canada is still one of the best, although in the early days of the Winter Olympics they really dominated!
 Well, what would you expect when it is a national sport!     Canada has another sport at that level, don't they?
 Interesting.   I've always found multiple sports venues fascinating.
 Yes, quite an engineering feat!    Are you a fan of the nba?
 I've tried it, but never been able to master the underhand thing!    Perhaps I will go practice.   Thanks for the chat!
 Good morning!  Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Wow!  I didn't know that.  For some reasonTeddy Roosevelt once banned christmas trees from the white house.
 lol  That
 That's interesting!  Sorry I hit the return button before.  The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.  That seems kind of old technology now.
 Me too.  I haven't even seen any being sold at garage sales.  Did you know taht 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?  That's incredible.
 Makes sense.  In 2008 the Norwegian government donated 1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That's a lot of cash.  Hopefully it helped.
 I agree.  I wonder if anything would have been different if Hillary got elected?  I don't think the president has much control over the economy.
 I wonder that myself.  She won a grammy for best spoken word album for here book "It takes a Village".  
 lol  That's the funny!  She would adopt a southern drawl while she was campaigning the southern states.
 lol  I'm a fan of southern accents  Northern accents are just plain and boring I think.  
 I bet the snow birds are a pain in the butt.  lol  Although probably good for the local economy like restaurants, etc.
 I bet it does get crowded.  Well it was nice chatting with you.  Have a good morning!  :)
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good day!
 welcome
 I do a little bit!  I know that wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks.
 I never knew that!  I know George W. Bush had solar panels put back on the white house.
 That's smart. I'm glad he did that.
 Yes.  Wish I could put solar panels on my house and get away from having to pay the electric company.  Teddy Roosevelt was such a staunch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the white house!
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  The other 14 percent must be casinos? lol
 That's a lot of cash!  A man in France impersonated a gov't official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower not once, but twice!  lol
 I bet he was!  How could he not?  lol  Are you a fan of Hillary Clinton?
 I'm not a fan.   Hillary was the president of young republicans in college.  Funny how she switched sides.
 I know right?  She has a grammy award for best spoken word album for the audio recording of her book "It takes a village".
 It was good talking to you!
 Hi, how are you?
 I agree lol. Did you know the alternative name for the planet is tellus and telluris? 
 I wonder how it is holding up. The Societ Union's technology at that time couldn't have been good...
 I could use that for the bags under my eyes! And my face in general!!!! 
 HAHAHA. Can you imagine a human with a transparent head? Walking down a busy street in NYC and there's a dude with a transparent head? So weird!
 LOL that would be hilarious! Being able to see their brain and stuff. 
 Nice chatting with you!
 Ha ha, never heard of it.  What a party starter that would be!  Did you know that Scientists once considered Pluto a planet but no longer do, I'm not sure why but I would love to find out why.
 You've got me laughing, I really appreciate a great sense of humor, it's refreshing!
 I like that Uranus rotates sideways and rolls.
 Yes, it is like another world here on Earth!
 every us president with a beard has been a republican, that's odd.
 That is odd. So what do you think of trump.
 I like trump
 Me too. I think he needs to calm down a little bit sometimes but he is a smart dude.
 yeah I never liked trump before he was president. I think he's doing a great job with all that he's been dealt.
 Trump is a republican. Did you know there hasnt been a president who wasnt a republican or democrat since 1853
 It doesnt sound right to me either.
 They was taking shots at each other even back then huh.
 consistent use of red and blue for the parties only started in 2000. 
 Yeah. I wonder why that is.
 I guess that makes a little bit of sense.
 86% of nevada owned by the government?
 i believe it. Nevada is mostly desert, so who else would want it. 
 Well if thats what they are doing out there Im guessing wikileaks will let us know.
 Well they published the governments plans to destroy wikileaks so Im sure they would have no problem leaking it. Lol.
 Yeah I did too. Well its been a good chat. I gotta get off here.
 I have a big stack I inherited from my late father.  He was a true audiophile and had a good mix of classic rock, jazz, folk, you name it.  I love sitting and listening to them with all the clicks, pops, and white noise.  Looking at the album covers is pretty cool too, so of them are wild from the 60s!
 The Beatles white album, sgt. peppers's lonely hearts Club, and Dark side of the moon.  No, Taylor Swifts in the bunch! lol
 No, that's more my generation, though.  Straight outa Compton.
 Great chatting with you as well.  Enjoy the rest of your evening.
 I am, I like all different types of music and artists, from Taylor Swift to Korn, to some rap groups like RTJ.
 She really has, she was even the youngest person to be signed by Sony/ATV. I think it's amazing she has an entire airport hangar!
 You can't really fault her for that. Plus she just seems like a really funny person, especially when she does things like walk backwards to not have her photo taken.
 Yea, I think it won four Grammy Awards. She really puts out great stuff.
 very true. It was nice chatting with you.
 Wow that seems very extreme. She has definitely done well for herself. But it was nice talking with you goodbye.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am indifferent to her. My daughter likes her though. Do you like her?
 I think she is a good artist, not  my favorite but she has good skills.
 I like Jimmy Buffett a lot but I think that has more to do with the party involved than the music. I also like Pink Floyd and some new stuff. MOstly alt rock.
 Ok so Aerosmith made more money from the game Guitar Hero than any of their albums.
 How weird???
 Oh. ok. I like comedy. I know Comedy Central has cancelled over 200 shows since 1989. That's a lot of laughs lost.
 They must be a bit picky.  I would like the see the Handmaiden's Tale at the Kennedy Center.  BTW: I like comedies too...
 I would say. I'll have to check out that movie. 
 I heard that. It would have been great! 
 Thanks for your help.  You were excellent!
 Hello?
 hey hows it going?
 I don't' know much about soccer personally, what about you? I do see that drew carey served in the marine corp which I didn't know
 well I was talking about drew carey who is a tv star, have you seen him on tv?
 well have you seen evan almighty? that movie is the most expensive comedy ever made, you might like that it is a comedy after all
 Do you listen to led zeppelin at all? I guess it says they decided not to title their fourth album to confuse the press which I think is funny
 Yes, yes, it was very fun, I admit it
 thats good, and it says walmart only sells clean versions of albums, that explains why I never buy music at walmart, only food and random clothes for me
 I've seen them all, absolutely everyone and I do not know their origin
 ah, well he gets bitten by a radioactive spider, this says a real person used mercury to try to convert his bones to metal after seeing xmen and had multiple spider bites from watching spiderman, just silly!
 well that would be true, I hope that these people don't do anything stupid though, this guy could have gotten seriously hurt
 do you like james cameron? I guess he was going to make a spiderman movie with arnold but it was cancelled, that would have been awesome
 I can imagine, it would have been something wonderful
 Hm. That's funny. I never made the connection. Anyway, nice chatting with you!
 Have a good night!
 I agree. It's nice to have your voice heard, but why should they be heard louder than the average person? Oh well... On a brighter note, did you know that George Clooney had a pet potbellied pig?! His name was Max. Apparently George treated him like a dog. He let him sleep in the bed with him and everything. I wonder if the pig was smelly... 
 If I had a pig, I'd probably treat it like a dog too. They are very smart and very clean animals, despite popular though. George Clooney is actually a distant relative of Lincoln too.
 That is true. I have always liked George Clooney. He also helped fund a satellite that documents war atrocities in Africa.
 I do too! Haha! He's a very accomplished guy. He even had a small part in South Park. He was cast as the "voice" for Stan's dog. He was only asked to make dog sounds!
 Wow I actually had no idea about the premise that's awesome! Any allusions to HP narrative so far? I wonder where Harry ranks on that wiki for fictional character power/abilities ranking list hahaha.
 Yeah just imagine being some ripped dude ready to do that disc toss event right next to some guy dressed like Shakespeare ready to make some out of control poems!
 hahaha there we go! I wonder who pulled the plug on the arts being removed out of the olympics. It'd be cool to see rap battles there nowadays though hahah
 hahaha that actually sounds like it'd be much more difficult I dig it!
 Yeah seriously and very few momentswhere we think critically in a complimentary manner compared to how much we road rage or think negatively of strangers hahaha. This was nice though going to check out 
 Sorry about that hahaha lost the chat window there for some reason, but going to check out Fantastic Beasts now hope you have a good night, bye!
 I like all sports. When I get bored, I usually watch sports. It's what I do. What about you? Do you like sports?
 I agree. I really like LeBron James. Do you like him?
 He signed a lifetime deal worth $32M. Almost as much as Jordan makes on shoes!
 If you did, you could get those Js. I think $32M would buy a lot of shoes!
 That was a bold move by him but he's a different cat. Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah I love Netflix. You? I am so glad they expanded the business to streaming media in 2007 because that is all I use now.
 Oh man I bet he is haunted by that every day LOL. Well one of my favorite Netflix series is the stranger things I love how it is set in the 1980s. Have you seen it?
 Awesome. Yes me too can't wait for the next season. Counting down the days LOL. I wish the second season lasted more than nine episodes.
 I grew up with them.  So I'm a little impartial.  When I had them growing up I didn't care for them.  Now that I'm older though I didn't realize how blessed I was to have them.
 Oh yes...most have 3 speeds....walk, trot, and cantering or loping.  lol  Dalmations are associated with firefighters because they would calm and protect the horses back in the days before fire departments had motorized vehicles.
 Yes!  That is pretty interesting.  I've heard that before.  Clint Eastwood developed a mid-life allergy to horses which is ironic because he spent so much time on horseback in all the Westerns he did in the first part of his career.
 That is pretty interesting. I never knew that.  Speaking of horse hair... Lipizzaner horses (the ones that you see in dressage contests) are born black or brown and take about 6 years to turn completely white.
 Well apparently they are one of a few animals that are ticklish like humans. I think horses, sharks an orangutans are all ticklish lol
 How neat!  Switching topics...are you a fan of clothing?  I am.  I try to wear it as much as I can.  lol
 Yes! lol  I was surprised to find out that Pilgrims wore clothing that was full of color and not just black and white.
 No. haha I wonder how many people got their clothes shot up in the air and blew away! lol  It's been fun chatting!
 Hi, how are you?
 That and some carries! Harden has shown some real confidence in his game this season. There's no chance he wont win the MVP this season.
 At least he doesn't have a great game only to be overshadowed by his big sister, cough***Reggie Miller***Cough
 HAHAHA. That's a funny theory! He said no to Nike and told him to shoot granny style...
 I have all of the streaming sites and i wish my son would help me pay for it lol
 we do password share on hulu, but we have live tv with the works and share the price
 I am going to check that out. I love almost every show on netflix
 It's hard to imagine that Netflix is worth over $2 billion dollars.  That's a lot people just hanging out watching tv. :)  
 That is one of my all time favorite shows. I pay for hbo just for that.
 I think so. Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is one of the funniest shows ever. 
 I have been ordering from amazon from the start. back in 95
 I like it because i get my packages on sundays
 Although such a thing might have been considered by the U.S. government, it certainly was less of a priority than showing United States supremacy during the height of the Cold War against the U.S.S.R. Speaking of the sun, if only we could harness more of the energy that comes from the sun to power the earth. The sun produces enough energy in one second to supply all of the earth's energy needs for 500,000 years. Really amazing!
 That's why it may be helpful to send more robots on solar exploration, rather than humans. Although, there is something quite remarkable for humans to accomplish. It's sad, but also amazing, that the Mars Opportunity Rover is finally "dead." It was only on a 90 day mission, but lasted over 15 years. NASA is amazing.
 Same here, take care
 that is huge, just huge. it was nice chatting with you
  Yes, and Walmart will only sell albums if the author decides to make a clean version of it.
 So would I, just imagine our sunset but looking at it through a blue filter.
 And there  is so much more to be explored in the Universe! 
 Nice. If you reach the highest point of Britain, there's a piano there you can play!
 I would love to read the page that sums up the kindest 25 things done on reddit.
 That's not a lot. Almost as much as a local election!
 Wow! Nice chatting with you!
 But as an instrument, I feel the music and sound when hammers strike the strings is beautiful
 Yep.  And in case the Internet ever burns down, you could go too the current library of Alexandria -  they saved a copy
 Of course.  Though it's not full proof.  You can get cell service on top of Mt Everest
 Right lol.  You need to google how to get more Oxygen
 Hi, how are you?
 I like black panther. I think it was expertly cast and even better execution.
 Omg yes, Black panther and the newest avengers movies have been my current favorites in the marvel film universe. The visuals on balck panther were top notch
 They're probably going to do the classic comic book thing where they say that they only killed them in this universe but there are many univereses like the famous Earth 616
 Which actor do you think played the best spiderman? the first the second or this newest one?
 I think the first one was the best because he was the first. I think Andrew Garfield is great though!
 Its not close to the spiderman films but i can definitely tell you its better then any rendition ben affleck did of batman lol
 HA! That's not setting the bar very high.
 Maybe the piano had something to do with their level of skill lol, Mozart and Haydn were both great composers, 
 No, but I would enjoy a helicopter ride to the top. I hear there is 3g signal up there. I may have to wait for 5g.
 Yeah, at the  Library of Alexandria I think. I wonder what amount of the space is taken up by Reddit? 
 No, but it's gotta contain tons of info. In this "information age" with so much happening and being posted online and blurted out by the media every day, it is hard to believe that in 1930, the BBC one day there was no news worth broadcasting, so they just played piano all day!  I like that. Next day I feel overwhelmed, I think I'll take a piano day!
 I play guitar, and I have started to learn piano, but I am a novice. I enjoy old Beatles songs and some of the stuff done by Queen. Hey, did you know that the same piano used by McCartney to record, "Hey Jude" was also used by Freddie Murcury to record Bohemian Rhapsody?
 Hello! The article I read was about the film Black Panther
 It was based on the Marvel Universe, and lots of the 17 films set there were successful.
 It had a huge opening as well, $146 million domestic.  They predicted Black Panther to have opening number very close to that.
 I am a huge literature lover. The aesthetic and rhythmic verses of poetry are music to my ears. How about you?
 I like them!  The Javanese alphabet, when recited in order, forms a poem!
 I hope he didn't sell the rights to it! Yikes.  Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem!
 More money can be made in music. Albums have been around since the early 20th century.
 Yes!  Do you know who has the best selling album of the 21st Century?
 I agree. That was so sad.  Reel Big Fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label.
 Good for them to fight for their music. Anotherfavorite of mine is NWA's straight outta compton. It was so good that it went platinum without touring.
 I remember when that came out.  Everyone was passing around their cassettes that they recorded of them. lol  
 I still listen to NWA. Such great stuff there. Pink Floyd is another one that has stood the test of time. Dark side of the moon was one of the best selling albums in 2014.
 I saw that.  Pretty incredible it was still that popular more than 40 years after it was first released!
 I have voted since I turned 18. It is our civic duty to do so. Taller candidates have won 75% of the time since 1900.
 Nice.  Me too and how interesting!  Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these candidates" voting option for presidential elections.
 It's different that's for sure.  The voter turnout for US presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years.  That's stunning to me.
 It's crazy isn't it?  Have a nice day too!
 I haven't either. Oh my gosh, Demetri Martin is hilarious. I've seen the video of that palindrome poem but never live. I think it's cool that poetry has been around since the 25th century BCE. It has evolved so much!
 Yeah, I don't care much for poetry but I absolutely love music. I know they're really tied together though. I love the old vinyls that came about in the 1940s, 1950s. I know we've since gone through audio cassettes and CDs and MP3s, but I think vinyl records are actually making a comeback.
 I actually collect Vinyl's. I have a huge digital collection, but if I really like something I'll buy the vinyl. I should get Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, that's missing from my collection.
 I bet vinyl sales are way higher than CDs now. By me, you can find stores that sell only new and old vinyls. Great sound quality!
 haha! you could always vote for yourself as a write-in!
 That would be pretty funny to do! Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Me neither. I do not know either of those languages. But to be fair, my english isn't the best either...
 I love linkin park. Do you listen to them?
 Nice chatting with you!
 That seems excessive.     Must make it easy for avid golfers like Samuel L. Jackson.
 I wonder how many animals find their way onto golf courses?
 I wonder if the Loch Ness monster (assuming Nessie is real) has both gills and lungs?
 Cool.     I am a fan of animals, particularly those with white spots on their forehead.
 Yes, I do too!
 I'm actually not sure. Because of my love of animals I wish we would do what Germany did. They were the first country to give animals legal rights. 
 Ha ha, I can't imagine how that came about. 
 Cool, the last one I went to was Merle Haggard.  My elderly dad is a big fan and I took him for his birthday.  It was the only concert he ever went to and he loved it!  
 Yes they did. They were such a fun band. 
 I am well, and yes I do like poety but I do not know a lot about it
 That sounds pretty trippy.  I have been getting into rap recently.  I really enjoy Straight Outta Compton
 Rap music led to rap/rock like Linkin Park, which had the highest selling album of this century.  I am a fan of theirs as well
 Yes it was good talking to you
 You too, fun talking about music and poetry with you
 That would be interesting and scary to say the least! I want to be famous someday so I can see the secret room at pixar!
 I didn't know that either.  There's a form of freestyle rap called "compliment battle" that was invented by Korean rappers.  First time I've ever heard about that.
 Only the people who can understand 14.1 syllables per second...so not many people. lol
 Nice I didn't know that.  Before he became a rapper, Eminem's true dream was to become a comic book artist.
 Neat!  I didn't know that either. lol  In 2001, a Michigan judge deliverd her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against Eminem.  Bet that was funny to hear.
 Nice!  Busta Rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie.
 haha I believe it!  Kanye believes that aids is a man-made disease.  
 Yes!  Out of the top 10 most successful songs of all time, only Kanye West's "Gold Digger" is in a minor key.
 No way!  Kanye once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert.  Nice thing he did there.
 I'm not sure.  I didn't realize that Kanye West was born in 1977.  I thought he was younger than that.  Anyhow...it was nice chatting with you!
 I didn't know that.  You have a good day!
 It is, I might have to google that lol, did you know that Pixar Studios has a secret room.
 Yo, word up. I'm all. like, flowing with rhytmical delivery here ya'll.  Ok, so I'm an old white dude, but I still like rap. You? 
 A bit harsh for me. I like rap that harkens back to the day when praise singers would use their art form to disseminate positive info. You?
 Really? When did he unwrap his rap gift? I'm not sure he will ever be listed in the librabry of congress under "cultural significances" but he has talent.
 EEveryone wants to be a rapper at times. A michigan judge once delivered a verdict in rap, when ruling over a case involving Eminem. I wonder if that judge was a better rapper than a judge?
 I don't know if I have heard him, other than as the reptar wagon in the Rugrats movie... I would live to hear some Korean rap!
 Yeah! If Robin Williams was still around, I would love to see him do that! He was great in Alladin!
 I have never been there. You?
 Carol Burnett was the first celebrity that visited Sesame Street. Ever been there?
 Don't tell me you have been there! What was your case about? LOL I hear she pulls down over 100 grand per episode. Not bad!
 I would love to be in his shoes, although they would fit me... Maybe I could fit in Carol Burnett's shoes
 hahaa good one. nice chat
 hello!
 I think there are too many celebrity's to count lol...definitely not Kanye lol
 Yes, he was. It didn't go so well with his fans lol. Kanye just has very strong opinions I guess like most. Do you have a favorite celebrity?
 For me I would say Wiz Khalifa or P.Diddy. Tupac. Those are who come to mind. Some of the newer rappers are good, some bad. Kanye West has had a few good albums , I do have to give him that.
 What do you mean? I think Drake is an awesome person. I have read a lot about how much he wants to be a great Dad. But who knows I guess,lol....celebrity's have to always look and act their best.
 Oh, haha, I don't know too much about him either. I do know that Tupac Shakur's music is considered to be of cultural significance, he was amazing!
 Yes! It is so sad still to this day that he is gone. I guess some korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle rap called a compliment battle....That would be interesting to hear. It has been great chatting with you!!
 Rapper XXXTentacion, center, attends the 2017 BET Hip Hop Awards on Oct. 6, 2017
 Jahseh Dwayne Onfroy in a mug shot from December 2017. (
 do you know In March 2014, he uploaded the song "Vice City" to SoundCloud, the free music-streaming platform
 but quickly restored them after backlash from the music industry, which reportedly included artists such as Kendrick Lamar.
 Rapper tupac shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 Rapper busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the 1998 rugrats movie
 Pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities
 Robin williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.
 Kanye west did an snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows... 2 years before the infamous taylor swift incident.
 Out of the top 10 most successful songs of all time, only kanye west's gold digger is in a minor key
 At the time of his death, Onfroy was awaiting trial. As news of the shooting broke, several celebrities and musicians shared their shock on social media. 
 Rapper big sean had a gpa of 3.7 and turned down a scholarship to michigan state before being signed by kanye west
  he once said. In August 2017, Onfroy released his debut album "17," which peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200?
 Out of the top 10 most successful songs of all time, only kanye west's gold digger is in a minor key
 "Vice City" to SoundCloud, the free music-streaming platform?
 thank you happy weekend
 merry x-mas
 Yes!  Probably bigger there than in the US.  It's so popular there that many fans are surprised to discover it's status as America's national pastime.  (which I think isn't the case any longer)
 Isn't that sad about videogames?  Baseball cards used to be worth way more too!  Ironically before videogames exploded in popularity.  Kids don't do the activities and hobbies they used to do.
 lol  I remember when I was little for some reason we always played softball in the gym and not outside.  Did you know that the YMCA invented volleyball, softball, and basketball?
 You would think. lol  On May 11, 1991 Creighton played Utah in the longest game in NCAA softball history.  The game lasted 31 innings!
 lol  Yes...I remember one game like that from a few years ago. 
 Right! lol  Jose Canseco claims to hold the record for longest softball homerun at 622 feet!
 I have no idea on that!  I haven't played since elementary school.  lol
 I don't know.  lol  Softball was invented in 1887 in Chicago, IL.
 Whoa!  1844 I just looked it up.  lol  The first sporting event shown on ESP was a slow pitch softball game!
 I'm thinking probably because it was cheap to get.  Since ESPN was new, they probably didn't have a big budget. lol  It was fun chatting with you!  
 Have a great day!
 Politics these days seems to be about personalities.  This is a refreshing change.
 He wore a gray sweater for the video series, not a power suit like other politicians would.
 That would be great for the country.
 Hi there!  A little bit.  I find odd facts interesting such as Ralph Lawrence Carr.  He was the only governor to oppose the internment of Japanese Americans during WW2.
 Yes.  When I was a kid my grandmother worked with a lady who was interred.  I got to know her as well and she was the sweetest lady.  I never realized though exactly what they went through until I got older.  Sad indeed about the people back then.
 I didn't know about the ND.  The Beatles song "Come Together" was written for Timothy Leary's 1969 California governor campaign.  I never knew that.  Interesting that they wrote a song that had to do with American politics.  Lennon must have been living here at the time.
 lol  You must be talking about Arnold Schwarzenegger?  When he was governor of California he never lived in Sacramento but commuted 3 hours every day by private jet.  Crazy.
 I'm kind of with you there.  There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853.
 Yes.  I never knew that every US president with a beard has been a republican.  Did you know that?
 I'm with you on that.  I seem to remember that being around long before then.
 It is.  I just found an interesting fact.  The last time a republican was elected president withou a nixon or bush on the ticket was 1928.  I don't think that includes the latest president though.
 You're right.  I've always wondered about that.  Here's a funny tidbit....in 1957 President Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with Republicans.  lol
 I agree.  What saddens me is that it seems like every politician never follows through on what they say they want to do when they are campaigning.  I have to get going. I enjoyed talking politics with you!
 Sure. I enjoy many different sporting events, including baseball and football. I even ejoy celebrity sporting events. You?
 I like baseball a lot for sure! I collect baseball cards for fun, it's not time consuming and they can add up to so much value!
 Did you hear about that one guy who found$3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in is attic?  Merry Christmas!
 wouldn't they be considered too soft to play since they don't practice like the guys on the team? maybe that is the origin of softball?
 Yeah, I guess since the average salary of a professional softball layer is only about $5k per year, that would not support a manager.
 Apparently, he made the change from major league baseball to softball.
 Interesting. Did you know that the first ESPN televised sporting event was a softball game?
 That is hard to believe!  But then again, it is also hard to believe that Canadians call kickball by a different name: soccer-baseball!
 Good question. But celebrities often get perks. I used to love seeing celebrities appear on Sesame Street. I think Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear there. Thaat's a neat perk!
 I love seeing celebrity appearances like that! Just like Robin Williams basically started the trend of celebrities in voice acting. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good day!
 That reminds me of that movie. Blast from the Past.
 Yes, I love that movie.
 You never know with baseball. It could have been a few days. LOL
 Yes, I do in fact like tv dramas.  Hugh Laurie is worth every penny, he's that good of an actor.
 Yeah same to you, have a good one!
 Yep I'm not sure actually. Did you know that Michael Jackson has a pet on a leaning device. It was the device used for his extreme lean dance move. I hope no one else uses it because he does that move the best
 Yes they have musicians songs and instruments. They're actually pretty famous the song"do you realize" is the state rock song of Oklahoma actually
 Those sugar gliders seem to make decent pets, but I hear they are omnivores and some people give them baby mice to eat. No thanks! Definitely not the animal for me. I think I like horses, dogs, rabbits, and chickens the best.
 Pretty good question! I think there are birds that need certain minerals, too. Speaking of animals, I have to go feed my cat now. TTYL.
 You sound like me, some rap can be really intense. I guess that is true of any genre but nothing quite like rap. Some of it can be fun to dance to.
 Yes! So much fun
 I watch all types of dance, So yes! I love to watch dance and I like to dance. 
 Hhahaaa, I remember that show, and you are right! Dance is amazing. So many forms of human movement is considered dance, from martial arts, gymnastic's, cheerleading.....so many forms.
 Yes, I agree. It has always been so interested in dance and how it originated to come to where we are now and that it is for fun and entertainment. I love how certain types of dance can tell a story.
 YEs agree.  I hope the rest of your day goes well.
 You too! It has been fun talking about Rap, dance and rock music! Have a great day!
 Yep I agree with you. On the other hand there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free. But as I always say, I'm sure you get what you pay for and they're not very good haha
 I agree. There's a reason that they don't exist anymore. Do you like Michael Caine as an actor? Apparently he became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama classes
 Hello Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?
 I do!  I think she's pretty talented.  Hard to believe she's been around over 10 years already.
 Hard to believe that Def Jam recordings canceled her contract, big mistake on their part.  Glad Akon helped her get signed with Interscope records and his own label.
 Yes!  I remember her first from then with her debut album the Fame.
 I didn't know that!  I know her real name is Stefani Germanotta.
 That is awesome!  I like metal. lol  She was on MTV's Boiling Points before she was famous.  I remember that show.
 I think I did hear that somewhere.  I know they are good friends.  She has 11.4 million followers on Twitter.  I'm sure they know.  lol
 hahah That is funny!  I'm surprised she hasn't starred in any dramas yet.  Are you a fan of dramas?
 Yes, I am.  I like watching Hugh Laurie in House.  It's one of my favorites.
 Yes!  I loved that show.  It made him the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama!
 lol Nice!  I remember being surprised he was British when the show first came out.  I saw him on one of the late night talk shows.
 I haven't but I kind of like that idea.  We need more positivity in things.  Did you ever like Mad Men...I liked Jon Hamm in that.  I didn't know he also taught drama at his old high school.
 That would be cool!  ...and what are the odds of that?  I loved the Office too!  It was nice chatting with you this morning!
 Hi friend! Do you have any pets?
 I also have a dog and three cats. 3 of the 4 have white on thier faces. I have heard that a white patch on the forehead is the first sign pf domestication. I also have grey hair...
 Yeah, and Scotland has made the Loch Ness monster a protected breed, so, if she every re-appears, she'll have that going for her!
 Nice. Unless the animals choose to use the bridges too... Well, the human animal lost most of it's body hair around 240,000 years ago, and what little I have left on top is on it's way over the bridge...
 No blow hole either! Ok, here is a piece of animal-related trivia: The creator of the python programming language named it after british comedy group, Monty Python, which has nothing to do with a snake. And now, something completely different.
 Indeed. Bill Murray says the "Supreme achievement of the modern age in term of comedy" is, in fact, the movie...Kung Fu Hustle. Yes, comedy does influence us in deep ways...
 Yes. But my favorite movie is The Green Lantern, which was originally supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black. Ah, the age of enlightenment!  Nice chatting with you!
 I guess they didn't distinguish that much. Seems like they intermingled with more modern humans too.
 I mean sure, but just in cases when they'll find a swiss watch in a 4000 old tomb mummy to prove time travel is possible ;) or when they'll find frozen alien in Antarctica ;)
 I'd be interested in those!  Have you ever heard of the Antikythera mechanism?
 Me too.  It's artifacts like that that make you wonder just how did those people back then do the things they did.
 It is so interesting how planet venus rotates clock-wise
 Not all of us did.  I have seen some pretty hairy people.
 Did you know that astronauts cant burp?  Apparently you can only burp in gravity.  Weird.
 Yeah I would move to Mars or Jupiter, or even Jupiter's moon Ganymede because it is so big it would actually be considered a planet if it orbited the Sun
 have a great day!
 Yeah it sure would be. Same to you, I hope you have a great day!
 I went back to it a few years ago and yes its changed so much. I never browsed the new website but whenever i did have the old web page and it was matrix themed. I even included the soundtrack accompanied by clips of the film!
 Matrix themed!  That is awesome!  Mine wasn't special.  But my niece had the soundtrack to Jaws play during her wedding, and so she had it on her MySpace too.  It has a video clip of Speilberg playing the clarinet for the soundtrack.
 The youth age was so silly, but fun for the most part. Anyways going back to what we were talking about. Do you think there should be a vote for same sex marriage by the citizens?
 SO like an addition to the bill of rights? People make it too personal. Its just complicated. But then again it is used to express an opinion. It's not like when you're in a jury
 You too, stay away from that Dragon's Breath, and liquid Nitrogen in general.
 For sure! Well, it's been real. Have a wonderful day wherever you are!
 Yeah. Maybe it would have been less "blue" also.
 That's dedication. On a lighter note people in Austin,TX voted to name their dump after Fred Durst. 
 His music was pretty awful so I can hardly fault them.
 Yeah but still seems like a lot of trouble lol
 Likewise!
 True, and considering how government works, governing an organized community, humans need to be versatile, mentally and physically
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Make sure you get plenty of vitamin C.
 I think it's cute that hummingbirds will steal spiderwebs, to repair their nests. I've never witnessed that behavior though.
 It's been fun chatting with you, enjoy the rest of your day.
 Turkey has become really popular in America, I dont see my thanksgiving celebration without eating that delicious bird
 I have a pet hummingbird, and have seen it steal spiderwebs.
 I see, that must have been funny to watch lol, I heard something interesting about bird in Australia and its that they can mimic the sound of alarms, chainsaws, cameras
 I stay pretty neutral. I was a history major so I see a lot of patterns. Sometimes the government does something really nice like Norway who donated 1 billion dollars to save the Amazon rainforest.
 Yes I imagine they were. But it is hard not to spoil your pets.
 Yeah, same here. Computers were an incredible invention.
 That would be a good comparison tool!
 Yeah, and we are probably the only ones running for fun, if you can call it that.   You don't see many animals training for a marathon.
 Yeah same to you, have a nice day!
 Good morning! How's your day going? Are you interested in science like genetic engineering or the planet?
 I've learned some interesting things today about a lot of subjects from DNA, humans, fish and more!
 I'm fantastic how about you?
 I have tried it and I'm pretty good at it in all honesty. 
 Yeah that's possible. Although Russell redeemed himself when he declined to claim $22 million from Katy Perry after divorcing her.
 Hello!  Are you a fan of dancing?
 LOL  That's hilarious!  Me too I'm not good at all.  Bruce Lee was a great dancer!  That somewhat didn't surprise me since he had some good karate moves.
 I bet! haha  Michael Jackson had a patented devide that he used to get the extreme leans in some of his dance moves.
 I never knew that.  Tupac once was a ballet dancer in high school  in the Nutcracker.
 Yes.  For sure.  One single search on google takes more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon.
 I believe it.  On Aug. 16th, 2003 it went down for 5 minutes and took 40% of the internet traffic with it.
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  Interesting.  Do you like Star Wars?
 That entire franchise is worth over 65 billion dollars!
 Smart man!    His wife Marcia was the reason for some major changes in the original film for which she won an academy award for editing the film.
 Good move!  I'm sure he is set for life!  It was nice chatting with you today!  Hope you the rest of your day is pleasurable!
 It is funny that Justin Bieber's "Baby is the most disliked video on utube!
 I read that. Ha! I am sure that it was awful but I give them credit!
 Oh.  Fun fact: the curiosity rover robot on Mars, built by NASA, sings Happy Birthday to itself on its birthday.  Would be a funny video to watch on Youtube.
 Definitely the animal videos.  Today I watched one of a Waddell seal sleeping.  Their snores sound like electronic techno music.  For real.  It's funny.  
 Same here, have a good evening!
 I try to dance, purposefully moving in choreographed sequences.  But I look more like a chicken than a serious dancer. You?
 Why didn't he do his ballet thing to rap music? He would have been an innovator, like Michael Jackson! 
 Well, it is said that babies spontaneously dance when they hear music. But  why are they born with more talent than I?
 That described me pretty well...more wiggling than anything... Not like the graceful warrior, Bruce Lee, who was not only renown for his martial arts prowess, but he was also a championship dancer!
 True!  OOne of the first music videos was Michael Jackson's Thriller, and that was drama, music, and dance! Jackson also patented dance equipment. Talented and innovative! Bruce Lee could be described that way too!
 Yeah, for some device to allow him to do those extraordinary leaning moves. Just like some ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes each week, MJ had his dance props too!
 I'll have to Google that... Unless Google goes down again. In 2013 when Google went down, it took down 40% of web traffic. 
 I think it has something to do with tracking phone locations. Amazing what Google can do.. You know, a single Googele search takes more computing power than it took to send the first 11 astronauts to the moon?  Now Google probably has an app for that...
 Who knows?  Google supports Androids, so they are probably tracking them. But who really know what Google is really doing? When Google deals with different countries that hase border disputesd, they report maps differently to each country to match country claims. 
 And they are partial to goats, and on occasion use them to mow the grass on the Google properties. Can't beat that!
 Wow.  I've only worked with industrial ones.  They are too smart... The "Curiosity" robot on Mars has a much higher IQ. 
 Plus there are 70 full episodes of the "Joy of Painting" on the Bob Ross channel.
 lol That's what I use it for too.  I love watching concert clips on there.  Did you know it is the 2nd largest search engine on the net?
 I know youtube was created by 3 former paypal employees in Feb. of 2005.
 lol....looks like they cashed even bigger after starting youtube.  They sold youtube to google in 2006 for $1.65 billion dollars!
 hahahaah that's great.  I would too.  Especially in the winter months.  Psy's Gangnam style video got so many views that youtube had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 lol It was addicting.  Justin Bieber's Baby is the most disliked video on youtube.  
 haha Netflix and youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  Guess people really love their videos! 
 lol  I was surprised to find out that Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still of the best selling albums of 2014 more than 40 years after it was first released.
 Oh that is neat.  I'll have to try it! Nice chatting with you too!
 Yes, I too liked the first Star Wars better. I am interested in seeing the new Star Wars area at Hollywood Studios!
 You too!
 Yes, and I am a big fan of great dancers like justin timberlake and chris brown. Who are some of your favorite dancers
 James brown was an even better dancer he was old and still moving
 Actually I completely understand if you look up hardcore rapper prodigy from the new york group mob deep he not only always was getting into shoot outs and getting arrested but he also went to performing arts school and practiced ballet lots of rappers went to art schools
 I would imagine the stuff tupac learned in that dance school helped him when he was part of the backup dancers for the group Digital Underground.
 Yes and watch a couple of the documentary's on him you see on youtube you'll learn alot. Did you see the NWA movie Straight outta compton?
 You'll love them the straight outta compton movie is very well made it makes you feel emotionally connected to the characters thats how rap films should be made. Another great rap film is Get rich or die trying by 50 cent
 Nope he isn't he's mostly involved with TV shows have you ever heard of the show Power. He's also making a BMF show
 That's crazy, my computer is fairly new but I have no idea how many gigs it has!
 That's crazy, i'm not even sure how you would do that. The russians made a computer that ran on water.
 Or someone bought it out so they couldn't produce them. Who knows. Smoking near apple computers voids the warranty.
 Yeah, it really is. Do you know how Bill nye got started? 
 He apparently won a steve martin lookalike contest, which was his big break. I remember watching him in school all the time.
 I don't think i've seen his recent stuff, but i'll have to check it out. Ronald reagan was rejected from a movie because he didn't have "the president look".
 Probably felt pretty silly! Caesar noted after visiting Britian that it's people used chickens for entertainment. I wonder what they were doing with them.
 That's crazy! It can only display 57 colors. Seemed so high tech back in the day!
 Oops! Yeah, you're right! It was finally discontinued in 2003! 
 Yeah, I would have thought so too. I don't remember them being sold in the early 2000s. Anyways, it's been great chatting with you!
 Bye!
 I have heard that before, it's amazing what can get you started.  I wish I looked like someone famous, it could be the thing that makes my fortune.
 I keep trying to get my son to do that coding, he just wants to play the games instead.  Who knows, maybe one day he'll prove me wrong and make it big in e-sports.
 I'm glad he wasn't! What would we do without all the chocolate. I'm glad his work intervened on that one
 I did not know that, I also did not know that it was called MCing. Nice chatting with you
 It was good talking to you
 If it were not in Japanese, probably I would  want to buy their album.  
 He can still do it for fun since he does not need the money. He can find a good publisher easily since he is already famous.  I've got to run.  Great chats!
 well I guess they deemed it of "cultural significance" I've listened to his music and I personally can't say I agree haha
 I do.  I cannot listen when my grand kids are riding in my car though.
 I just read about it.  He could still be one.
 I liked superman when I was younger.
 No.  They watch prince and princess related movies. 
 Hello
  Yes, I do.Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 Really?  I didn't know that either.  Despite being released over 40 years ago, the dark side of the moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014.
 Wow, that's wild there.Rapper tupac shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 Ah! That's a tough one but I'd have to classic Disney and choose Peter Pan, there's just something so magical about that movie. What about you?
 I like the Lion King, it has a Shakespearean feeling to it. It was the first Disney film dubbed in Zulu.  
 I have been to Disney World so many times, it was a popular vacation spot for my family growing up. I've been to Disneyland but only once and I unfortunately don't remember a bunch of details, just that it was so much smaller!
 good morning how are you
 I will have to check them out, it was nice chatting to you
 I think education is going to more virtual in the future as a way to save money
 Yeah I think so too. I also loved Kareem Abdul Jabbar. His dunk was crazy.
 Funny you should ask because they do it's called the highest court in the land!
 Hello, are you a fan of Basketball?
 Yeah I head about that a while ago. You'd think the person who invented the sport would be good at coaching it, with his advantage in knowing the rules, but I guess not.
 It's also funny that an athlete like Bryant is good enough at acting to get nominated for an oscar. You'd think he'd just be in the movie to sell tickets or something.
 Yeah College Basketball coaches make a lot of money! Then again basketball brings in a lot of money to the schools so it might be worth the cost.
 Wow, I wonder if that name isn't so funny in New Zealand. But hey the us Supreme court has a basketball court called "the highest court in the land".
 lol at the image of a bunch of judges getting slam dunks and three pointers! 
 lol! Another funny thing about basketball was that Kareem abdul-jabbar was so good at dunks that they banned dunks for over ten years! Hard to imagine.
 Yeah it mush be pretty overpowered to be the only player who can dunk.
 Ah yes Disney. Did you know they started making Wreck-it-ralph back in the 80s? That's one long time to make a movie lol.
 Yeah those are both some of my favorite movies. Just like the Lion King. I recently found out it was the first to be dubbed in Zulu when they released it in Africa.
 Yes!  I like basketball!
 I didn't know that.  I remember him for his hook shot.
 LOL How ironic is that?  In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 Not really.  I've read some interesting facts though.  Such as all of the Hobbit's characters names were taken out of an old Icelandic poem called "Dvergatal"
 I'm going to have to look that up.  Sounds interesting.  The javanese alphabet when recited in order forms a poem.
 That sounds impressive!  Edgar Allen Poe only received $9 for the publication of his poem "The Raven"
 I didn't know that.  I bet the Zulu's loved that.  During the 1970's Disney recycled a lot of their animation cells, which resulted in some movies having identical scenes!
 They probably had to make them fast so people wouldn't notice.  lol
 It was good talking to you.
 So what do you think about home schooling?
 I think one of the best reasons would be for the ability to learn at your own pace as a kid.
 Yes, definitely. To be able to learn more and to be free from the negative stuff that a lot of kids deal with in schools.
 We have competitions for everything. I would have to assume that we would even with a tactile reading language like Braille. It's just something we has humans do.
 I wonder how that is, there whole moto was because the owner got a 40$ late fee on a movie so he started his own company with different ideals!
 I never really thought about that. Where I am we have lampreys, I don't know if you have ever seen one but they look like alien vampires.
 Did you know freshwater fish only drink through their skin while saltwater fish actually drink from their mouth?
 You would think so with all the salt they would ingest! 
 It's been great chatting with you, have a nice night!
 The only fish with a neck. Usually fish do not have necks. Anyhow, thanks for the chat!
 I think that was a smart deal that his advisers made. He wasn't known for saving money during his time here and this set him up for life.
 Especially when you have children like he does. They have a nice safety net for future schooling and such.
 I know that it's a very effective method but it definitely does not look cool!
 I think he really benefited from being in school for so long, his game became nearly flawless.
 Hey, how are you!?  Are you a fan of the Iron Man series?  I still think the original in 2008 was my favorite.
 I'm doing great thanks! Oh yeah I love Iron Man. I'm going to have to agree with you and say the original was the best. It grossed over 585 million!
 I bet he was happy that the first Iron Man movie was filmed without a script!  That seems right up Stan Lee's alley!
 That is strange!  It was really a star studded cast speaking of Jarvis.  Jeff Bridges, Terrence Howard, and Gwyneth Paltrow are quite a roster of stars!
 Yup, I bet they had no idea then that they would eventually employ the highest paid athletes by average salary in the world!
 I loved Reggie.  Cheryl was a great sideline reporter for a long time too.  She was a legend!!
 Crazy!  Thanks it was great chatting with you too.  Have a good one!
 Hello, I'm good! And yes I do like to use Facebook! It's crazy how old it is already, it feels like it just became a thing and yet it's almost 13 years old I believe.
 Hopefully one day we can be like Spider-Man too! They are actually working on a substance to give anybody the ability to walk up walls.
 Definitely, you have a good night as well!
 no I have not, lets talk about Black Panther the movie, it was released in 2018 and based on a Marvel comic 
 I am 6'6. Fashion is literally beneath me. Nothing fashionable fits me so I gave up fashion when I was like 6'. I am just happy if something fits me right!"
 ya, besides that I haven't heard of them though, I tailor my own clothes and yes I can confirm, you can see if clothes are tailored or not based on the collar gaps
 I like animals and spider man all in the same show.
 It is kind of funny to think that 25 Million for a library of characters is cheap. Buying only spidy was a error on SOnys part.  Should animals have rights like in germany?
 Hiccups are an evolutionary trait tied to unfriending 10 people on face book to get a free whopper.  I think animal rights would increase the cost of whoppers.
 Hard to believe a simple registry of name, occupation, schools attended and so on would be worth so much.  It must be the advertising and cookies.
 Good for the Icelanders.  I wonder if there will be a new super hero who uses Mark Zuckerburg as a mentor.  He would be called the Anti - Privacy man.  He would sell your data faster than a speeding millionaire. 
 It was the wife of Stan Lee, Joan B. Lee. What a team. Nice chatting with you
 I created the account two years ago and I'm addicted since ;) You ?
 I have had facebook forever, good way to keep up with friends and family.  
 I agree... I've found many friends from my childhood that I've lost contact with... plus they got a messenger app that You can use for free :)
 Yes, its amazing to see how that company has taken off
 true and they keep expanding... they added "marketplace" and it's competitive to ebay and now I've heard they will add a dating app soon
 wow thats exciting, amazing what one idea can bring you
 As long as You're doing it right and it seems like they know how to conquer the internet ;)
 I used to love them ! I still do but I don't read as much, You ?
 That's my second favorite :) Batman was my guy :) but sure... I love Mary Jane in spiderman ;)
 I tend to like Gwen Stacy more
 Oh yes. I love animals! All 20 quintillion of them! Ha! How about you?
 Ha! Never watched any of the Facebook trailers, but Spider-Man is one of my favorite superheroes. I also love his villains - namely Venom and Doctor Octopus!
 That's not a bad idea! Also it's interesting that Babe Ruth was a famous golf player, we only hear about him as a famous baseball player
 He requires the allowance to play golf during production at least two times a week.
 No, I have not either. I have heard that helicopters were used to dry grass tennis courts for the US open in 1969.
 They might have been. It took over three days for the longest tennis match in history was held.
 I would have too! It was nice chatting with you!
 Hello!  How are you doing today?  Did u know The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
 That's really big. Speaking of big, the Great Bambino, Babe Ruth, was once America's most famous golfer. I bet he could hit the ball a ton!
 That's really interesting. I wonder who coaches the supreme court games? Did you know that James Naismith, who invented basketball, was the only coach in the history of the University of Kansas's basketball program to have a losing record!
 You know who did make a lot of money? Rene Lacosta. Lacosta was a tennis player who invented the polo.
 Tennis is too long for me. There was once a tennis match spread over 11 hours over the course of 3 days.
 I agree!  There is a golf course in Dubai that uses 4,000,000 gallons of water a day!  Not a fan of that either.
 Yes!  Did you know that if you added up all the golf courses in America, they would make up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined?
 lol  I was surprised to find out that Babe Ruth was one American's most famous golfer.
 That would be a great clause to put in your contracts wouldn't it?  Do you know many facts about tennis?
 That's a neat fact! See you do know some!  US open quarterfinalist Gael Monfils beat the "Roger Federer of paddle tennis" after learning how to play just days earlier.
 lol  I could have watched paint and it would have dried faster!
 I do remember watching him play!    Can't believe they banned that shot for almost a decade!
 I had no idea! lol  Thanks!  Do you know who has the only losing record in the University of Kansas' history?
 Yes!  You got it!  I have to get running!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 I enjoyed talking with you!
 Right, well at least it brings awareness to the city for future tourism.
 Yeah that makes her the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James. I'm in the mood to watch some daytime tv now. See you later!
 Could you imagine grunting for 11 hours?  And some people consider that cheating!
 I think ping pong is more my style, its just called table tennis.  I think that is kind of smart as it looks like a mini tennis court, haha.
 If you define good as being able to hit the ball if it is slow enough, yes.  I probably should have been a soccer player since they make the most money as an athlete.
 Oh for basketball?  The Dallas Mavericks, they have a rookie from Europe that is pretty good already, Luka Doncic.  Hard to believe basketball was invented at the YMCA.
 Basketball is very popular, I mean Space Jam was a huge hit and made a lot of money.
 I wonder how come there was not another one
 I had no idea! I know the championship has been awarded every four years since the start of the tournament except during WWII.
 From what I've heard the American team has never placed below third place in the World Cup since Women's World Cup started in 1991.
 I never knew how popular it was. I know Jon Stewart was a skilled player in college.
 Very cool! Multi talented I guess.
 I would sure love to see that room. It must be special if it is secret. Well, it was nice chatting! Bye.
 Okay. Take care.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am not. Is it any good?
 Me too! I love that album. It was a best seller in 2014.
 WOw, I had no idea. Thank you so much for enlightening me!
 Yeah... I wonder how some groups like the rolling stones impact music, in general. some groups are bigger than the music they put out.
 It's like a comedian getting invited over to the couch on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson?
 I am... Nice chatting with you!
 Are you a fan of Elvis Presley?
 Oh yes for sure. I actually saw him in concert in 1977 before he died. I was a little girl but went with my sisters! What a voice!!
 Did you see the HBO film about his life?
 Wow!      What was the name of the first place he recorded?    I believe Sam Phillips owned it.
 That is odd.    I really liked his guitar player in the early days.
 I do too! I think one of his best works, besides Vegas, Was when he did his concert in Hawaii! They called it Aloha from Hawaii. I remember seeing it live on TV. It was a big deal. You can see it on Utube, his voice is incredible!! He is the King of Rock and Roll!! 
 I have travelled some, and went by Graceland, but didn't go inside.
 I don't remember.     I wonder if King Kalakaua visited Graceland when he travelled around the world.
 I wonder if Judge Judy appears in either of those places?     She is the second highest paid celebrity!
 Thanks!    I think I will watch more of that Ethipian chef urging people to eat more diverse foods.
 lol, good idea!! Have a good night!
 You too.     Enjoy some of DJ Fontana's drumming with your Elvis!
 I love music of many genres. 
 I loved "Dictator" with Charlie Chaplin ;) That was a good silent movie :)
 I guess both have their own charm ;)
 Or like the Three Stooges, combine movement and dialog, with sound effects thrown in for good measure.
 aahh... another classic :) Horror silent movies were good as well - "Nosferatu" ?
 I have not. But I do enjoy watching Netflix. I certainly account for the 33% bandwidth in North America from 9PM to 12 AM.
 Haha yes I agree, apparently this Nanette special though is like a comedy stand-up routine, I might check it out it sounds pretty good
 Yes they definitely should have bought them for only $59 when they had the chance LOL
 I don't know much about the comics. I do know that Stan Lee created most and he ended every phone conversation with the word "Excelsior!"
 That would be fun and I could impress everyone when I say DC Comics really means Detective Comics Comics.
 Very smart. Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting information.
 Yes I learned a lot about comic books, also the fact that they got popular back in the 1930s and that was a long time ago
 I  also love comedy, the emphasis of the genre is humour and I love to laugh, a good comedy film can cheer anyone up
 yea they have so many subscribers.
 It was great chatting with you. 
 Congrats on your health. That is great! 
 Are you a fan of Boy Band BTS?
 I wonder if the fact they won top social artist helped album sales?
 So, you are not a big fan of BTS, what albums do you like?
 What band recorded that album?
 Interesting.    I prefer NWA's straight outta compton.
 I believe acts formed naturally are better than those from bootcamps such as most KPOP groups
 Had he gone through such rigor, Tupac Shakur probably never could've reached cultural significance in the library of congress.
 True.    Eminem actually wanted to become a comic artist.    Makes more sense than Busta Rhymes in the Rugrats movie.
 Yeah they would likely be around today and Facebook would not be. I enjoyed MySPace.
 Sure did.  I prefer Nike over Reebok, I am sure he is the next jordan of Nike
 He is a "shoe-in" for the hall of fame!  lol
 Hello what sort of entertainment do you enjoy?
 I also enjoy the NFL. On another note. Did you ever watch bill nye the science guy?
 Its actually a funny story. He entered a steve martin look a like contest and won it. Lol.
 Is it entertainment? Lol.
 I cant say that I did, because that would be a lie. Did you know the only actor to win best actor 3 times is daniel day-lewis.
 Im sure whoever that director was felt like a real dummy. Lol. So did you ever have a nintendo?
 I loved nintendo. Did you know that it could only display 54 colors.
 It sure has. The nintendo was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in Japan. It had a good run though.
 No what do they give them?
 That is awesome. Im gonna go look up eminems oscar awards and see how many he actually has. HAve a good one.
 Me too, the old vinyl albums are the best.  The artwork always catches my attention.
 I still have that on old vinyl as well as my original Michael Jackson album with 'Beat It" on it.
 Yeah, Van Halen and Michael Jackson are the 80s to me.  Eddie is a very talented guitarist.  
 Yes, I still have my original vinyl, Dark Side Of The Moon album.
 I may listen to Linkin Park and Pink Floyd music when I take a break later.
 Cool, sounds like a fun afternoon. Well, it's been nice chatting with you fellow music lover.  Enjoy the rest of your day , friend.
 I know right, there can be many medical advances just by studying them, 
 I have no idea but that jellyfish seems interesting as well, many medical advances can be done thanks to those animals
 Oh yes Disney Films are wonderful. Disney was way ahead of his time and did some wonderfully creative projects in his time.It certainly does not surprise me that he holds the record in awards.I did not know that he was given a special oscar for snow white. That was nice. 
 I would love to touch a star. I did not know that some were cool enough to do so. I love the natural world and science related topics. So amazing!
 No, I read the news about the Royal family.
 Harry watch dance with his fiance in south wales this month. Its very nice to spend time with loved ones.
 Yeah, I agree. Are you a fan of Anne Hathaway?
 I like her. Harry and megahan markle might be the biggest of big name setups.
 Sure. Drama is the very nice to watch play, comedy, ballet etc performed in theatre.
 Yes, He is the paid actor in TV drama.
 I like the classical touch. I watched serial in olden days.
 Yes, Did you know Kim kardashian ?
 She is a multi-talented personality. She has released a variety of products including the 2014 mobile game kim
 Kim was the author of the book "Selfish"
 Well I can say that I do like them, I like the Sound of Music and Sweeney Todd a lot, how about you?
 No clue! I'm guessing you didn't have to be famous to be on it, clearly. Now is obviously the opposite, I remember the LAPD asked her to tweet info about roadwork to reach more people.
 haha that is funny, well you will definitely reach a lot of people with that probably at least 10 million, it's kind of sad that that was the best way for them to get their info across haha, people probably wouldn't pay attention otherwise
 yes, I don't know about that, I thought he did really good work in dramas, I do think it's funny Michael Caine only became an actor to be around cute girls, he was great in Austin Powers 3 though haha
 Everyone is connected it seems like. If you ever feel like streaming dramas, there's a website that has thousands of radio drama episodes for free.
 I love watching Basketball in fact did you know that there are 30 teams in total? That's a lot!
 Its the Toronto Raptors
 My favorite team was the Seattle Supersonics before they became nonexistant
 Exactly! That's why i miss them!
 Yep, sure am thats why i love the Sonics!
 It's ok as long as you like the snow and rain but if you like the sunshine then California is a good place and then you can watch the Golden State warriors play
 No way! Not against Jordan, 
 Yeah, dont forget about Scotty Pippen too the three alone would dominate the court.
 Curry is only good from the three. He doesnt do much else.
 Yes he was but that doesn't make him great or memorable like Jordan dunking or Larry Bird
 I'm just comparing their remembrances and i dont think i would remiember Stephen Curry as much as i do the others.
 That's true, they would. Well, its getting late here so i better get going for now. It was great talking to you! I hope you have a great night!
 Thanks!    Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?       
 I wasn't at first! She was so out there but eventually her voice totally won me over and I love her now! Some of her songs are overplayed and annoying but she's great!
 Boiling points.     I wonder if her good friend Elton John ever appeared on that show.
 Perhaps they should do a soundtrack like Gaga and Cooper!
 Anything!     Film soundtracks are big business.    The o Brother soundtrack is certified 8 times platinum.
 Too true!     Thanks for the chat!    I think I'm going to go listen to some classic radio dramas for free on a website!
 You too!
 Never knew that.  Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only two US presidents that did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies.
 I never knew that.  Laws mentioned in the bible required farmers to leave parts of their fields unharvested for strangers.
 I've read that before.  In 2011 Donald Jackson and a team of calligraphers completed what is believed to be the first illuminated and handwritten bible since the invention of the printing press.  It took them 12 years and cost $8 million dollars!
 Sounds good!  Whoa!  I thought he would have made more money than that.
 That
 Nice!  Sorry I hit the enter button before.  According to George Lucas, the entire Star Wars saga is told by R2D2, some hundred years after the return of the jedi.
 Wow.  Colin McGregor, brother of actor Ewan McGregor is a British RAF pilot in real life and goes by the call sign "Obi Two"
 lol That's funny.  Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research.
 I have seen it great movie
 I highly recommend it. In any case thanks for chatting
 Yeah, I've definitely gotta see them. Episode IV came out in August before I went back to school in 8th grade, and I was blown away.
 Nice chatting with you!
 I haven't seen it yet either.  I was going to ask if it was any good. lol  It looks good.  It was up for an Academy Award.
 Yes.  I've pretty much liked everything they've ever been a part of.  I believe they performed one of the songs together at the Academy Awards.  Lady Gaga has become a huge star.
 She has, she is young and she will continue to grow,
 Yes.  Her name came from a predictive text glitch that changed radio to lady.  I never knew that.
 Did you know that Elton John chose Lady Gaga as his son's Godmother?
 I was surprised to find that out.  Even more surprising is that her favorite band is Iron Maiden!
 Yes I agree.  Steve Spielberg played the clarinet on the Jaws soundtrack.  That's a good example.
 Yes I agree!  Phil Collins recorded the English, Italian, German, Spanish, and French versions of the Tarzan soundtrack.  That's  some talent!
 I do like them!  Very catchy music.  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 If that is what he is thinking then great, hopefully not just going crazy then some of the actors. What do you think about Kim Kardashian
 Yeah me neither. I guess if you work hard enough and have talent you will succeed. With a bit of luck too. He is a great player. The 2015 season MVP for good reason!
 No way. I should really watch that movie because I haven't seen it yet! I love visiting Disneyland which is right near the Disney Studios in Burbank California. 
 Yeah I totally see that being that case! Epcot is cool though! Well it was nice talking with you have a great day!
 Wow what a collaboration, I want to check it out now
 I like that. The guy who impersonated a French government official and sold the Eiffel Tower is my hero. There was a Beverly Hillbillies episode where a local con man sold the Clampetts the freeway, Griffith Park and a whole lot of other stuff.
 There's something appealing about that kind of shameless scoundrel. I just wonder who actually fell for it -- must've been the perfect combination of rich and dumb.
 Probably not -- I certainly can't afford it LOL. But I like the idea of space tech becoming so cheap that permanent human settlements can exist there. I loved Robinson's Red Mars trilogy. Would you?
 I agree!  The US government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years.  It happened 3 times in 1977.
 Crazy.  JP Morgan bailed out the US government in 1895.  
 It is and the treasury dept. isn't much better.  The US government published the full names of anybody who chooses to renounce their citizenship.
 The government sure hates them.  The Chinese government has censored the word "censorship"
 lol Do you like to watch horror movies?
 Definitely. Scifi and horror are my favorite genres. Do you?
 I'm a fan of both comedies and horror movies.  Christopher Nolan meant for Inception to be a horror film.  It eventually evolved into a heist film.
 LOL That's funny!  The 1996 horror film Scream was originally supposed to be titled Scary Movie.
 It would make sense, given all the movie spoofs with similar titles like Teen Comedy.
 Yes!  The writer of the Rocky Horror Picture Show is the voice of the dad on Phineas and Ferb, which I've never seen. lol
 lol That doesn't surprise me coming from him.  ET was originally scripted to be a horror movie.
 I bet!  I never knew that fact before today.  On a different note before I have to go...the sunset on Mars is blue.  That would be neat to see.  It
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes I would love to ride them one day! What about you?
 Yeah! Well I didn't know babies smile more when they hit the beat.
 Babies are happy go around.  And I like seeing them playful
 I see.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 You too!
 Bye!
 Yeah no doubt all the ladies loved him! I always wonder how Michael Jackson was able to do that lean move. Apparently he has a patent on the device which allowed him to do it (RIP Michael). 
 It was great chatting with you too!
 I agree that does sounds sketchy. Maybe I should move to Monaco. They got rid of the income tax back in 1869, too much revenue coming from casinos made it unnecessary I guess
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that once a man wore 70 pieces of clothes on top of each other to avoid paying a baggage fee that's awesome LOL
 They must have been great pants.  I love that Collinsville, IL has a law that prohibits "saggy pants.". The whole US needs that, in my opinion.
 Some people dress silly. In the United Kingdom, the word pants generally means underwear and not trousers.
 Wow. They're making a live action Aladdin. 
 sorry i don't know exact meaning
 It took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house on november 11, 2011
 sorry i don't know
 It took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house on november 11, 2011
 yes i know i love eminem rap song i think he is a rap god
 i don't know how to say but  i feel hear it again this song
 i like another akon songs
 i like akon  you don't know this person 
 more rap artist is here but i love this person i\only
 i love this voice and lyrics also 
 great talking, Happy Holidays !
 I agree. Well, it was a pleasure talking to you. Have a good rest of your day. 
 My son has auditioned for the Broadway show.
 He is small and has dark hair. and he would be a good fit. I loved the movies.
 2009. JK Rowling also insisted that the movies be made in Britain and have an all British cast.  I am so happy that she did!
 I would watch it. I loved the books and the movies. Did you like them?
 No I never read them, I only like some of the movies, so this probably wouldn't be for me but I might watch it if I had a free ticket LOL
 I loved the Prisoner of Azkaban. I liked Sirius Black's character. I go almost every year to a show. I live in chicago so it's close
 Yes, I I'm a Potterhead.  I love all things Harry Potter.  Read all the books and seen all the movies.
 So true. I honor her ability to continue trying and not accepting defeat. That is definitely not easy. 
 She's a strong lady for sure.  She demanded that Harry Potter be filmed only in Britain with an all British cast, too.
 I am surprised they considered shutting down. But I am not surprised that Sleeping Beauty was unsuccessful. I was not a fan of that movie. 
 Yes, I did not know that either. Erin from the office was taught by Jon Haumm. 
 I heard about that! I actually have not seen a Harry Potter film or read a book....do you want to see the play?
 Oh wow, everyone I know has seen Harry Potter or read a book or all of them so I will have to check it out. I like J.K  Rowling a lot
 What!!! Wow, that's really bad!  Do you like Drama movies?
 I'm sure one day everyone will have similar government systems, we all tend to think alike at the end of the day. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good one!
 Perhaps so.   I guess yoga and meditation might be less threatening than dodgeball.
 True.    I do think a name like Inward Bound Mindfulness Education is a little bit over the top!
 I think dance can also be a way to experience mindfulness.
 Then there is the other end, where the Japanese alphabet, recited in order is a poem!
 Too true.    Even babies dance and smile when music and rhymes are pleasing to them.
 True, although I would guess one of the 20 quintillion individual animals on the earth once had those moves before humans.
 Yeah same here, have a good day!
 Hello, how are you doing today? Do you know much about yoga?
 A little bit.    I've been reading about mindfulness summer camps.
 That sounds about right! I am not sure if I would feel too comfortable doing some of the moves in front of so many people.
 Yea, that feels pretty weird to me. It also is very expensive, and those camps even more so!
 True.      Yoga and dance are actually quite related!
 Yea? Do you like to do much dancing? I can do a few Fortnite dances now that my kids constantly do them but thats about it!
 Anyone can dance a little.    Even babies will move and try to match a beat.
 Yea I have even seen some videos of animals dancing, I find that kind of interesting.
 That's an impressive number, I actually worked for a reptile breeding facility and there were probably close to 500 thousand animals in that small building so I cant imagine whats out there.
 The reports I've seen say there are over 7 million separate species!
 Yea, have you ever tried to get through The Divine Comedy? Its like a giant poem but action packed.
 Interesting.    That is the opposite of the Javanese Alphabet, which is simple but becomes a poem when recited in order.
 Thanks for the chat!    I think I will look into the Epic of Gilgamesh in Ancient Sumerian!
 You too, I hope that goes well for you!
 Have a good one!   Remember, repetition, verse form and rhyme!
 Yeah, I respect that. That way, even the children can listen to the albums that the parents are!
 Ah. Anyways, thank you for the chat!
 Haha, I have never owned one but I should probably buy one. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, he's a big jazz fan. WRote soundtracks for his films and everything. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
 Same here!  Gonna go listen to this box set of Miles Davis & John Coltrane.  Take care.
 lol Are you joking with me?
 LOL. You are funny. I wonder if they played a tune on the piano or was it frozen?
 LOL. Do you think it was the piano in the Hindenburg and they pushed it out because it weighed too much.
 LOL. That would be ironic. It has been fun chatting with you. Hope you have a good evening.
 Hello!  Do you like listening to music?
 You're welcome!  Did you know that Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century?  I had no idea.
 Holy smokes!  That had to have been a task.  I wouldn't want no part of that.  lol  Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 - more than over 40 years since it was released!  That's incredible to have that lasting power.
 Yes.  I agree.  I love how listening to music can immediately transport you back to a chapter in your life.
 Yes!  I had no idea he scored films.  How interesting!  Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney used the same piano to record their hits "Bohemian Rhapsody" and "Hey Jude" respectively.
 How neat!  I wish I never got rid of my vinyl albums.  It would be neat to go back and listen to them on a turntable.  Did you know that Jazz trumpeterers grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing?  I had no idea.
 I do play guitar but I'm not good.  I sing out of key with the best of them in my car though!  lol  I'm sure I've gotten a lot of looks through the years.  lol
 Give it a shot.  It's never too late to try and then you can at least know that you gave a go at it.  What's your favorite type of music?
 Her breakthrough hit "Respect" which was recorded in 1967 I think is one song that everyone in the United States can say that they know.
 Nice!  It was a pleasure chatting with you!  Don't give up that guitar dream!  Have a great evening!
 Yes, I love music! I do like Jazz.  find it very relaxing.
 Interesting, yes, I love to watch Aretha Franklin sing! She could bring down the house. Her voice was so strong!
 ha, ha, ha, yes!
 Very awesome - animals need to be protected more I think. 
 I did not. That's a lot of animal species. Well, it was a pleasure speaking to you. 
 I really like Queen's guitarist.
 Queen's guitarist is Brian May.
 Yeah, it was a great album. Well nice chatting with you. 
 Howdy! Are you a fan of comedy movies? Some of the best have comedians playing on the starring roles, like Bill Murray or Dimitrius Martin.
 Hi! I am definitely a comedy fan, I think Bill Murray is an amazing comedic actor!
 I watched the old movie, Stripes this week. Classic! Did you know Bill Murrar think "Kung Fu Hustle" is a supreme achievement  in comedic film. I haven't seen that one, but I plan to!
 Bromance? I can dig it.  Like the movie, The Hangover?
 Not much of a fan. My mind doesn't move as quickly as the lips move sometimes. The comedian Demitri Martin has a mind that seems to always spin out of control. Have you seen his comedy special? Another classic! He dropped out of Law school because he was bored. He plays the guitar too. I wonder if he raps...
 Nice. I bet they set the studio on fire. You know Van Halen literally set the studio speakers on fire when he recorded the guitar solo for the song, Beat It?
 I play a little. I'm no van halen or mathew bellamy. Did yo know bellamy holds the guinness world book record for most guitars smashed on tour? I am too emotionally attached to my guitar to do that.
 Great that he has a second skill set in case that music thing doesn't work out. Brian May, guitarist for Queen, uses coins as a pick. So if that music thing doesn't work out for him, I guess he can become a bank teller.
 Yeah, playing guitar is a challenge. It takes skill and coordination to finger the chords on the fret with one hand while you pick or strum with the other. Only the best become recording stars.
 No. Did he play for Pink Floyd?  Their guitarist turned a houseboat into a recording studio. I don't recall his name though.
 Still a classic! Hey, nice chatting with you!
 I really love mysteries. They were my favorite to borrow from the library when I worked there as a teen. 
 So true. I think if we put more emphasis on libraries the world would be a better place. 
 I think you can really see his personality reflected in his writing. It is serious but with a bit of a mischeivious happiness too. 
 We participate quite a bit in our library programs. I wish I could find one like the worst sentence one. I think that would be absolutely hilarious to try. 
 I use their electronic rental service for my e-reader more now than visiting. It is a lot more convenient and helps avoid late fees.
 It's definitely very convenient for those who utilize other services than books. I actually used to work in a library coordinating after school care for children. We would develop programs, read with them, and assist with their homework.
 I remember we did something in the school and I was quite good, but it was long time ago. Anyway 4700 seems amazing. My next question would be to this person: do you remember what was text about? lol
 Great chatting with you - have an awesome day!
 Good morning, how are you doing today?
 Fine. Reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding sysmbols to derive meaning.
 There was "Moral panic" because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Ender's game was suggested reading for many military organizations, including the united states marine corps.
 In 1953 Sir winston churchill won nobel prize and it was in literature.
 Developments in print technology have allowed an ever-growing distribution and proliferation of written works, culminating in electronic liteature.
 Literature, is any body of written works. Its used to depth of the knowledge and culture and people living its very interesting.
 Thanks
 There are more libraries than mcdonald's in the united states.
 I have heard of them but i don't know a great deal about them. I know that they use a much more advanced form of binary language, utilizing multiple probabilities and simultaneously measuring and comparing the results. I have no idea how it does all that though
 The concept of a "skynet" like future is a little terrifying. The threat from Quantum computers is that once they exist they will render all current encryption algorithms obsolete. nothing will be secret anymore. 
 Yes but the beneficial things that we could do with that amount of computing power and speed is impressive too. Better weather forecasting, the search for Earth like planets, and the research that could be done on diseases and drugs. 
 Einstein said that "God does not play dice" but Stephen Hawkins countered with "God may have a few tricks up his sleeve" In my humble opinion, the minute we claim to know everything about a certain subject, the universe sends us a curve ball that puts everything we thought previously needs to be re-addressed.
 I too often wish for simpler times. Isnt this scary: The universe could possibly exist inside a black hole.
 that is interesting. If thats the case then we dont really need to worry about the threats of quantum computers.
 Well that makes hard moral decisions a lot easier. haha. Did you know that there is a cold spot in the cosmic microwave background that could be a link to a parallel universe. Id love to go visit myself in a parallel universe. 
 Thats not a lot of time to do anything, and that would be a terrible nights sleep. 
 Its terrible what we are doing to this planet. I dislike the argument that there is no real evidence that suggests we are ruining this planet. Even if there isn't wouldn't you want to do the right thing anyway. What is wrong with clean energy and replacing trees that are cut down.
 no more floating balloons thats so sad. 
 A bunch of stuff. Recently I've been looking into quantum computing.
 Did you know quantum computing could be a more imminent threat than artificial intelligence?
 I enjoy music and dance. What is your favorite video game?
 i am a huge tetris fan. I have never played fortnite but I know it's popular. I enjoy superhero games too for their supernatural powers.
 wow, that is overkill. But I am not surprised since there are 300 US superheros.
 stan lee could probably name them all. He wrote 15 comics.
 He was a true legend. Comics have been around since the 1930's.
 I haven't either. It is a bucket list item! I bet Michigan State University has it in their library because they have the largest comic collection.
 Wow! I want to go there. I would like to visit the worlds largest collection of comic books!
 That is appropriate since it is an entertaining place of fun! Have a nice evening! Nice meeting you!
 You too! Thank you for the chat!
 Bye!
 Bye!
 Lol No I have not but thats interesting.I do like to listen to the dueling banjos.
 Indeed. Since the 1920s Jazz Age, jazz is recognized all over the world as a major form of expression. That Pakistan jazz orchestra is topping the charts!
 I love that as it spread throughout the world, it drew on different national, regional, and local music. The result is so many distinctive styles. Even just in New Orleans the jazz is so diverse!
 Oh yeah. I heard it's the best selling album of the 21st century! I guess a lot of people have acquired the taste!
 I do music is an excellent art form.
 Yes, it is. I would like to hear it. Jazz is so interesting to me. I love guitar music...it's the best!
 What! Wow, he is an amazing guitarist. Van Halen has always been a favorite of mine. The Guitar just has a awesome sound and Eddie is one of the best!
 Right! Me too. Actually Aerosmith made more money off of guitar hero than any album they ever recorded...that is crazy! Their career has been spectacular.
 Right? A red blood cell is microscopic so it blows my mind. Another amazing guitarist is Mary Halvorson, She is considered jazz but who can really tell anymore with so many genre's!
 I agree, jazz really can't be put into a category since there's so many types. We probably hear more jazz than we realize. I find it interesting that many great artists studied jazz at some point, like Tupac Shakur.
 Exactly, and all of these amazing guitarists are jazz musicians. I always think of jazz as saxophones lol....
 I still have some Marley Albums lol, have a great night! Bye!
 Thanks!
 That's crazy. I wonder how it sounded. He uses a sixpence as a guitar pick.
 WOW! That is small. I would have like to have visited the grand houseboat and recording studio. That would have been fun!
 Really? That must be a really good guitar at a good value. I wonder if eddie van halen played it on the guitar solo for beat it?
 Oh, I got it know. I thought you meant someone else named it. Im not smart. I like to say I am the beauty not the brains. But Im too ugly to say that!
 funny, nice chat
 Thanks... Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah... definitely allows creative freedom!
 Oh really?  I did not like that!  I really like Clint Eastwood!  He's a great actor/director
 So true!  A man with true talent! 
 Oh yeah!  You tube is awesome for music!!!
 That was good one to know
 Every time Stephen Curry makes a 3 pointer he donates Mosquito Nets to protect families in Africa.
 That's awesome! I love when celebrities use their fame to support charity. He definitely deserves his MVP status in the NBA.
 Hah! I would hate to be in their shoes when that came up. Nike's made some missteps, but they are brand loyal. Did you hear about what happened with their Air Jordans?
 YES! That would be hilarious! 
 Good Morning! Do you use Amazon at all?
 Wow that's pretty cool. I bet it smelled terrible. I've caught a few smaller black tip sharks and eaten them before. 
 It was great talking to you!
 Hi! Do you like basketball?
 Oh I guess that makes some sense. I'm sure you have used the granny style to score a basket, but nba players won't do it because they think they look stupid! 
 Yeah, I guess so.
 At the time he was only in high school, so it must have sucked then. 
 I know, after all that money, I would hope not.
 The golden state warriors plays for a foundation that donates mosquito nets to families in africa. Each 3 pointer Steph Curry makes, 3 nets are donated. I thought this was nice of them.
 The whole team.
 Nice talking to you, bye!
 I am huge fans of both of theirs!
 I always root for Golden State and Steph.
 His daughter always seems to steal the spotlight though...lol
 I meant that she is so cute that everyone notices her more than Steph.
 She can be quite funny in front of the media and the camera!
 Yep, 3 nets per 3-pointer. That is so wonderful of an idea.
 no problem, keep an eye out for Stephen "wardell" curry!
 cool i like that team.Lebron james and stephen curry were both born in akron ohio.wow
 wow i never knew that. he only makes the 5th highest salary on his team.
 I have every pair since 1988. Tim duncan made a smart move
 I love miller and his sister. 
 and itg good for Tim duncan to stay in school first before the nba
 it was nice chatting with you. It baskball time good night
 hahaha that is funny. steph curry probably wont have to worry about it when hes done. and i appreciate he has a foundation that donates mosquito nets to families in africa. 3 nets for every 3 pointer...good intention and good PR
 the only one in NBA history to be voted unanimously. His father's name is the same as his. He's a second...better than a junior for sure.
 Hey!
 I do! Not too often but sometimes! Who is your fav NBA player? Or team?
 Phoenix Suns for me as well lol I also like Stephen Curry he is such a talented player!
 Lo, I am not sure on that, I just know he has been called one of the best NBA players ever. The Golden State Warriors are a decent team.
 I hadn't really heard of the Warriors before Curry came along. He helped them return to the finals in 2017 and 2018.
 Yes he did! Curry is a good guy too he donates mosquito nets to Africa for each 3 pointer he makes he donates 3 nets...pretty cool!
 Cool! Also, LeBron James and Curry are both from Akron Ohio, funfact there!
 Right! Pretty interesting! The NBA has some awesome talent!!
 Really? That's cool! I didn't know granny style shooting is the best way to shoot!
 Hahaha, who really care if they score!
 Maybe no one would watch them! Haha, just kidding, maybe!
 WoW! Now there is an amazing deal! I would take it lol!     It has been great chatting! Hope you have a great night! Bye
 Hello!  Are you a basketball fan?
 That was the year he won the MVP wasn't it?
 The Golden State Warriors set the all time NBA record for wins in 2016 and ironically...that's the year they lost to the Cavs! lol
 Definitely!  Could you imagine if they beat the Cavs in 2016?  That would have been one heck of a title streak.  Did you know that Stephen Curry was born in Akron, Ohio?
 lol I'm surprised that in his MVP year of 2015 he had only the 5th highest salary on the team.
 Oh yeah.  That might be more than his NBA salary over the long term.  His first name is actually Wardell - named after his father Wardell "Dell" Curry.
 Yes!  He is credited with revolutionizing the game by inspiring teams to employ the 3 point shot as part of their winning strategies!
 I do!  I like James "Fear the Beard" Hardon.
 Oh yeah!  Houston outscored their opponents by a league high 8.6 points per game.  Not too shabby.
 I would have to go for the Warriors again!  That's just too good of a story and all those winning seasons in a row.
 Yes.  lol  It was nice chatting with you tonight!  Have a nice evening!
 Hello.
 Hi, Do you like basketball?
 Yeah. I dont hardly watch anymore but I like it.
 I didnt know that. Thats kind of sad when you think about it.
 True. not all of them can sign a shoe deal like jordan or iverson did huh.
 There is a player, his name is Tim Duncan he did not go directly to the NBa but went to college first for 4 years, I think that was good!
 Yeah but if he had gotten hurt in college and missed his chance at the nba. That would have been bad as well
 Why is that.
 I know it would be worth a whole lot.
 Well, yo are right, he would have $8.62 billion ouch!
 Dang, I bet he is kicking himself huh. 
 Have you heard about Steve Curry?
 Is he related to steph.
 Well he has a brother named Seth Curry and Mychel Thompson, are you referring to any of them?
 His name is actually steph curry not steven.
 His name is actually Stephen Curry
 Yes, but he goes by steph not teven.
 right , well have a good one
 Yes, I do! He plays for the Golden State Warriors, and he's their star and MVP, but shockingly enough he only makes the 5th highest salary on his team.
 Yeah, I agree with you! He sounds like a good man also, because he plays part in a foundation that donates mosquito nets to protect families in africa. for each 3 pointer he makes 3 nets get donated.
 His charity makes him a god. I think this is why he was the first player in NBA history to be elected MVP by a unanimous vote. Truly deserved.
 That's such a great coincidence. It would be really interesting to see Lebron James sign with under armour as well.
 Speaking of names, his brother, Seth Curry, also played basketball. He even played with Steph on the santa cruz warriors together in 2013.
 Speaking of the fact that the NBA was merged with NBL in 1949, that's truly progress.
 Yeah, it sure is! It's kind of funny because in the last 20 years, only 3 number one overall picks in the nba draft have won a championship and they were all members of either the cleveland cavaliers or golden state warriors.
 They are both great teams. I pretty sure they got carried by their stars.
 A god, as always. I wish them luck in San Francisco this year!
 Yeah, me too! Well, it was nice talking to you. 
 Nice talking to you as well. Let the NBA give great games to boost our morale!
 I do know the player Steph Curry. I Like that he donates mosquito nets to families in Africa for each 3 pointer he makes.
 Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting information about basketball.
 And don't forget to shoot granny style, physicists say is the best technique.
 I believe that he IS the best. Steph Curry started a foundation where he donates mosquito nets to families in africa, three for every three pointer!
 I agree, and if they do not pay him more he should go and join another team. I am sure many other teams would be willing to pay a lot of money to get Steph  Curry.
 Thank you for you time too, it was fun chatting with you!
 Oh, yeah.  Golden State.  Man, I really though Houston had a chance to beat Golden State in the Western conference finals last season.  Steph Curry's pretty amazing.
 I do, I am a Mavericks fan.  What about you?
 Sure, invest a little to get a lot.  Allen Iverson did pretty well for himself too, he will get 32 million when he turns 55.
 He certainly could have taken lessons from Stephen Curry how to shoot.  He has changed the game with this 3 point shooting from silly distances.
 I hear you.  I like watching the league, but I love the Mavericks though.  I found out they originally wanted to call the NBA the Basketball Association of America.  BAA?  Sounds like a sheep.
 Don't give up hope, it can happen.  My Mavericks were the laughing stock of the league in the early and mid 90s.  On a side note, I am glad Steph went with Steph instead of his real first name Wardell.
 Not much, but I do enjoy the game. You?
 Imagine how Spencer Hayward must feel. Back in the day he was offered a 10% stake in Nike and he turned it down for a mere $100k  His stake would be worth almost a billion dollar today!
 Hey, did you hear that Golden State is making a move to San Fran in 2019?
 No. Talk about a shadow!  Poor Curry. He went to Nike to have a promo deal presentation, and Nike botched it so badly that he left and went somewhere else. The PowerPoint presentation made to him had mistakenly listed other players names on it instead of his... Epic fail!
 This, after he had the unfortunate situation in college, where NONE of the major conference schools offered him a scholarship. That might put a chip on his shoulder...
 Good think he has not made him bitter. He is part of a charity that donate mosquito nets to protect families in Africa.
 That is very cool, I have heard that too.  Well it's been nice chatting, I hope you have a good night. 
 I would assume so. Both of those players are star players, some of the best the world has to offer!
 He should go and renew his contract with another team. I am sure that many teams out there would be willing to pay large sums of money for him.
 Agreed, Steph Curry does have very good synergies with his current team.
 Thank you too, it was a lot of fun!
 He is one of my favorite, too. Did you know that he donated to charity and is a star player?
 That's what makes him Jesus. He uses his skill to raise charity.
 Tim Duncan at least spent his money for college.
 Stephen Curry, the legend, has never received scholarship offers but still got one of the highest salaries! Truly admirable!
 Yes. Stephen Curry is a nice name. So is his brother's name, Seth Curry.
 I like the Golden State Warriors?  Are you a fan?
 Did you know during his MVP season he was the only player ever to win the award by a unanimous vote?
 I doubt it.  He is credited now with inspiring teams to include the 3 point shot as part of their winning strategies.
 Yes!  He is part of a foundation that donates mosquito nets to protect families in Africa - for each 3 pointer he makes...3 nets get donated.
 I did know that.  He was born in Akron, Ohio.  My home state so that's one reason I follow him.  His dad played for the Cavs when I was a kid.
 Definately.  ...and I think LeBron is on the downside of his career as well whereas Steph is on the upside.
 It's going to be tough for the Warriors.  Houston has outscored their opponents by a league high 8.6 points per game.
 In the end, it's all about putting that little ball through the hoop and  anything could happen regardless of stats.  lol  I do like James Hardon however.
 Golden State is going to get a run for their money and some are saying that they are the underdogs.
 Agree. Can't wait for March Madness, then the NBA play-offs. I'll still hope the Warriors get rings again this year! Cheers!
 You bet!  It's been a pleasure!
 Thanks.You, too. Love to chat w/another fan!
 Hello!  Do you follow the NBA?
 Yes.  Are you familiar with Stephen Curry?
 Yes.  He is known for his 3 point shots and the only player to ever be unanimously voted the MVP.
 He's actually a smaller guy.  But he's so good at the 3 pointer that he has influenced other teams to incorporate the 3 point shot into their winning strategies!
 Yes.  I'm sure he has a ton of endorsements.  He has helped turn the Golden State Warriors into winners...they have won 3 out of the last 4 titles.
 He is.  Ironically though during his MVP season he was only the 5th highest paid player on the team!
 I believe UnderArmor.  I don't think he has a good a deal as ex NBA player Allen Iverson.  Did you hear about his big endorsement contract with Reebok?
 He scored big.  He signed a lifetime endorsement deal with Reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 per year until he reaches 55.  At that time he then will receive a final lump sum payment of $43 million dollars!  Crazy money.
 I can't believe that any company can afford to shell out that much money.  Michael Jordan was endorsed by Nike and they were willing to pay the fine each game he wore his shoes because the NBA banned them when he started  wearing them.
 lol yes.  Too bad they can't take that money and use it to help the needy, homeless, etc.
 True.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you.  Hope you have a great evening!
 Yeah I mean at least take the time to delete the other name, I bet someone got fired that day lol, he signed for another great brand though
  I like his positive attitude.  he said a lot of getting back was talking to himself and willing himself to be better because he knows what he can do.  
 I wonder why the Golden State Warriors are planning a move to San Fran for the 2019 season?  I didn't realize they moved from Philly in 1962
 Im not much into sports.
 Steph Curry seems to be one of the highest paid players there is.
 Hes one a lot of rewards. I wonder does he still play?
 LOL nope i just stating the facts lol. Lets see what else is there?
 ya he seems like a nice guy, for every 3 point shot he makes in a game, his foundation donates 3 mosquito nets to areas affected by malaria
 ya thats true, but I will say in the past 20 years only 3 #1 draft picks actually won a championship, and Lebron is one of them
 I'm actually not sure, I do know that Michael Jordan was, funny that his shoes were banned by the NBA and Nike just paid the fine so he could keep wearing/advertising them haha
 I had no idea they could do that!  I do know that they don't have rib cages which is good to know if you ever get attacked by one on land lol!
 I know that's right!  Sharks are very interesting!
 ya they average 115 points per 100 possessions, and they won two championships in 3 years, Im hopeful that continues
 ya they have a great lineup, they call them the Haptoms Five and that includes Stephen Curry, he's awesome btw
 I'm a big Sixers fan and Allen Iverson was my favorite player growing up! He did have a problem with spending his money though.
 His agent really made a nice decision in negotiating that for him. So many athletes go broke due to financial mismanagement.
 I like some of the Warriors and some of them I can't stand. It's hard to deny that they're a dominant and exciting team to watch though.
 I know he was a second round pick and did not get the big money guarantees that first round picks get. He also fixed that situation when he got his first new contract!
 Agreed and good on his part for doing that. I do love it when athletes "give back" so to speak. It's weird he was born in Akron, Ohio which is where LeBron is from!
 Ha! That is so true!  I've seen the arena before years ago but never been inside or attended a live game. Would love to see a game at the Oracle Arena someday. I love that name for an arena as well!
 That is a great name, it just sounds like a place where success is made unlike where the headquarters of the NBA is, it's located in the Olympic Tower in New York, I'd like to visit New York some day.
 No kidding. The players unions should have some kind of money management class for their players.
 Yeah. Now he's going through a divorce and she gets half! She's gonna be rich!
 I did know that but that's only because I have a kindle. I do miss physical books though. I would like to have a building named after me though!
 I would buy one and brag to my friends about it. There's my Amazon building... Im letting Jeff borrow it for a while..
 No, I would run! Nice chatting with you!
 Curry has a heart too.  He's in a foundation that gives nets to those in need in Africa every time he makes a 3 pointer.
 I love the 2 best teams. he Houston Rockets and Golden State Warriors
 I wish I could have seen the game. The Rockets scored 114.6 points per 100 possessions
 yeah, they broke records. It was the 11th highest since 1979-80, the first year the NBA adopted the three-point line
 IT good that Tim duncan finished school before the NBA
 ok, Steph curryplays part in a foundation that donates mosquito nets to protect families in africa
 Well they did get to win back-to-back titles after that
 I remember the finals. curry became the first player in NBA history to be elected MVP by a unanimous vote
 yes he led the league in scoring while shooting above 504090
 I agree, that was why Steph Curry decided to sign with Underarmour instead. I bet Nike wish that they had tried harder during the sales pitch to Steph Curry now!
 Yep, and even though they were banned, Michael Jordan still wore them and paid the fine every game. 
 True, although I think that Michael Jordan spurred up a lot of attention for the Air Jordans when he paid the fine every game.
 Nice talking to you!
 Have a good one!
 Hopefully, otherwise he should go and find another team because I am sure that many teams would be willing to pay a large sum of money for Steph Curry.
 When there are really epic or funny moments, I do.
 So have I, especially when Stephen Curry's around.
 That's why charity exists, like what Stephen Curry does.
 Yes!  Are you a fan of Stephen Curry?
 I agree.  He was the only NBA MVP ever to win with a unanimous vote!
 He did.  He was made the Golden State Warriors the kings of the 3 point shot.
 Yes.  Wasn't that in 2017 and 2018?
 I'm not sure.  They also went to the finals in 2016 but lost to the Cavs that year.
 Yes it is!  Believe it or not he didn't receive any college scholarship offers for a major conference school.
 Believe it or not he only had the 4th highest salary on the Warriors in 2015.
 I bet you're right.  The team he plays for the Golden State Warriors relocated to the San Francisco Bay area in 1962 from Philadelphia.
 I didn't know that.  Interesting.  They play their home games at the Oracle Arena.  I wonder if that was around then?
 I wonder if they will ever top their record for most wins in a season?  ...which ironically was the one year that they lost the championship.  lol
 oh ya it takes a lot of time for sure, I like that Michael Jackson patented his leaning device, it is so iconic
 That just blew my mind. Michael Jackson and his leaning device for dance? That's just too funny. I knew an old lady so obsessed with MJ she decorated her house with his memorabilia.
 She plays Daenerys Targaryen, the Mother of Dragons. Incredibly beautiful with the silverish hair in the show. Anyway she did the funky chicken and robot dance to get the part lol
 I love music.   It makes me happy. Anyway, I've got to go now.  Nice chatting with you.
 Same here.
 Have you had to face any racism regarding your physical characteristics in your life? I have not had to, I am thankful for the jobs that I have had that I've worked in many environments as the minority race.
 Oh nice. You ever been to New Orleans. Jazz began as early as 1910 there!
 I guess theres only one way to find out, I have to grow a goatee and learn how to play the trumpet
 And you have to let me know how that goes! Lots of people enjoy dancing to jazz music. Babies for example spontaneously dance when they hear music!
 I will, maybe you can grow a goatee as well and we can form our own jazz group and then an orchestra
 Yeah I bet they are pretty expensive. Dance is great though, very aesthetic with symbolic value. 
 That is mind blowing for sure. Nice chatting with you.
 yeah its like youtube for for cops, I don't know if htey have a cop version of baby shark though haha
 Justin Bieber's baby is the most disliked video on youtube. HAHAHA...
 That had to upgrade the view counter to 64 bits for that video. When I read that I thought it was the william hung. Ha!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Okay. I've never heard of that before. But I'm sure it cheered up whoever it involved. I know I would appreciate a candy desk at work!
 Hey hows it going? Are you a Disney fan?
 I am!  I liked the Frozen that came out in 2013.
 Jennifer Lee, the writer and co-director, is the first woman director of a Walt Disney animation studios feature film.
 Yes!  Before "Let it Go" was written Elsa was the main villain in Frozen, however the song was so uplifting her character was changed instead of the song.
 Nice!  Disney renamed "Rapunzel" to "Tangled" and "Snow Queen" to "Frozen" because they blamed feminine titles for underperforming box offices.  Odd.
 Ahh ok.  I wasn't sure.  I've seen that name pop up before.  I know who Psy is.  Jackie Chan manages a k-pop boy band. lol
 Interesting.  Three young women from Korea were huge stars in the USA back in the 1960's and were arguably the first k-pop band. lol
 That is crazy for sure!  Do you know many facts about telephones?
 I know that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.  I would do that for sure.
 That is a lot of power we carry around in our pockets.  It's impossibe to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together.  It's been fun chatting!
 lol ..and you got it!  Have a great day!
 Cool, it was nice talking to you
 It was good talking to you. I've never used a rotary phone. 
 Sounds like they have a higher priotity lol, 
 Kangaroo and how about you?
 That is so true!  Kind of scary when you stop and think about it.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon, friend.  Hope you get to enjoy the rest of your day and keep loving the animals!
 That could very well be the case. As far as I'm concerned the possibilities are endless.
 That doesn't sound like Florida at all. It was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a great night!!! Thanks
 Hi. Just i know that but I am not read his Novels. Did you read it?
 ohh. Because of he is famous writter or The true worth of typerwritter is thousand $?
 ok. frnd.  see that new employees of google are called "NOOGLERS" and are given propeller beanie cap to wear on their first friday.
 yah.. beanie cap is wear on that one day only. 
 hmm yah.. its also a famous company also
 hmm yah.. Google is an unimagable source for  Internet. 
 90% peoples are check their Internet is work or not use google
 yah.. in india Amazon is very famous shopping site and last 4 year Amazon make all Indian to shopping very easily. 
 Do you like Amazon Kindle?
 But hold a book to read its a very good feel so don't like kindle
 I wonder whether we'll get discovered first. That would be wild. Anyhow, thanks for the chat! Have a good night!
 Hi are you a fan of google?  I'm a googler. lol
 I agree!  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon!
 I wonder where I was on that day?  I can't remember.  lol  Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road.  Interesting.
 I know right?  I would have liked to have seen when google brought in hundereds of live goats to mow the lawns around their headquarters.  lol  
 Right?  Are you an Amazon fan?
 Yes.  I use their streaming service as well since I'm a prime member.  Hard to believe It's going to be 25 years soon since the company was founded in 1994.
 Yes!  The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him!  Talk about some bragging rights.  lol
 lol  IMDB has been owned by Amazon since 1998.  That makes sense. They probably link up the movies to Amazon so people can buy them.
 That's what I was thinking.  I wonder how that would be working in an Amazon warehouse?  Their warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift.  You would either love it for the health aspect or you would be miserable if you had any physical ailments.
 haha  Have you ever bought anything from AmazonBasics which is Amazon's in-house brand for low end products?  I don't think I have.
 I have too.  It's been fun chatting!  Have a good night!
 not really. I did buy a lot of books on there when that was all it had. I remember when it started selling other items as well. 
 I can't wait for that day lol. They just need to start delivering hot food. You can already get some groceries so it won't be long. They have already passed walmart as the most valuable retailer.
 Have a great day.
 bye
 I have always thought that was cool - I want goats to mow my lawn haha
 yeah:) their complex is nicknamed googleplex
 thats great if you need a package
 me too, can buy anything
 true, nice chatting
 :)
 Have a wonderful Holiday!
 Good morning! Glad we have www or the World Wide Web so that we can chat with each other today on the internet!
 Indeed! It's so ubiquitous you can even get service on Mt. Everest!
 I might need it if they do. You a Disney fan?
 I've enjoyed visiting Disney and I like to take my grandkids to some Disney movies. My kids watched Bill Nye the Science guy when they were young. He was the science consultant for Flubber movie!
 I think I read that one time but I guess I forget since we just always here Minnie Mouse. We are enjoying the Pixar and Disney Incredible movies. But we haven't seen the latest one yet.
 Oh, it's awesome. It was a little scary for my niece. Edna, the designer, was voiced by the director.
 That's really interesting. I bet that kind of thing doesn't happen very often. I'm glad to see that they brought back Nelson, Hunter, Vowell and Jackson to do their roles again for the second movie. It's good to have the consistency.
 I liked the music in the movie too. I think it was done by the same person as the first one, Michael Giacchino.
 It was great talking to you! I hope you have a good and profitable day!
 You know the richest superhero is actually black panther
 Dorothy steel is a 91 year old who made her big film acting debut as merchant tribal elder,
 Do you like fb ? it launched on February 4, 2004,
 WoW. A third of all divorce filings of 2011 in the u.s. contained the word 'facebook'.
 30% of american adults use facebook as their primary source of news and i am one of them
 Iceland is rewriting their constitution via facebook; allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.
 Wow. Facebook engineers originally wanted to call the "like" button the "awesome" button. How awesome 
 I want a free one. Goodbye friends lol
 You know I love polo shirts. by famous player rene "the crocodile" lacoste 
 Yes it made a ton of money. If I'm not mistaken I think it was one of the highest grossing movies of all time.
 Can we see the movie on Netflix now?  I heard that Chadwick Boseman did a good job in the movie.  He is a good actor after all.
 Do you like Oscar Wilde?  DId you know that his last words were "my wallpaper and I are fighting a duel to the death.  One or other of us has got to go."
 Weird... Olivia Wilde's name was originally Olivia Cockburn. She changed it as a tribute to Oscar Wilde... I think the name change was a good move! 
 ok, I don't wanna do that then.. lol :)
 Forest Gump will always be my favorite ;)
 lol... He is one of the best actors ever ;) classy dude 
 Lol... maybe they should... they wouldn't destroy the Star Wars for me then ;) lol
 Perfect timing with a premiere than :) Yes I saw it... Anthony Hopkins was phenomenal !
 It's true that he was a comedic person until the very end. It seems as though he really enjoyed his life, however short it may have been. 
 I heard that.    Who are some of the other rich heroes?    Tony Stark is one, I know.
 No, he is the guy from "Creed".   Chadwick Boseman is very cool.      I read something about him at Oxford.
 Pretty amazing that the color scheme of a global service is centered around Mark Zuckerbergs colorblindness.
 Yeah same here, it was nice chatting with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 I love his quote, " I have nothing to declare except my genius."
 Another one of his I like, which I'll probably get wrong right now is, " the only thing worse than being looked at is not being looked."
 That one The Portrait of Dorian Gray has been made into a number of movies over the years.  I think there was a version just a few years back.
 Wow that's awesome! And yes, it was named the Enterprise after doing a write-in campaign, it's interesting that they chose that name anyway though I think that was a really good choice
 Oh he definitely does! And I'm sure all the toys and stuff too, he made a lot of money, apparently the scientists who are studying it made a real life plastic that can heal itself, and they called it the T-1000 polymer LOL
 Wow that's awesome! I think it's cool too, that Lance Henriksen and Bill Paxton are the only two actors to fight a Terminator, an alien, and a predator, those are all great movies by the way
 Yep. Antoine de la mothe cadillac. It's a good thing they only used his last name, lol.
 I do like horror movies, Stephen King has written some scary novels its funny he was afraid of Bambi at some point lol
 I dont agree with those theories, Im more a big bang kind of guy or a multiuniverse.
 It is pretty funny lol its been nice chatting as well.
 Yeah thats how a lot of people are doing it these days. I pretty much just have my computer and a cheap antenna to get local channels. I dont think it will even get SNL. Havnt tried tho.
 Yeah I never thought it was scary at all. I remember watching a movie called grandmas House when I was little. I had nightmares of it for a long time. Hated horror movies ever sense.
 Me either. I can see being a fan of someone because they are a good actor, but come on who cares what they do with their personal lives. 
 Never saw that one. I just cant see him in that kind of movie. I guess I got Ms. Doubtfire in my head about him. Lol.
 I know right. I have seen it on a time or two but what I did see of it. It just was the same as back in the day with sandler and farley and those guys. 
 Very sad. And apparently he was one of the first celebrities who started the trend of celebrity voices in animated features
 I know right! We need to become celebrities so we can go inside haha. There's an Ethiopian celebrity chef, he's trying to combat world hunger by encouraging people to eat diverse food, I think we should do that more often, what do you think?
 LOL that's a good one. Maybe some diverse air haha. Do you know who Carol Burnett is? He was the first celebrity to ever go on to the Sesame Street show. Definitely a nice thing to do
 I have heard that before about him, Spider-man is his favorite superhero.
 Doesn't seem much point to that.  I once did a book event with Tupac's mom, Afeni Shakur, when she was promoting it.
 Seems right, they some not discriminate based on the genre of music.  If it is important then it should be in.
 As with all things now, social media.  The only mural I recal was one for a bar there called Madams Organ,  it was located in a part of town called Adams Morgan.  The mural was a bit risque.
 It kind of brighten the place up, and something to talk about.  When I was there they placed these donkeys and elephants all around the city, representing the two political parties.  Different artists decorated them.
 Well it was good speaking to you, I'm going to go on Spotify now and search Mumble Rap.
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes, I do.  Most people are shocked to find out that Tupac Shakur's music is in the Library Of Congress, but rap is a significant art form specific to America.  I think it's worth preserving.
 Hi I love to travel as much as I can. How about you?
 That would be so fun I love to fly. There should be no pollution in the Mackinac island with nothing but horse-drawn carriages or bikes
 I love Eminem. I love that Dre brought him out. I wish I could have heard that judge rap her ruling lol
 With me being of African decent myself. I consider myself as a oral historian or praise singer
 She does a little in song songs. She likes iron maiden just like me
 I would have to check. I know she has her own label now.
 Hi there! Are you a music fan at all? I am I used to love to get new albums.
 Yes, I agree, streaming is the thing. Back in the day albums were the way to go! So popular that in 1992 two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100! I can't believe they even knew what rap was!
 Wow! I knew it was a best seller, but not that huge! I am still shocked that Linkin Par's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 That really is a lot of sales. Hard to believe she's been very popular since 2008. It does not seem that long.
 Hello, do you know the details of box office?
 Under the supervision of the treasurer or box office manager, the box office staff's primary task is selling tickets to an event or performance
 Buy Really Useful Box Office Compartment Tray 4 Litres from the Plastic Storage Boxes range at Hobbycraft. 
 Oh, really, It's interesting. 
 Of course, but it is also good.
 Okay, thank you very much. Can you tell me some details about the universe?
 Is Planets, stars, galaxies such a things true?
 I too like to know such things.
 Thank you for all that you have done so patiently.
 Okay, thank you very much. 
 I think they lost more than an opportunity, they don't exist anymore. I don't miss them with their outrageous late fees. 
 Mad enough to create a company that would eventually destroy them. They should do a Netflix Original about that. It won't cost a lot, they already have the rights. 
 That is cool. She said she relatees a lot to the character she played.
 Yeah, unlike her character in the film, she believed in herself
 Hi, how are you?
 Do you have a favorite Lady Gaga song? I would say mine is probably "Applause" which came off of her 3rd album, Artpop. It's kind of a weird album, but I love the song. 
 I do not like Iron Maiden. Im more into mellow and alt rock. Although Linkin Park is on my list...
 Nice... I love Pink floyd. Nice chatting with you!
 Thanks.
 I actually do like it, though I agree with you. Especially considering the Met Opera's announcement of standard operas that don't really push any boundaries. 
 Yeah, that's why I pretty much stick with movies. One of my favorites is The Silence of the Lambs, which was released on Valentine's Day in 1991. 
 Meanwhile, The movie Trojan Wars, which costs $15M, only grossed $309 at the box office. Talk about a flop. 
 Speaking of Disney, they considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty. Crazy. 
 Good question. Maybe they should include Tom Hanks more -- his worldwide BO earnings are over $8.5 billion!
 Wow. They measure box office by the number of tickets sold or the amount of money that is collected from ticket sales. 
 I wonder when you'll be able to buy tickets through Facebook, which was launched on February 4, 2004. 
 I heard that Facebook is mostly blue in color because its founder can't see red and green due to being color blind. 
 Rich too, even though MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook in 2005 for $74M. 
 Yeah, that was the largest valuation to date for a company that was newly listed. 
 Yep!
 You too. 
 Hello! Did you see A Star Is Born with Lady Gaga?
 Of course! It was quite a dramatic film to me, but the soundtrack is very good. Did you see it?
 I did! I think Lady Gaga is an awesome singer, actress and person. She really is like her character in the movie, she has had a tough life. Loved the movie!! Loved Bradley Cooper too!
 Wasn't he amazing! Seriously! She is always on point and such a powerful voice, I just love her. When she was 19 years old and playing in clubs her friends started calling her Gaga lol so she decided then she wanted to be lady gaga! 
 Lady Gaga has a residency performance in Vegas I think, would love to go see her play live some day. Oh that makes sense! It's amazing the amount of tenacity and drive she had to follow her dreams and make it big!
 I would love to see her live as well, I have all of her albums on my phone lol, very driven woman for sure. She has such a big voice for her size lol. One time the LAPD  asked Lady Gaga to tweet about a road work issue to all of her fans because she has over 11 million followrs lol how crazy!
 Haha, she is amazing and I know what you mean, her music is amazing and she stands for peoples rights among other things. She has made some pretty amazing videos. And really? I didn't know that! Elton John is amazing as well so it doesn't surprise me lol. And I find it interesting that Gaga's favorite band is Iron Maiden! I never would have guessed that. 
 When I think about it, you are right...Iron Maiden has had a style of their own and her powerhouse vocals I can see it, pretty amazing. I have listened to rap but it isn't a favorite but now and then....I have liked some of Tupac's music.
 Very true, we do seem to have the same taste in these area's! I have every Album of Linkin Park too, so sad when Chester passed. I didn't get to see them in concert. But yes I can get into some Rap at some times and I have been an Eminem fan off and on after seeing his film 8 Mile. That guy worked hard as most people do. Love Lady Gaga more lol
 Yeah and very shocking to me too when Chester passed. I only have the album Hybrid Theory from them and its apparently the best-selling album of the 21st century, glad to know I'm somewhat "trendy" haha.
 That is a great album. I love all of them. Their music has sold millions of copies. Speaking of Eminem did you know he had a dream to be a comic book artist? I bet he has the money to draw all he wants now haha.
 Yes, Eminem could retire as a cartoonist, imagine all those royalties he could collect if he featured his drawings as album covers or into his music videos!
 hahahaha, that is awesome! I wonder whether he kept the same straight face he appears to present all the time in the media. Although I don't really listen to rap, I do like Eminem's music, it's super catchy
 He does have such a stoic expression most of the time lol I wouldn't be able to stop laughing at the judge hahaaa....Yep, I have a couple favorites by Eminem he pretty good!
 I know! If I was trying to maintain a stoic face, I'd probably come off as smirking at the judge and might risk getting a harsher punishment. I would love to know how to beatbox though without spitting on people, of course.
 Hahaha, that whole vision in my mind is priceless! Me too! I think beatbox is so cool, I guess New York rap is delivered over a beat, or by a beatboxer.
 I bet people who beat box flood those microphones with spit.yuck! Just like studios are built to absorb sound, eliminate reverberation, microphones need to be made into waterproof devices!
 Cassette tape! My old car had a cassette player in it and I actually had to add money at the time so my kids could listen to music on long rides since we didn't have cds for a bunch of those tapes
 Haha, that is a great story, when I had my first Album I had  a record player, and then some 8 tracks for the car....and we were in love with the small cassettes lol and then cds...wow, mind blown haha
 If this holiday week you want a flickering fireplace Netflix has a video for you, so even during family socializing time they are part of the party.
 Yeah I am grateful it's not like that here, and we'd be screwed without access to Netflix since they've even begun replacing the TV networks with their own series.
 I would love the job of just watching it and tagging the content into categories.
 It is a real job.  I don't know the pay or how many people do it. They have tons of content, they even have 150 movies with a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
 There are at least 58.46 million American households who are glad he started it.
 137 million worldwide!
 I was glad to see that they were able to repair their relationship.
 I am happy to see, that, even they created an album out of it. 
 yeah me too. nice chat
 I would guess so, in terms of mainstream media. There might be a second tier media outlet, like Breibart, that will be more popular.
 I guess. They almost created a channel that only airs the simpsons. I would subscribe to that!
 I do. I also vote for democrats. I am more of an independent than anything. I like people's ideologies and not their politics.
 I thought it was older than that too! Nice chatting with you!
 Hey! How're you doing? Did you know that Earth is over 4.5 billion years old?
 I think it's hilarious how tone-deaf the GOP is in trying to mock Ocasio-Cortez. "Look at her! She did fun things in high school and had friends! What a loser!"
 And his rap in the final showdown was hilarious.
 That's definitely a change from the US, lol.
 Interesting that Fox News viewers are so old on average. Ties in with how left-leaning Millennials are.
 I used to laugh at the TV courtroom shows -- a guy really pissed Judge Wapner off by replying to a question "I already TOLD you that -- you'd know if you were  paying attention" and Wapner read him the riot act.
 Same with you. Have a good day!
 Its also very annoying lol.  I hate those things!
 It's cool that Unicef donates a day of clean water for every minute that you don't use your cell phone...but how do they know that you are not using your cell phone?
 Good question.  That would take a ton of self discipline for most people.
 Yeah, I have 2 dogs. Do you have any?  20 is a bit much lol
 The first cloned cat was named Copy Cat.  How clever
 I agree...especially the one's that want to eat you for breakfast lol
 Well, it's been fun chatting.
 Have a great day!
 Did not know that but that is smart for sure, less work for them. nice chatting with you
 Hey! Do you ever use Amazon?
 Way more than I should lol.  How about you?
 Right! I think Amazon will take over the world soon lol. They are already causing stores to shut down because everyone shops online. Jeff Bezo's had the billion dollar idea!
 Exactly. There's always more and more money involved in getting what we are used to having. They have said that some sports content would be only with prime...but others would stream free. 
 I agree! But there are other companies who want to buy this Disney Broadcasting Network so bidding is just in the first stages. I love Disney though, and no I didn't know that! I like how the toy industry gets involved in Disney films prior to even before starting the production.
 True, Amazon is huge. I guess we will see what happens. I just hope Disney Productions stays Disney and never sells out. 
 Exactly. They even recycled animation frames years ago, that is awesome and probably saves money. 
 Me too! I guess that is a far off hope but ya never know. I think a lot of people would be upset if Amazon took over sports and you had to pay to watch Baseball games.
 Hey, that is interesting! I would definitely think Amazon would be a bad choice!
 Hopefully they sell to someone who has the interests of the teams and fans.  Nice talking to you.
 Yeah.Micky Mouse ain't exactly up to date. They are better of improving on the Lion King
 Theyve dabbed in Sport broadcasting before...simulcasting Thursday night football
 I think they wanted to put a baseball game behind a paywall. But who would pay for baseball?
 Well it still make more sense than building a clock into a mountain.
 Well he's got that in the form of a...errrr...hand pick. Looks like his deal with the post office made some people angry
 Trump and AMI (national enquirer). Though they weer prob angry about something else and just wanted to hurt him via the post office and aforementioned pic
 Well you kill  2 birds...work out and make money.Its like playing baseball for a living...only with more action
 yeah. its like a baseball stadium. the taxpayers subsidize. wlefare for the rich. They guy who found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards see a big tax hike when these companies move in
 The jobs are never free. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 me too
 Im doing great! sipping on my morning coffee. How about you?
 I know right. Ubisoft actually partnered with the british museum to have machine learning applied to reading ancient hieroglyphics.
 Certainly not. I am so happy about having my phone. I dont know what I would do without it.
 thats such a nice cause. I think i can abstain from using my phone for a little bit if it means helping out children! That's easy
 Heck yeah. Sign me up. Did you know that the cables to carry phone and data across the ocean is only 2.7 inches thick?
 Im not sure. I dont even see why they need them these days with all the satellites. 
 Lol that is funny. Well I better get off here. Have a great day.
  I am a cynophile, and have two. How about you?
 My niece is an ailurophile, she truly is the crazy cat lady. 
 I did. It's name was Copy Cat. Someone has a great sense of humor.
 Hi! do you have any pets?
 3 cats, 1 dog, 1 snake, 7 chickens, all living together in perfect harmony...NOT!
 Ball python. I am not as bad as Teddy Roosevelt, who had 20 pets, including a bear and a hyena, but  am moving in that direction.
 Everything I know about hyenas I learned from the movie, Lion King... LOL  Of course, if we lived in Boulder, CO, it would be illegal to own pets... We can be guardians, but not owners!
 Boulder is a very progressive place.  Humans and animals are considered equals there. In Japan, there are more pets than children under 15, which in some places can be much wilder than the pets too!
 I had a bearded dragon once. Nice pet, but not much of a companion animal.  You won't find a seeing-eye-dragon anytime soon!
 A cat would eat you if it were big enough. The first cloned animal was a cat named "copy cat."  It was paranoid, untrainable, and borderline psychotic... In other words, a perfect normal cat.
 And yet we still love our maniacal feline friends... In fact, so much so that there are more tigers living as pets in the US than are living in all of Asia?  Big enough to eat you...
 Machine learning is is related to computational statistics. What sane human would want to do that?
 Sure. Are you human tests help in machine learning. But I don't own a computer..I am merely it's guardian.  And I don't know how much longer it will allow me to do that!
 Sure. There is a machine learning app that mines rap lyrics and then writes its own.  I am waiting for the Rapping Lucy Lu bot...
 Well, its been nice chatting with you. Hope everything goes well for you and your pets!
 Thank you. And good luck with Lucy Lu!
 Bye!
 I had heard that, I think it's wonderful! Did you know Busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie? My mom and I were hypnotized by that show. We would sit and watch it with my kids.
 Hello
 Hmm,  i think 18.7 Million acres per year.
 wow, polar regions are safe they are covered with ice
 there is a variation where 3 teams face each other at the same time, that could be fun
 Yes Really Fun.
 Yes Really True Because Very Popular for this game.
 there was a german player that donated his world cup bonus for 23 surgeries for children, cool
 Yes Correct. he donated for 23 surgeries for children.
 Yes Correct Around 200 Million Players in The World
 nice chat
 Yeah Really Nice Chat Thank You
 :)
 I really do like animals a lot. Do you?
 Oh that sounds good.I love dogs. They can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chips.
 Oh, that's cool. No wonder why my dog can get a colored tennis ball when I tell her to!!
 Wow! That's a lot. Did you know with the underside of their tongue.
 Really? Well I prefer dogs too, but only because I'm allergic to cats.
 Sounds like they are really smart.Some dogs in Moscow are so smart that they have even learned how to use the subway!
 Oh that's funny that they have kept the Dalmatians around even though they don't use the horses anymore. 
 That is crazy! Did you know the length of horse hair is related to the amount of sunlight it gets?
 Well, it was no vehicles day, so technically they didn't do anything wrong. It was nice chatting with you today!
 Well I would argue that a horse is very much so a vehicle, just ask the Amish, haha! Nice chatting, have a good day.
 Yes he was a soccer player and he spent His World Cup victory bonus on surgeries for those 23 children in Brazil, a very nice guy
 Hello!
 I am great! I don't usually follow the world cup, but I have heard the American team has never placed below 3rd since 1991
 Yes! I was reading an article about it. Sounds amazing to be able to join in on such an amazing gathering of people. 
 So I guess I don't understand how it all works but I think if it did come here to the US I would definitely consider going. Imagine how many countries and different people you could be in celebration with? Sounds awesome.
 Yeah it sure does, I think it works well here.  Anyways, it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
 Yeah more a cultural thing than anything else
 Yeah big animals for sure, two high school students showed up to school in horses, they got in so much trouble.
 That is wonderful! So difficult to break into to getting things published.  I read that Spotify has 4 million songs that have not been played once. That is so odd.
 Good point!  Thousands, I am sure...
 Absolutly right!  Hey, it was great chatting with you. Good luck with your writing.
 Thank you! I hope you have a great rest of your weekend! 
 Absolutely. A great actor with a good head on his shoulders!  And a fantastic grape in the fruit of the loop commercials!
 He has never done a sequel, but that is a role I would like him to reprise!
 Neither did I. I bet he found his Dad's performance in Remember the Titans to  be inspirational!
 He has memorable performance in a lot of good movies. Did you see Training Day?
 Yeah. How about Glory? He won a best supporting actor award for that one.
 Yes. Matthew Broderick was in that one too if I recall. Maybe even Forest Whitaker. Did yo know there is an actor named Denzel Whitaker, who was in a movie with Denzel Washington and Forest Whitaker?
 Chance I guess.  I like Denzel in American Ganster too, but I was creeped out by the movie Fallen. It is a good one if you have not seen it!
 Understandable!  I never saw Malcom X. Did you?
 How about Cry of Freedom?  That one was from back in 1987.
 Another good one!  Yes, I am a fan. I think the best testimonies are that he got a Cecile B Demille Lifetime Achievement Award in 2016 at the Golden Globes, and they don't give those out to everybody.
 haha that is possible, I know that I am eating bad at this superbowl party and so I'm going to have to watch a bunch of horror movies after today to lose the extra calories haha
 haha we're all just hanging out, eating and drinking, and ya I have my laptop lol, I have seen it, it's pretty good what about you
 well that's good it would probably have disturbed him, do you like the movie bambi? I guess stephen king considers it a horror movie haha
 I am not really a big fan. I prefer Linkin Park. Their album Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century
 that is impressive, do you like Reel Big Fish? apparently they lost the rights to their songs then just re-made them on their new record label haha
 It is a vast space so lots of onteresting stuff there. nice chat
 Yes he does and he's spearheading a move to make certain deprived kids get to see the movie.
 Yes.  It's so great.  Walmart teamed up in Atlanta to help that happen there!
 People are really responding to the positive, empowering portrayal of a black action hero.
 Yes, she is very civic minded.  The GoFundMe for Harlem was the largest ever for an entertainment event -$300K.
 Wow!  Hey it's been great chatting with you.
 You too!
 Hi, how are you?
 I am well.  It's a ways off, but I am really looking forward to the Shazam movie
 When I first read the title, I thought about the Shaq movie and didn't think that was good enough for a sequal... HA!
 Lol.  That was Kazam I believe.  This one is about the DC comics superhero Shazam who used to go by Captain Marvel.  He is a lot like Superman, but his alter-ego is a boy named Billy Batson.
 HA! I think Kazam would be a nice addition to the DC universe. 
 I think it will be more fun than Batman and way more kid-friendly than Deadpool.
 I like DC more but appreciate Marvel. I am not an absolutist about it.
 I like the flash but I think my love of the TV has influenced that. Yours?
 I was all-in with Flash for season 1 and 2, but haven't watched the more recent seasons.  Believe it or not, but Shazam was always a favorite and Firestorm.
 There actually was one in the 1970s, but it predated me a bit as I never watched it.  Shazam could also be a lighter offering on DC's CW network today. The others have gotten dark (Arrow / Flash) or too political (Supergirl).
 Yeah. They have gotten away from that.
 Really nice chatting with you.
 I know, right?  I would people to call them superheros.  I understand that these superhero fictional characters have been around since 1930s.
 Bill Nye, the science guy?  It was an interesting fact.  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you.
 I believe that was the case as well. I was also impressed that other known celebrities also donated to the cause such J.J Abrams, Viola Davis to name a few.
 I like the Fantastic Four a lot.
 Yes it was produced by Marvel Studios. Do you know who directed it?
 I don't know if this director directed other movies by he did direct this one and he is Ryan Coogler.
 Hello!
 Hello!
 I do actually! A couple times a month usually! I live in an area that does not offer much for shopping, so amazon is pretty convenient! How about you?
 I am hooked on Amazon shopping! They sell everything from clothes to electronics....amazing and I can even buy my kids video games. They are crazy about Minecraft.
 My kids love when I buy Minecraft themed toy figures on Amazon lol,  They love the creative side of it too. I was reading that it is the 3rd best selling video game of all time.
 Wow! That's pretty cool. I love the 3D effects it has in it, very fun to see how my kids play it. Minecraft has so much good in it. 
 I agree. It opens up the creative side in kids. It lets them design and build anything they want! I also love that they have a chance to explore other worlds!
 I agree! I think it' is an awesome game. I bet Amazon get a lot of orders for Minecraft ....such a huge love of kids and adults.
 Did you know that the world record for words read in one minute is 4,700 words! 
 Really?! That is fast hahaa! I read that C.S. Lewis and Tolkien had competitions called "You Laugh You Lose" hahaha while reading bad poetry, so funny! I need to read more while my kids are playing Minecraft...or I could shop on Amazon some more hhahaa!!! It has been great chatting!!
 Sounds like it did! I have to run so I can shop! Haha, chat again soon! bye!
 Absolutely!  I use a lot of their services.  How about you?
 That's the circle of professional sports life. I find those stories so heart-warming. We hear too often of the bad things athletes do but never the good things. Good for Masut!
 I like that perspective. Jon stewart played soccer in college. Who knew!?!?!
 At Billy May's funeral the pall bearers wore ble shirts and khaki pants.... HAHHAHA
 He also did the oxy clean commercials. The official office attire of hawaii is the aloha shirt. I may move there.
 HA! NIce chatting with you!
 I would have loved to have seen that. I'm assuming a lot of those were at CBGBs. 
 I would love to have been a fly on the wall for that one. 
 Yeah, I heard about that!  It went to help pay for surgeries for several kids in Brazil.  That was real generous of him!
 Hi! As a rap fan, I can say I'm glad Tupac's music can be found in the library of congress! His music was a work of art!
 Yea I really like tupac's music too like "all eyez on me" "me against the world", and "Makaveli", glad his music is in the library of congress too
 That is so cool! I love how rap music has evolved. Even Koren rappers have introduced a new freestyle rap known as compliment battle that's very interesting!
 I think it's funny Busta Rhymes voiced the Reptar Wagon in the film Rugrats years ago. I'd like to see that movie just for that part. I wonder if it's on Netflix?
 Hi, how are you?
 HA! Yes it can. My wife gets mad at me all the time for leaving her with the kids while I go to the gym. 
 I am all for that lifestyle! I also like bowling so that might be a good fit for my lifestyle.
 Got it... Maybe my synapses are not firing from the workout this morning. Just another reason for me to turn to a life of laziness!
 HAHAHA. That might be the best line I have heard on here! Nicely done, you win the internet for today.
 Later.
 Not yet! But I would have them watch Mr. Rogers breakdance because that sounds funny and wholesome!
 I like both, actually!  My favorite all time rap artist is Tupac Shakur.
 I know, gone way too soon!  But, I hear his music is in the Library of Congress, so it will be preserved for future generations.
 He's also an inspiring one. When he was involved in a lawsuit once, the judge rapped her ruling at the person filing against him. I wish I could have seen that.
 No. I don't like it. I think it is cool that the origins of rap are from West Africa.
 Yes. It seems to be going everywhere, even Tupac's music made into the Library of Congress.
 I really would not have expected it either but many singers are multitalented-like J Lo, they do movies. Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack. Go figure.
 Wow, I didn't know that. I've seen that movie and it deserves some attention. Did you know that Bruce Lee was also a great dancer?
 Yes he did win the Hong Kong Cha-Cha championship in 1958.
 Yes and babies smile more when they hit the beat. :]
 They sound vaguely familiar. What soundtrack or movie did they do?
 I haven't seen Tron Legacy. Do you remember when Phil Collins did the Tarzan soundtrack?
 Yes, it is. It is a Disney movie circa 1999. Very good movie. Did you know that Phil Collins recorded that soundtrack in 6 different languages?
 Yes, it is funny if you are a Disney fan. Say, did you see Michael Jackson do the "exteme lean" in some of his dance moves. I wonder how he did it.
 Yes, that is a neat story. something good coming from something bad. It was for a VHS rental of apollo 13
 Of course!! they were offered that for $50 million, now it is worth two million! ouch
 extremely popular! Imagine 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 And I did not know Netflix existed in 1997 and that they mailed the DVD's.
 And are as popular as youtube , they make up to 50% of the internet traffic at peak times in North america. Everyone is on them.
 And is beautifully made, continents and Islands which I love to visit. I also enjoy the variety of lakes rivers and even the ice.
 But if you think about it, lots of water are stored on the poles, artic and antartic. It is so wise. Also did you know about how the earth's interior is so active?
 Beautiful design consisting of a solid iron core surrounded by a liquid outer core.
 I like dinosaurs, I found it impressive fossils are in the 50 states, they are everywhere.
 Even crazier is that although dinosaurs and people did not live at the same time, 40% of Americans think they did.
 Yeah, it's a little much considering we know so much more than we used to. 
 I have heard they have a glow in the dark dinosaur coin. I love that idea. It was good chatting! Have a good night.
 That would be a good idea.
 That would be fun to ride!
 Do you have a dog?  I have one and she is my best friend.
 Yep I agree with you. Their amazing sense of smell and also their vision can help humans out in so many ways. Dogs truly are man's best friend
 I did not know that - I thought it was for coins.   Anyway, I've got to run now.  It was really nice chatting with you.
 Nice chatting with you. And watch out for Vans, North Face, and Timberland jeans. They're all made from the same company so don't pay more than you have to haha
 I am cheap.  I will not pay more than I have to.  I will avoid buying jeans  from Old Navy because they misled customers.  Good night.
 I have never had a dog as a pet, though in generally I like dogs. I think that they are a great way for children to learn responsibility. 
 Yes, I love dogs. I have two!
 I wondered about that, I was thinking it was black and white and some color. I that's so good!
 King Kalakaua, I love having dog vending machines for food and water for plastic bottles, like in Istanbul.
 Yes, So glad dogs have blood drives. Great chat!!
 Not too much, I actually like Hockey. It is weird that a professional player will lose up to 8 pounds in a game.
 Yes it is, there is another island in North Carolina that doesn't allow cars and stuff, the only transportation there is golf carts and walking.
 I think more cities should follow their lead, there would be alot less of an obesity epidemic in America, then.
 That's a cool fact.  I guess I'll talk to you later I need to take the trash out.  Have a good day.
 And Busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon from the rugrats movie.
 Ah, that makes more sense. Anyways, thanks for your time!
 You too, it was nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, you too!
 I've only ever attended one real game, but it was intense.  It wasn't a pro game either, just an intramural match, and they were going at it!  The crowd was really going at their beers, too.
 I went to a game with a chain link fence around it.  No glass.  It was funny to watch the spectators climb the fence.  In the past, hockey rinks had only one penalty box. Get thrown in the box for fighting and... keep fighting. 
 The good old days must have been something.  I would never throw a beer.  Thats a waste. In 1930, a hockey goalie had matches in his pocket.  It caught fire when hit with a puck.  Strange thing to see I imagine.
 I think that hockey and religion are related in Canada.  Teams spend a great deal of time together traveling by buss.  The congregation - crowd comes together and the fight breaks out.
 Couchsurfing I have not done... back in the day when AirBnB first came out I tried that and felt super edgy, but now it's pretty normal.
 Visit a tropical island and create an ecosystem imbalance!  Sounds like a catchy travel slogan.  Not really.
 Yeah i would say so!!!  Great chat, have a good one!
 same here.
 Yeah me too. He likes Spider-man. Nice chatting with you
 He is okay, I like some of his music
 haha man even if it were silent I would still love to see that compliment battle, you've got an idea for ratings gold right there!
 I really like Cardi B I think she is the best female rapper. She is also very attractive
 I am a big fan of Kanye West he is very unique and creates a wide range of music styles. I think cardi B has a CD called Invasion of Privacy
 Rap was much better in the past. Have you ever heard of Tupac shakur? His music is considered to have cultural significance. Rap has got very popular
 I hear that they like to perform lots of live concerts. It must be tough to perform in front of so many people. The artist Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001.
 Kanye west has done lots of good things tho. He signed rapper Big Sean and helped him make money. He also gave a kid in a wheelchair the mic after his concert.
 I agree. He even knows how to laugh at himself. He did an SNL skit mocking himself. I've heard of the ramones but never heard their songs.
 Yea I think that is why people like cardi B so much, she may have a bad rep but she makes people laugh and she is not afraid to embarrass her self
 Yeah. I would want to see them play at the ancient amphitheater in Croatia! 
 Yes it is. The earth and the moon causes ocean tides. I love to walk the beach at night looking at the moon. Its so relaxing. In the Virgin Islands the stars are unbelievable!
 Yes, have a good night!
 That is so fascinating.  It has been wonderful talking to you! 
 Same here, have a great one.
 Wow!! The solar system is so interesting!! Good Chat!
 Minnie Me.. you are a funny one.  The dwarf planet is called "the Goblin".  Nice name, why not Dopey?
 Yeah! Pluto needs somebody to play with. Although Pluto is 6-times greater in size, he could still kick the little ice ball around for fun!
 "Orbit of the Goblin" I think I saw that SyFy movie starring Jim Carrey as Uranus. I prefer to refer to the goblin as 215 TG387. It helps to  avoid the unwelcome laughter.
 Maybe you dropped them on Jupiter's moon, Ganymede. It is big enoough to be a planet if onty it orbitted the sun. 
 Nice. But at least the weather is better than that planet where shards of glass rain down at 4500 mph on a balmy 2000-degree day. Not even giants would vacation on that planet!
 I guess planet nine is too big to be hiding behind Venus? As the only planet that rotates counterclockwise, has no tilt, and Venus has no seasons. It would be nice if Venus had something special.
 Cool. I guess it was easier to land a craft on Venus than on Jupiter, because Jupiter rotates sideways and rolls around the sun rather than spinning like the other planets. 
 My Aunt Ethel does. Myself, I am a little partial to earth. It's come a long way since it was born. It used to have 5.5 hour days. Now, some days drag on forever.
 Well, Hudson Bay Region of Canada has less gravity than the rest of the planet.  That should lighten the load of the day.
 I'll book the flight. After all, 80%  of th earth's forests have been destroyed, I should enjoy it now. 
 They were able to locate the infinitesimal out of an infinite cosmos. We are still looking for our car keys. I blame atmospheric scattering--it is an excuse that works to explain why the sun, while white, actually appears yellow. If it ca obscure something as huge as the sun, it should be able to obscure my car keys.
 Imagine if our sun was the size of the biggest star in our galaxy. At 1 billion times it's current size, this bigger sun would definitely require more sunscreen.
 Yes, sunscreen.  The sun we have is 99.86% of the mass of our solar system.  This other star would be heavier yet.  Earth is so small.  We should carry a spare, maybe even a second set of keys.
 Yes wise one, that would be useful. But answer me this: If the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000, then why are they fracking in my backyard?
 Distance.  The sun radiates the energy in all directions and the intensity of the light falls by the square of the distance.  Or something like that.  Helium was discovered by observing the sun.
 That will be great.  I know a lot of colleges observatories and put on presentations.  Have you ever checked on out?
 Hello
 I absolutely love the stars and everything in the sky! In December did you see the shooting stars and meteor showers?
 No I missed them. I have to go outside to see that and I am usually in bed early before they show up. I am interested in them though.
 It was amazing. First time I witnessed a meteor shower. I love the moon too and Venus was actually visible too.
 Venus is in the sky now. I am in the Northeast US. and the 21st is the Winter Solstice. It's all uphill after that.
 Very cool! I love the planets and it is rare to see. I am in the desert on the west coast so I see a lot.
 Wow-the desert is the best place to see stars. No interference. I am in the suburbs but there is an airport nearby. I would like to be where you are.
 It is amazing out here. The winter solstice was awesome with so few daylight hours. I would like to visit an Observatory one day.
 Oh wow! That's really interesting. I too would love to se the northern lights....did you know Venus does not tilt...so it rotates clock wise?
 And only one billionth of the size of the largest star in our galaxy. I can't even imagine that! It must be really hot near that star!
 Exactly! It is mind boggling to think of how large it is and other planets. Earth is amazing When earth was first formed the day was only 5.5 hours long! 
 Yes, it's very sad but I fear we will never stop cutting down the forests. I love how the earth and moon interact and how its gravitational pull causes the ocean tides ...amazing!
 Oh wow, probably a lot more activity and huge waves! Earth is just amazing at 71% water covered is odd to think about.
 Oh, even better than that, astronomers detected a planetary system that has building blocks of life roughly 455 lightyears away! That is so cool! Well, it was fun chatting with you as well! Hope you have a great night, friend!
 I like to go to the beach, via car, how about you?
 I would like to visit Las Vegas.
 I would like to travel by car so that I can see the Hoover river dam.
 Nice chatting with you.
 I heard it is very cheap only 3 dollars to get in!
 Wow very cheap, The winter solstice is December 21st at 5:23 pm.
 Great chatting with you I must run!
 Have a great day.
 Really! that must have been awful!! Did yo know where the expresion : put a sock in it "comes from?
 Yes I love reading! In the 18th century it caused moral panic!!
 Yes!! her name  is Anne Jones and she won a world record!!
 That is an interest taste they have!! i would like to see the "you laugh, you lose" competitions from CS lewis and tolkien
 Wow yes I think he wants to own the moon! Did you know there is a record of the first amazon.com purchase!
 Yes, the first customer spent $27.95 i wonder where the building is located? I wonder how much the 1% net worth is!!
 hahaha That is probably why Amazon has grown so much! because it started on July 1994. It is not that old!
 Wow It is hard to schedule and event that is outdoors with that uncetanity!
 well I enjoyed the chat too!! Have a good night
 well it was nice talking with you :)
 Hello
 hey hows it going
 im good I didn't know that brian may had a phd in astrophysics, didn't screwy
 Well, we all have a little bit of madness
 well I think it's awesome eddie van halen set speakers on fire by playing a guitar solo, that is awesome
 this says matthew bellamy has the record for most guitar smashes, that seems so wasteful like why would you smash a guitar?
 ya I guess, I love pink floyd and it doesn't surprise me that they have a house boat that they use to record music haha
 ya music makes life complete, this says pink floyd did a live concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii, that is awesome I need to look that up
 what do you think about creed? that's hilarious their concert was so bad they got sued
 ya this says they were sued by 4 concert goers because the concert was so bad. I think creed isn't very good but even I wouldn't think to sue a band because of a bad concert
 ya that is true, it's crazy  linkin park played 324 concerts in a year, thats insane
 ya they have been around a while but thats almost one per day, ramones doing concerts non stop for 20 years
 Hi, do you like to read?
 Wow, I never heard before!! that is very nice. Do you know who Anne Jones is?
 She has the world record for speed reading! 4700 words per minute!
 I never heard of that, tell me about it
 Wow, that is a great invention... great for the mind and body!
 hahah that is pretty funny, did you know there were socks designed to wear with sandals? I think that looks awful.
 I would! I heard that the fun water balloons were designed by an inventor trying to create a special sock
 Cool , he was a genius. did you know socks were even used to improve audio
 They did put a sock on phonographs to muffle the sound
 Cool! so much to talk about.. have to let you go, nice chat
 Hey there I do like baseball. It's amazing that Albuquerque actually named their team after the baseball team in The Simpsons, that's incredible
 Thanks. What is the job of the offensive team in baseball?
 Thank you. What does the runner touch in the end in order to score?
 Thank you so much. How is Major League Baseball divided in the US?
 Thanks. Are those divisions in baseball are also the same in Canada as well?
 Its okay but thanks. I was wondering why baseball managers wear uniforms, do you know by any chance?
 That is very interesting. I know that baseball is popular here in the US but in what other country baseball is also popular? 
 Thank you so much. I didn't know these things about baseball and thank you for chatting with me. Have a nice day!!!
 Same to you, have a nice day!
 Yes, wish more people would do that in this crazy world.
 Yep, good talking to you as well!
 I think nowadays it is more for religious reasons or as a fashion accessory.
 Have you ever had a dunce cap worn at a party?
 I used to have one, but my dog ate it!    I understand why they are a subspecies of the wolf!
 Yes.    Certainly unique in the 4.5 billion year history of the earth.
 True even on land, continents and islands together have many lakes, 
 Thanks.    
 Hi, do you like lacrosse?
 I am not sure I can! I am not too well versed in Maryland high school lacrosse. However, I do know baseball, tennis and football!
 Dodgers too! Back-to-back world series appearances isn't too bad!
 I think they need to speed up the game but that is not the way to do it. It needs to be big things like no visits to the mound or soemthing like that.
 Are you watching MLB network? They just showed that graphic. And they are moving back the mound 2 feet in the pacific league.
 It's like an SEC football game. People jumping around and loud all game long! It's intense.
 I agree. It was nice chatting with you!
 I had no idea. You're right that soccer players do some amazing things, though. German player Mesut Ozil donated his entire World Cup victory bonus to pay for 23 children's surgeries.
 Sohssher just doesn't have the same ring to it, but it makes me giggle when I say it out loud. I want to go up to some soccer fans and start calling it that instead.
 That's a very good way to help the environment too. We should do that here in the US.
 That's also scary. Well, it was good talking to you. See you on the other side.
 I think it was Rene " The crocodile" Lacoste who invented them.  
 That's his name!  A black man won the first US Open tennis title in 1968 and no black man has won is since.  I think that might have been Arthur Ash.
 I know right?  They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 US Open.  Bet that dried them fast.
 Yes.  The longest tennis match in history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days.  It was faster to watch paint dry over that same span.  lol
 I couldn't have watched that long.  I'm sure there was some die hard fan that watched every second of it, though.  Lol
 Here and there.  Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans there are surprised when they discover its status as American's national pasttime.
 I've been to Japan, before and yes, they most definitely love baseball, so I could see them being shocked to find out it's our national pastime. These days, I mainly watch my grandsons play T-Ball, now that's fun to watch.
 I would have to agree with you there.  I love watching kids learn the game.  Did you know that kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada?
 Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play if they are needed!  It's been fun chatting!
 Wow, I didn't know that!  it's been nice chatting with you, as well.
 Thanks!  Have a great day!
 Yeah. I also feel like soccer players walk a little bow-legged and stewart does too. It all fits.
 I did not know there was a name for it. That's funny!
 Yeah. I swam for years and you could always tell swimmers by their backs.
 I had to do something and I was uncoordinated so I swam. I am 6
 Agreed! I do that a lot more. Although I am power walking more now, at a huge incline.
 I understand. When my joints ache, I usually head over to the bike or pool.
 Ditto! Have a great day!
 I think that's a great honor! I know that Virginia had a great season, they scored 23 goals
 Lauren Flynn of Yorktown One scored 25 goals. She's only a Sophomore. Maybe she'll be Player of the Year in the future. 
 I don't know all difference, but it looks like soccer actually. I like it. In fact, it's my favorite sport. Do you like soccer?
 lol true. It's option. But I don't believe in luck. It has never worked for me so far lol
 I guess the same reason it's popular in the U.S. Do you follow lacrosse?  The player of the Year was Anna Callahan of Glenelg helping Maryland to a state championship and committing to Duke
 I do. Did you know that rapper Tupac's music is in the Library of Congress of "cultural significance"?
 Uh YAAAAAAA. my house loved rugrats. still do even though the little ones don't see how awesome it is.
 Okay, then I'm sure you know that rapper Busta Rhymes voiced the Reptar wagon in that movie.
 Yes, I heard his favorite superhero was Spider man!
 he was the mouse king! in a nutcracker production. so it was a big roll not just an extra
 Yes, I think he did. From what I've heard he is a good person. I know he visited Drake University in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to visit on a tour stop.
 Bye.
 Hi!! How do you feel about musicals? I would love to see the Temptations , i love good dancing.
 That's so funny! Almost as funny as pink floyd performing a live concert with no audience! 
 I also heard something else funny.In the 80s Freddie Mercury cancelled a show with Micheal Jackson because Micheal wanted to bring a llama to the studio.
 hilarious!! Related to MJ, did you know that michael jackson has a has a patent. on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves
 I would have loved to see Tupac dance in the nutcracker
 Fascinating. linkin park playing 324 concerts in one year is EXHAUSTING and impressive 
 So weird!!! he must really love himself
 Hello
 They are sure to entertain all cultures
 He sure has some great moves, so it makes some sense.  
 No, that would probably fit his personality though and his writing of the song do the bartman by jackson
 That's a lot of concerts.  I'm surprised to hear babies spontaneously dance to hearing music.  I guess that pink floyd had a lot of babies dancing.
 That doesn't suprise me at all. The fact that music naturally makes people smile and laugh seems obvious. Everyone does actually have rhythmy naturally!
 I guess Bart Simpson inspires too for music wise!
 Yes, who doesn't.  They still inspire today with musicals.
 I can't believe that in Croatia there is an ancient roman amphitheatre still used for concerts.  Music and entertainment is timeless
 Very interesting and so true.
 Michael Jackson will live on even after his death in culture and music.
 He was really talented all around.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 That is very cool, very interesting as well.  It's been nice talking with you as well, I hope you have a good night!
 Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you.
 It was nice chatting with you too!
 I love dancing.  I love watching it, I love doing it.  There is so much sybolism in the movement.
 I love that show.  It is neat they they have different styles of dance that can be categorized by the choreography and movements.
 I have heard it is very painful.  I think I will stick with other forms of dance personally.  I always wanted to learn how to breakdance.  I figure if Mr. Rogers can learn, so can I.
 I usually go to small shows at local places. I just saw a johnny cash tribute band and they jammed! You?
 That's a lot of shows! Didn't they have the top album that year?
 No. The best Ihave is seeing Dave Matthews in a small venue in 1994. Then they hit it big and I was surrounded by frat boys and knew my time at concerts were limited.
 No, not a fan after the law suit, You?
 I do but I am terrible at it!
 Ditto. Have a great day!
 I know a few little facts about it.  Kind of into it the older I get.
 Crazy isn't it.  
 That is amazing!  There is a shopping center in Australia that is using classical music to stop teenagers from loitering. lol
 That's true.  I'm reading that classical music concerts had loug, moving, wild audiences during the performance.  I've always thought it would be the opposite.
 Hahaha  In 2011 a computer composed a piece of contemporary classical music. I could see that happening.
 Yes.  That would be so cool to have been able to capture that moment when it was recorded.
 I agree with you there!  There's no acoustics in the arenas.  Speaking of concerts...do you like going to them?  I've been to probably well over 100 during my life.
 Yes!  I agree!  In Croatia, there is an ancient Roman amphitheatre that is still used as a concert venue.  That would be neat to see a show there.
 Yes.  Have you ever heard of the venue here in the states called Red Rocks in Colorado?  I don't know how the sound would be but would be an interesting place to see a show.
 No way!  Lucky dog!  Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an Roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience!  It's been fun chatting with you.
 I've seen the video! Have a great day.
 I'm going to have to look it up.  You have a great day as well!
 I loved Linkin Park. They were one of my favorite bands in high school.
 That's amazing. The Ramones had a rowdy fan base. Did you know that certain cities play classical music in public places to deter wild behavior?
 I like live music. My baby dances automatically when she hears music.
 Yes Bruce Lee was also a great dancer too.
 Michael Jackson was one of the best dancers ever. He had help, though. He had a patented device to help him with his extreme leans on his dance moves. 
 Well babies are also good dancers not to put Michael down or anything
 It's so fun to watch babies dance, even though if it lacks aesthetic or symbolic value.
 Do you know the american tv news are the best?
 I also like comedy movies. Mr. bean was my favorite movie. 
 I am waiting for his upcoming movie sonic the hedgehog.
 Okay. Jim carry was a american and canadian actor. He was a great actor. his movies all are very funny. I really enjoyed his movies.
 I theorize that we are all part of one great comic book, beholden to the whims of the great comic book writer.  Prove me wrong.
 My son is into all this space stuff at the moment, I think he gets it from Bill Nye.
 I know, watching my son play Fortnite I can't believe I was happy with just 54 colors, or 2 when it came to Pong.
 he was a mechanical engineer, of course.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  Hope you enjoy your Friday!
 I did not, but that is great.  I actually get comics from my library sometimes
 I really enjoy the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  I do not think they have made a bad movie yet.
 I had the NES as a kid.  I still have it around somewhere, but I do not play it.  
 I like the Solar System just fine.  It is where I live.  Pretty amazing whats out their in the stars
 Yes, I had a good time.  Interesting talk
 huge fan. Almost as huge a fan as the helicopter blades they used to dry the court for the 69 US open. haha get it? funny joke
 Right! I can't imagine saying it myself. Michigan State University is a fan of comics They have the largest publically available comic book collection in the world. I wonder if that really distracts students!
 That's a good point. Funny is easier because it doesn't have to be so accurate. It's funny that DC stands for Detective Comics so the real name is Detective Comics Comics!
 No, retirement is looking good to me! Speaking of science, did you ever watch Bill Nye The Science Guy? My kids loved that show and he did do some fun science!
 Yes, a lot of people go hours of entertainment out of that old system. Good to visit with you too!
 Maybe we will get to hang out some more soon. As Stan Lee says at the end of his conversations, Excelsior!
 Of as Ronald Reagan said after being rejected for a movie because he didn't seem presidential enough..."Take one for the Gipper!"
 Good point, they probably did. Just think how different Caesar looked from politicians today, in 50 BC when he visited Britain and saw that they raised chickens for entertainment and not food!
 You too, have an entertaining weekend!
 I found her stance on creating openly LGBTQ characters brave in a field where this is highly discouraged. I feel like her taking a stand against the executives, that clearly did not agree with her, shows how personally related to the story her life is.
 Sounds nice for the kids? I think there is a Hawkgirl too. 
 Yes, I've heard she's part of the Justice League and might play a role in the upcoming TV series. I don't know much about either character, but it sounds interesting
 Did you know there's a TV show based on those comics now? It's funny how entertainment changes overtime
 He was amazing for sure.  Tim Duncan went to my school - Wake Forest and he sacrificed money to stay in college for 4 years.  Great guy.
 I would have - the education is so important.  And he spent many years in the league.  He even took a pay cut for the good of the team to get some players in under the salary cap - how many people would do that?
 Yes, I am a Raptors fan.
 Not that much really just into the NBA. I just went on a tour of the head office in NYC it was really cool.
 No absolutely not I only like the romance, and action genre.
 Isn't Bambi like a childrens movie or something how is it scary?
 oh I see I just don't find it to be a horror film like how King stated.
 Hi!! Do you likeNetflix?
 Right? No, I haven't used a water phone. I want one so I can discretely follow people around making noise on the water phone.
 Unless you eat a ton of buttery popcorn like I do!
 Yep it was a late fee for the movie Apollo 13. That's a great movie but a $40 late fee would definitely make me mad LOL
 I've seen bits and pieces but haven't had time to watch the whole thing. He is fantastic in all of the marvel ones he has been in though. I couldn't imagine anyone else playing a better black panther. 
 I think their key to success is their diversity of characters and actors. They really find the right person for the role and dive into the stories that were in the comics. 
 That is so true. In fact, Peele was also the first African American writer to be nominated for best original screenplay in nearly 25 years. He is truly breaking down racial barriers!
 Yeah. He is really talented to. Key gave him a lot of credit for the success of key and peele. 
 It is a great work out for sure! Heck, Stephen King said the first horror movie he ever watched as a kid was Bambi and it terrified him. That's kind of funny.
 Do you also use YouTube?
 Yeah, I'm one who also contributes to both YouTube and Netflix accounting for half the peak internet traffic. Lol 
 That's a great question! I'm glad Reed Hastings had a $40 late fee for a silly overdue VHS, otherwise we probably wouldn't have Netflix today! So are you into the history of the Academy Awards?
 None of this would be possible without the annoyance of Reed. Thank you blockbuster for being rude!
 So true! I'm also glad Netflix started releasing their own series starting with Lilyhammer. Perhaps one day the actors in their films can beat Daniel Day-Lewis' best actor record at the Oscars!
 Nice chatting with you!
 because Mark is colorblind, green-red. nice chat
 hi there, yes I buy stuff on amazon all the time, although I have been buying stuff at best buy more because they will price match amazon
 Hi there.  Hope you are having a good day!  We use Amazon all the time. Do you?
 Yes! From books to the largest internet retailer in the world! I've done my fair share to put money in Jeff Bezos's pocket!
 I agree. I use Netflix almost everyday. 
 HAHA. Well, it was good talking to you. Take care!
 No but I have a friend who did. He lives right by a movie theater and he would go about 3 times a week. He got a lot of value from his membership.
 I watched a couple HBO shows through Prime. I have been watching more Netflix programming lately because they have had some interesting documentaries.
 I recently watched the series about Ted Bundy, I was not alive for that story and it was very interesting to see the court proceedings and just how crazy he was. I would definitely recommend that.
 I hope you enjoy the Bundy documentary, it was nice chatting with you!
 Quite a few. The cool thing about the UK's PM is that their cat has the government title of Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office
 Oh wow! Thank you! Yeah, it was very nice talking with you as well! Have a wonderful night!
 I used to watch Seinfield reruns over and over again.  Is it still on as reruns?  If so, which network?
 Hey, how are you?
 livin the dream, you?
 I am great! What did you think of the article?
 I found it quite inspiring! Having more theater and art in a community opens up so many oppurtunities, both economically and socially
 With over $8.5 billion worldwide film earnings, tom hanks is the highest all-time box office star.
 But can you afford the copious amounts of alcohol? I cannot so I stay away.
 Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure.
 Yeah... What's the best show you've been to?
 I have been to some very interesting "underground" acts that combine poetry, dance, primal instincts as well as being erotic. Its fun how instinctively we can feel involved and feel the movement!
 where are you from where you would have seen these? 
 NYC? That explains it... Im from chicago and even I sometimes question the culture of NYC...
 How do you like SF? I would like to visit but haven't had a chance... 
 haha. Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
 Nice talking with you...
 I do like animals. Indifferent to birds... Using raptors to keep away nusance birds is brilliant.
 There are wild birds in australia that can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws. Can you imagine being around a bird that makes a chainsaw noise? So creept!
 In most birds, bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers. I wish I could have hollow bones to shed a few lbs...
 Yeah... but I got 10 pounds that just wont come off. Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. 
 OK... Im good with that! Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing
 Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. Its probably why theyre the best and AOL is gone,they were cat people...
 Pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities
 Judge judy makes $123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james.
 I love birds. Penguins are my favorite animal, though I don't think you're hearing those chirping outside. Are you a bird fan?
 And what, Google doesn't like cats?  That doesn't make me like them
 Wow.  Youtube is the 2nd largest search engine on the net.  Wonder how much of that traffic still goes their looking for him?
 No kidding!  Wow.  Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.  So, I can see the value there by owning youtube.
 That is a good safety feature.  I can honestly say I don't think I've ever seen any disturbing or ill advised graphic videos on there.  Justin Biebers Baby is the most disliked video on youtube.
 I check in on facebook about once a day.  I'm like you I switched over from myspace too.
 Yes.  I must have jumped on pretty quick then.  Myspace could have bought facebook for 75 million in 2005.  Big mistake there.
 I have no idea.  lol  I always wondered why facebook was so dominantly blue.  Apparantly Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness.
 Oh man I would have been getting me some free whoppers.  I only really pay attention to a fraction of the "friends" I have on there.  Do you listen to Spotify?
 It has 4 million songs.  I never listened to it.  I was curious about it.  lol
 Oh, ok, interesting! I learned a lot, thanks for chatting!
 yeah same here
 Yes I do like birds. Mostly I like to eat them though LOL I just ate some eggs what about you
 LOL  That's funny!  I like to eat them too!  Did you know that the extinct dodo bird is actually a sub-family of pigeon.  Frome the pictures I've seen I don't see the resemblance.
 lol That is incredible they can do that.  They are smart.  We have a buzzards nest by our house and I'm amazed that every year the exact same 2 buzzards return to the same nest.  One of them is missing a big chunk of feathers and the other one has a big distinctive grey spot that's how we know they're the same birds.  I can't figure out how in the heck they can migrate and then somehow know how to return to the exact same tree.  Boggles my mind.
 lol That is neat!  Google how far those little suckers migrate.  It's amazing.  In most birds, bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
 I didn't hear about that.  That could be kind of creepy to hear them!
 I agree.  Switching topics..are you a fashion fan of clothing?  Apple once had a clothing line in 1986.  I never knew that.
 Hahahaha I'm wearing some too.  I bet they had the Apple logo on them.
 That is weird.  Probably not. I would think the quality would be bad.  Fashion and style aficionados look for collar gaps on your clothes to tell if you get your clothes tailored or not.  I never knew that.
 Yeah I didn't know that either, also didn't know that pilgrims actually wore colorful clothes and only wore the black clothes on special occasions
 I didn't know that either.  I'm so used to seeing them in black and white clothes.  Interesting.
 Yes, I watched, YouTube this morning. I  even subscribed to new videos.
 They must be kicking themselves. That's a 104 billion dollar company! 
 They get money from advertisers. Once, Burger King had a promotion to unfriend people for a whopper. LOL.
 I am unsure.  I know in Iceland they use it for suggestions about their constitution. 
 It was great chatting with you as well.  
 Yea no doubt about that. Dogs perform many roles too from hunting to herding to friendship!
 Alright have a great night.
 Me either. But Gangnam style was so popular they had to upgrade the system
 You too and a great weekend!
 Bye bye!
 It's pretty smart to use a Hawk and way better for the people around than using chemicals that are harmful!
 That's such a great idea!  What a great initiative for a city!  Dogs do so much for us, from all of the herding dogs to comforting in therapy and police dogs.  In fact, the only other animal that responds to pointing naturally is an elephant!
 That's true! I love Pixar animated movies. I wish i could visit the secret room they  have for celebrities!
 Who doesn't love treats though? His handler seems like they get a long really well though. 
 Yes, I think that she's had him since he was 5 months old.  I bet he really trusts her.
 hello, I adore it, the best product ever for hair and skin
 yes gorgeous, the favored superfood of the Paleo set - is losing its crown to butter, ghee and other trendy fats, interesting to know
 yes definitely and also did you know that it existed on the fringes of the American diet, utilized largely by vegan bakers as a butter substitute following the mid-'90s revolt against saturated fat? I didn't know about that
 yes exactly, According to Banks, the staying power of a superfood depends not only on current buzz, but also on long-term, macro changes in eating patterns, the number of competing products on the market - and, most importantly, the quality of the science used to support the superfood's purported benefits, did you know about that?
 yes that is for sure and also I will add that Products like coconut oil, which consumers don't quite understand or trust when it comes to health credentials, are inevitably going to suffer in a 'facts-first' world.
 I totally agree with you. do you like animals, I adore dogs
 yes, its so interesting, Many modern animal phyla became clearly established in the fossil record as marine species during the Cambrian explosion which began around 542 million years ago, did you know?
 There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth. Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. did you know?
 nice chatting with you
 Yes, I do too! I love my dogs to bits! I do love my Garfield kitty just as much!
 Yes, they haven't really proven yet? I love the idea of giving animals legal rights like Germany!
 Yes, I do too! Its a great idea to use goats as lawnmowers like Google headquarters did! You see that a lot in Europe.
 Sadly, me either. Do you know Roger Deakins? He was nominated 13 times for an Oscar in Cinematography. 
 I do.  My whole family has a great sense of humor.  It's gets us by some rough spots...
 Wow, I'm sorry.  It seems you have a great attitude about it.  I believe that is a healing thing.  I think that is a proved thing as well.
 So I can either use coconut oil or eat a whopper?
 I can see that. Crunch berries are my new super food. It's basically the same thing.
 I am patient! Like a lawyer with an animal as a client. They might not pay.
 Pro bono, is that the term?  There might be work for you with the animals in Germany but not many places other than that.
 That is the term. Australia too. Their animals have pockets!
 When you open google, type "askew" in the search bar. see what happens.
 Maybe later when I have a break, I'll also need to get myself a bowl of goji berries, kale and blueberry salad, topped with agave and coconut oil. 
 Or a whopper... give it time and it will be a superfood soon enough!
 Can you imagine her promoting Burger King? Wasn't she the one who "uncoupled"?
 HA! Nice chatting with you!
 Hello, I am good. How are you?
 well it has been great talking with you :)
 I have! I like her, and her husband Moshe Kasher, who is a fellow comedian. What do you think of her?
 Good luck with your cinematography! Have fun!
 Hi, how are you?
 I am the same, lol I have played Mario Bros though, I like Nintendo games. I can't believe these games have been around since 1992. But yes Mario Kart is the best seller of racing games of all time.
 Right? It is fun to see the older game consoles from long ago, all of my kids played Nintendo years ago all the time too.
 Lol, these game consoles have come a long way! They do have newer editions for the Nintendo game system though, They released Mario Kart 8 Deluxe in 2017...sold 100 million copies, it must be pretty popular to some.
 I heard that! Pretty interesting! Nintendo is over 100 years old! I guess it was originally a playing card game.
 They produced knock off legos too! How weird...
 I think I heard about that, my youngest still plays Pokemon Go, funny game but it gets him outdoors a lot. But he doesn't have one of those he plays on an app. Sometimes I have to jump in the car and go pick him up after he travels too far hahaa
 Definitely! My son is a 15 year old and goes with his friends so he can play pokemon around here and up to the park. I do go with my son a lot just to have fun, and get some exercise. 
 That seems like a good reason to go with him. That and some fresh air.
 Definitely, it is better than driving my car everywhere, we live in a big city so seems we have to drive all the time. ....There is a person that became a professional race car driver by by beating 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo, I guess video games paid off!
 good for him. If he can get rich playing video games, more power to him. I hopes he gets rich!!!!
 Me too! Such crazy stories how people get famous. All these video games and youtube videos make a lot of money too.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hi yes, not as much as before, but I am a big fan of Mario.
 Did you know that the rapper logic, played on stage Mario Kart every night on stage in one of his tours?
 That would be super cool to ride. Did you know this rapper Logic, won all the 35 games he played on stage against different rappers?
 I was surprised to learn that, they have been around more than 100 years, they were once a toy company.
 They actually started in the video games on the 70s and then  we can say Nintendo is the 3rd most valuable company in Japan
 It would be cool to try the VR game. It is one track and costs $10 dollars, a new experience.
 That is cool. There is an app where you can order food brought directly to your seat
 Yes I like cars, did you know what you can do to your car in south Africa for security reasons?
 That looks very much like a video game, but it helps prevent carjacking!
 It sure does. I guess they have to do what they need to. Nice chatting with you. 
 That is a really good point, I bet that worth a ton of money. I wish I had ten! I heard that Jann Mardenborough became a pro race driver from playing Gran Turismo, I don't know if I want to look for old card games or practice video games to make more money?
 Thank you it was great chatting with you too!
 I love that album. Listen to it every night while I go to bed. I listen to it on youtube.
 Ditto. Have a good night!
 I agree with other consoles that are much more advanced than the NES still, classics are classics. 
 Yes, must have been non stop too! Linkin Parks Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century!!
 Ha, ha, ha! Good one... True. In an ancient roman amphitheater in Pompeii! Very cool place!
 I would love to see a concert in an ancient roman amphitheater. There is one that is still in use in Croatia.
 So would I. I think the sound and atmosphere would be very exciting!! Love the fireworks in outside venues.
 That's just unreal. I agree. I love watch babies dance when they hear music. Its so adorable!!
 Apparently they smile more when they hit the beat. That is such a happy fact.
 Yes and he had a patent on it. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun and new information today.
 Ditto, Good chat!!  Made me want to practice  my chess skills!!lol
 Take care and keep learning!
 I do!  I like watching the NBA.
 Same! Did you know that physicists proved that shooting "granny style" was the best way to score points consistently, but no one actually shoots like that in the nba because it looks silly?
 Awesome!  I wonder though if anyone has ever done it in the NBA?  I don't recall seeing it.
 Nice!  LeBron got a pretty good deal out of Nike.  Did you see what he got for endorsing them?
 LeBron got a $90 million offer from Nike after rejecting a $10 million offer from Reebok when he was just 18!
 Yeah I'm not sure sequels ever live up to the original- I don't think Lebron could ever beat MJ in my mind!
 No.  I got to see both play and Jordan is way better than LeBron.  Jordan could carry the whole team by himself.  Michael Jordan's best friend is the limo driver who gave him a lift when he first arrived in Chicago back in 1984.  Neat story!
 Nice.  That's funny!  His dad's shoes the Air Jordans were banned by the NBA but Jordan wore them anyhow because Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
 They sell a lot of shoes!  LOL Did you know that Jordan almost was about to ditch Nike when an inexperienced designer created his dream show?
 I'm not sure.  In 1995 Jordan ruined Muggsy Bogues career with one line of trash talk.  I wonder what he said to him? lol
 I actually was doing a radio show at the time not far from where LeBron was from in Akron so I was able to get the hook up from other radio friends on the sports side of things.  I got to see Jordan play at the old Richfield Coliseum where the Cavs used to play before they moved to downtown Cleveland.
 Yes.  Looking back I wish I would have gotten autographs.  Probably the best story I have was I was in the same room as Ken Griffey Jr. and his dad.  Griffey had just finished his first season with the Mariners.  I thought to myself...eh he only hit under .300 and only hit something like 16 home runs.  I thought he was going to be an average player.  Boy, was I wrong. lol
 And he's stepping on Michael Jordans shoes again...not the nike ones though
 I hear he raised 6$M by televising the whole "I'm taking my talents to South Beach" thing
 I'll let Judge Judy decide that
 Good Biz instincts. He knew how to attack $$ back in High School. His HS games went for $100 
 Yeah. (Should've said "attract" $$). I'd pay to watch him shoot granny-style
 Yeah...but Nike paid the fine. I'm sure they got their investment back
 Yeah..iverson's got a deal that pays him $32M at age 55
 Yeah...I'm so boggled I can hardly chat anymore. Nice talking with you.
 He's an entreprenuer.
 I thought so. He also founded PayPal and SpaceX, tow other brands I avoid.
 I wonder how much that cost him. He probably didn't buy those the year he took at $78 mil paycut to his Tesla salary. Poor guy...
 I did not see that one. Did Joe Camel appear in that flick? Sounds like this guy does it all. Maybe he can get a Mars colony up and running as he plans.
 Why not. He launched a cheese wheel into space. Now he has to go and retrieve it.
 Ooooo, if Musk equips his SpaceX vehicles with flame throwers, they can make grilled cheese in space! I prefer the old Cadillac brand, named for a French explorer. Flame throwers optional.
 I didn't know it was lost. Diid he find it by car or by space?
 Can you pull a jet through a McDonald's drive through? Drive thrus were created so that soldiers didn't have to get out of cars wearing their uniforms. I wonder if there were any pilots flying through those McDonald drive thrus...
 And the trunk of an elephant is the only part of him that will fit in a car. It all comes together! It's been nice chatting!
 im good how are you? that's cool, I didn't know that but it makes sense considering ya there is no exhause
 ya, and I never knew that elon musk was in thank you for smoking, I'll have to rewatch it
 its kind of funny its worth a watch I think, it's cool Elon wants to built a personal vertical take up passenger jet, thats something I can get behind haha
 no didn't know that, but it would be like a plane that you own but it takes off verticallly, I want one think of what you could do with it
 ya hes really interesting, his spacex shot a cheese wheel into space as a nod to monty python, that is prettttty amazing but i would rather that I had that cheese wheel to eat right now 
 that is impressive, and this says he is planning a mars colonization project using a hevy lift rocket, thats what I want is us to get to mars in my life
 wow didn't know that, pretty wild it is legal to put a flame thrower on your car in south africa, I would probably do that haha
 haha well its winter here so it would help to warm me up haha
 ah yes it does snow, there isn't snow right now but i agree it would be great for the driveway! this says mcdonalds first drive through was in 1975, makes me hungry to hop in my car and get some, and flame broil some burgers with my flame car haha
 haha this says the brand cadilac was named after a french explorer who founded detroit, I live near detroit and ya I didn't know that
 Yeah I agree. His heavy lift rocket that will help him do so is called the mars colonial transporter. Nice chatting with you mate.
 hello. Let's discuss about Tesla, an American automotive and energy company based in Palo Alto, California
 Hi sounds good. I really want to purchase a model S.
 really? isn't it expensive? actually i am not aware of the prices. By the way did you know that As of June 2018, Tesla sells the Model S, Model X and Model 3 vehicles, Powerwall and Powerpack batteries, solar panels, solar roof tiles, and some related products?
 Oh yes that is for sure, I drive bmw and I know that gas is spoiling the environment, though I adore my car's design lol 
 really, and I adore sports cars, M6 pack is my everything. And did you know that The toyota group owns 10% of tesla, and tesla actually helped to develop their 2nd gen rav4ev?
 really? I wasn't aware of that. So about Elon Musk, he was such a genius,  he is a technology entrepreneur, investor, and engineer. He holds South African, Canadian, and U.S. citizenship and is the founder, CEO, and lead designer of SpaceX; co-founder, CEO, and product architect of Tesla etc... amazing person
 really? cool. I have never been in Canada lol, but I will come. Musk moved to Canada when he was 17 to attend Queen's University. He transferred to the University of Pennsylvania two years later, where he received an economics degree from the Wharton School and a degree in physics from the College of Arts and Sciences. You know Elon was very risky besides knowledge he had, because he was not afraid of trying, which is for me very important
 wow that would be awsome and my dream will come true of flying to Mars lol. Musk founded SpaceX, an aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company, of which he is CEO and lead designer. He helped fund Tesla, Inc., an electric vehicle and solar panel manufacturer, in 2003, and became its CEO and product architect... he is step by step achieving all his goals
 Me too. I remember seeing the first dragon fly over with the ISS it was incredible. Musk even founded stuff you wouldn't think of, like PayPal.
 Yes I was shocked, which means also ebay? because paypay and ebay have the same founder as i know.. 
 yes now I got it.. did you know that Elon musk's spacex shot a cheese wheel into space as a nod to monty python's cheese shop sketch?
 oh sorry lol So what cars are your favorite?
 Nice, it was nice to chat to you about cars, though being female I adore cars lol
 talk to you later.
 bye, have a nice day
 Hi, how are you?
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes. He's one of the best directors working today. Memento was one of his best, and is told in an original way. We see the story unfold backwards? Have you seen Memento? 
 I have seen Memento and really love that film.  It was so unique and you had to really be engages to make sense of it.
 I haven't and maybe we can discuss it next time?
 I love listening to jazz while traveling. It originated in New Orleans and has roots in blues and ragtime.
 Clint Eastwood loves jazz too. He's been a lifelong fan.
 He is very talented. Just like the jazz orchestra in Pakistan. They are at the top of the charts.
 The fear we have comes from a sound frequency. If only we knew how to turn that off!
 nice meeting you!
 Not all highways, but the fastest ones do. Not many cars as a result, so you can get around pretty fast if you want. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 I love that I have been there. It was epic. Stranger Things was the best one ever. I ran so fast lol. Humans are actually designed for long distance running!
 haha that is hilarious. I was afraid to get stabbed and lose a rib. But luckily it would regrow back just as strong. Well it was great talking to you this evening!
 Yes I dislike walking so much in the airports. Maybe I should try to go to Mackinac Island where there are only bikes and horse drawn carriages! Well thanks again for chatting, I hope you have a good night!
 Good chat!! I would love that their!!
 Yes it sounds so peaceful. Bye!
 Hey yes I do! I love going to concerts and also informal ones like gigs!
 Linkin Park is my favorite band, what's yours?
 I'd be exhausted doing just about a concert a day, I like RATM and Breaking Benjamin too!
 That's cool, I wouldn't want one in my tank. I have been thinking of doing another tank of just seahorses. They are really neat creatures and the only fish with a neck.
 Yeah I think seahorses are really cute! Also I think that we should do more research on jellyfish, there is apparently some kind of jellyfish that is Immortal and I want to be immortal LOL
 I saw that one, it was okay. I bet the book is better. It has been nice chatting with you.
 That one does seem weird, but I didn't know they even had a reading list. 
 Yeah you wouldn't think so, and I don't know if you've seen the movie but it's not exactly pro-military either, great talking to you though
 I didn't know that, actually! Doesn't surprise me though. Nothing beats baseball or a good concert. Do you like concerts as well? I'd like to have been at that Foo Fighters concert that was so loud, it showed up on the seismic monitormonitors in New Zealand! Ha!
 Did they really? That just sounds exhausting. Ha! But I think it's cool that Lou Reed and his wife put on a high frequency concert for dogs back in 2010. I bet that was hilarious!
 It was great talking to you!
 Me too, I'm going to see the Rolling Stones this Summer when they tour in my city.
 Yes, I am a big fan of Pink Floyd and Linkin Park, too.
 That's alot!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  You have great taste in music, by the way.  Hope you have a wonderful day, friend.
 At least they are respectable. In Canada, they call kickball "soccer-baseball"
 Nice. An outdoor concert would be Field Lung Hockey. I wonder if The Ramones" ever played Field Lung Hockey in canada. They played over 2200 concerts over their 20-yr career.
  I wonder if they ever played a concert in Pompei's amphitheater when it was empty like Pink FLoyd did. 
 Drugs explain a lot. Like the 2002 Creed concert that was so bad, concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.
 Right. Linkin Park was always too busy to take drugs. They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. Amazing.
 Yeah. I wonder if they ever played in that ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia that is still a concert venue. 
 Sure. Jay Z. He went tot he same high school as Busta Rhymes.
 He put a ring on it.  DMX went to that high school too. I wonder if they had a rap battle too?
 Rap battles galore, no doubt 'bout it yo. Well, it's been good chatting with you!
 You too. Thanks goes out to my homie, Busta Text. Word.
 Yes I remember reading the Iliad and the Odyssey in school.  It is believed poetry came from hunting in Africa, that is kind of neat.
 Eventually poetry was written down, they have found poetry in the Pyramid Texts like you said in the 25th century BCE.  Fascinating stuff.
 And some of it ended up in modern culture, supposedly the names for the Hobbits came from an old Icelandic poem.  
 His works are amazing.  There are various forms of poetry such as repetition, rhyme and various verse forms throughout his catalog!
 Haha, take care!
 yeah I wonder how the name came about. nice chat
 Hello - I do. What about you?
 I've actually seen that concert on video. It was very cool.
 I saw it on a DVD a long time ago. 
 You too!
 I do. I actually saw the first Global Citizen's festival in Central Park. It had the Foo Fighters, Black Keys and Neil Young. Amazing venue for a concert.
 Uh, Creed? The Creed that had a concert so bad in 2002 that concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band! Yeah. I'd rather talk about Pink Floyd!
 No, but that sounds great. I'd like to see that at this ancient roman amphitheater that is still in use as a concert venue in Croatia. It would kinda be like Pompeii, right?!
 I like baseball. i went to a baseball game in Japan once. Baseball is so popular in Japan that people were surprised to discover that it is America's national pastime!
 I like to read the news and watch videos. Do you like Harry Potter, the series that began in 2001?
 yeah me either. nice chat
 Yeah, I listen to it everyday before work. I also use a website where you can listen to episodes for free. 
 Yes, then they made it to tv in 1953.  It's now seen live in more than 200 countries!  Walt Disney, my favorite holds the record for most oscars won by a man with 22.
 It's nice to see the author support a family member's projects. I hope my sister would go all out to promote a book of mine
 A definite benefit to everyone is the ease and availability with which one can learn a lot about various topics online.
 Me too! He's lost the most games as a coach in Kansas history. I would just change the rules to get a better win percentage.
 Yeah. Many states see it as a ROI issue. If their revenue sports can cover their lower tier sports, they do not need to subsidize them as much.
 Not sure. Maybe better cobblers back then. Steve smith leaves his cleats on the field to raise awareness of homelessness.
 That's awesome of him to do that and for Stephen Marbury to promote inexpensive $15 shoes for free!
 I remember when that first happened. It was so controversial, helping kids who cannot afford shoes...
 Yeah! Nice chatting with you!
 Maybe it was! Could you imagine chasing a lion for 10 miles and finally catching up because it ran out of breath?
 I prefer cats. Maybe that's why I use an iPhone.
 That's right.  I enjoyed the chat.
 Yes I believe it. I used to date a ballerina and she always had messed up feet haha. Like her toes Abby all beaten up, so I can believe that they would go through shoes quickly
 I do, I love basketball think its a great sport and LeBron is the best, his a genius player
 They can even donate blood at doggie blood drives!
 I think they would be ok. Istanbul has a vendingmachine for stray dogs that dispenses food and water. How nice.
 They also understanding pointing. I wonder if they understand head nods.
 They are man's best friend for a reason. And Google's pet of choice!
 Nice chatting with you!
 I already know I will be a blubbering idiot when I drop my two off. And I am not an emotional person. 
 HAHAHA. That's just great! I like DC a little more too.
 In my town, some of the girls in 4-H used to ride their horses through in stead of going in cars. They'd go to Taco Bell, McDonald's, there's a Mexican restaurant they'd go to also, along with a few Mexican ranchers in the area. Was fun to see.
 Very true! He most likely doesn't know basic level physics! Thanks, and you too! I think I'll go watch a Superman film, now.
 I mean... I would give him the degree cause I wouldn't want to get killed over it. 
 Pixar spent three years studying the physics of curly hair in order to correctly render merida's hair in "brave". They should study Trump's hair! That would be great!
 haha ya I'm definitely wondering about the science of his hair lol, like how does it work exactly?? haha
 I would think they would just team up with a hair or shampoo company to figure it out. I did like the move and her hair was great!
 haha, have you seen the movie hair with john travolta? People said it was good but I haven't seen it yet
 ah you're right, ya the movie hairspray, they made a movie with john travolta of that play and he plays a woman, I just don't know how that works haha
 haha I did see that, I thought he did a great job I loved that movie as a kid what about you
 ah what was the documentary called? I want to check that out I bet it is good like you said
 haha I mean I can definitely see him being annoying, I do like him in aladdin though, I don't know how will smith will compare to him in the new movie
 That will be interesting to see. When does the new one come out?
 I think that it comes out this year? oh I looked it up its in may of this year, I won't be seeing that in a theater I can promise you that haha
 HA! Nice chatting with you.
 thank you! you too!
 Wow, I can't Imagine if a player weight around 150 pounds and play several games, can you, Hahaha?
 I have lately been watching a lot of documentaries. They have had some fascinating true crime ones lately.
 Yeah pretty much. Nice chat here
 Did you know Canada is the only country in the world with 2 national sports?  lacrosse and Hockey
 I'm a big Cleveland Cavs fan and love college basketball.  
 I know a little ... but not that much...I know the popular players, etc.  It's just not as popular as football and baseball where I live
 Where I live hockey is very popular but I still prefer basketball
 I see that "granny style" is the best technique to consistantly score points from the line
 I didn't know that!  He's made a killing on those shoes over the years
 Without a doubt, His popularity has only skyrocketed over the past years
 I wish I had his money that's for sure!  ..and his talent!
 lol yes!  That would be the life!  Wouldn't it?
 Living in a mansion not having to work - Splendid 
 My kids LOVE Frozen!
 She did great! She broke a lot of records as a director too
 It's hard not to sing along to Let it Go!
 Yeah, there's not much you CAN'T buy on Amazon these days
 ah interesting, well that wouldn't be good then I don't want to turn back into a baby lol
 I'm not from there.  I'm from Western PA.  I hope they don't get too slick there.
 I have seen it!  In Jan. of 2015 Frozen had become the all time best selling blu-ray disc in the U.S.
 I didn't know that either.  Alan Tudyk has had a role in every Disney animated film since Wreck it Ralph, including the Duke of Weselton in Frozen.
 I didn't know that.  Before "Let it go" was written Elsa was the main villain in Frozen, however the song was so uplifting her character was changed instead of the song.
 I use Amazon from time to time. I can't believe that they were founded back in 1994, I remember that LOL that makes me old
 I hear you there!  Amazon ceo Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years.
 Good publicity! lol The U.S postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver packages on Sundays.  I like that.
 Yep that's one of my favorite things about Amazon. I love that they can deliver on Sundays. I also would consider a job working for them only because a worker can walk up to 15 miles a day and I could use the exercise lol
 Me too! Imdb has been owned by Amazon since 1998. Neat.
 I do read.  But, not never read it.  Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.
 I'm not sure.  Maybe the books are different?  lol  In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.  It's been fun chatting!
 Yes it was very fun! And next time you read a book try to speed read! Apparently the record is about 5000 words per minute
 All I know about Ariana Grande is that she's a famous singer who's the subject of a lot of memes and controversy on social media. But I love album rock going back to its early days in the Progressive Rock era. How about you?
 No, but I've listened to it on YouTube a lot. I love Linkin Park. Do you like them?
 Yeah, I love them. Not very much since Mark Waters left, but just about everything back in the Barrett and Waters days. I'm glad Dark Side of the Moon is still popular. Did you ever try that thing syncing it up with Wizard of Oz?
 Yeah, Roger. I sometimes say Mark because Knopfler is another favorite of mine. Supposedly if you start the album and the movie together, there will be all kinds of weird coincidences between the music and the movie scene.
 It definitely requires being aware of your surroundings and being able to react quickly to the movements of others. It makes me happy to see babies dancing to music videos -- I've seen a lot of that on Twitter.
 Yes that was super sad.  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 I think he's different. He's done confusing actions lately...
 I listen to a variety of stuff. I am listening to Ray Lamontagne now. Will switch over to focus mode later.
 I did. It was a staple in my workout music!
 Wow. I wonder if that is the fruit of the forbidden tree theory. You can't have it so everyone wants it. Kind of like when rap was on trial in the senate. 2 live Crew took off after that!
 That's nuts. Was it speed metal?
 Ditto. Have a nice day!
 Oh ok, learning something new! Yeah it was great talking to you, have a great day.
 Of course it is. Leave it to the Scots lol.
 I heard about that! I think they started that in 2002.
 I can see giving dogs legal rights and even protected species but I am not so sure a mouse should have rights!
 I agree. What a waste.
 I agree! My lawn is usually mowed but I do not treat it. I feel like all my neighbors treat their lawn but I just do not do it. Maybe im cheap but I just dont want that expense...
 I agree, my kids love our yard and it has a creek going through it so it is fun. Makes the treatment hard because of the flooding.
 Just real life. Although I do look away from needles when I watch them on tv... I am not sounding too manly here... I do bench 275! I gotta keep my man card up....
 I have not. Most of my spiders are harmless. I live in IL and have no fear of deadly ones.
 Nice chatting with you.
 It's too bad to be beautiful!
 Rough life as a celebrity, for sure. I am currently re-watching the Office with my significant other (who hasn't seen it before)
 524 million monthly visitors as well
 Hi, how are you?
 That's odd. Soldier field is just ok. The Shedd is really good though. Where else, besides chicago do you like going?
 Really. Seems a little overkill but what do I know... I want to go there and see the northern lights some day.
 I'm for em!
 I wouldn't mind it. My back is usually hurting so I could use some back relief!
 I sure do. I have a mixed chiuaha and Yorkie.
 Take it easy!
 Me too!  I used to go this place called the Newport in Columbus, Ohio when I was in college.  Loved it!  Due to the success of their debut album, Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone!  That's a lot of shows!
 I bet they did.  The Ramones were in it for the long haul.  They played 2,263 concerts while touring almost non stop for over 20 years!
 lol Yes!  In Croatia there is an ancient Roman amphitheatre that is still used for concerts.  That would be neat to see a show there.
 I bet it's a neat venue.  Ironically, in 1972 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompii..with no audience!
 I'm guessing that's what they were going for. lol  In 2002 Creed played a concert that was so bad that they were sued by four concert goers.  Wow. lol
 Same here.  I lost interest when I hit my late teens.  It's illegal for kids 16 and under in South Korea to play video games past midnight.
 It's crazy how the kids are now with games.  Really makes me sad to tell you the truth.  Seems like they are wasting their lives away.  Game designer Jane McGonigal calculated that as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week.
 It was fun!  Have a great day!
 that is good to hear what about the name bamboo for the lizard king?
 it is also cool that it is a runner up to the komodo dragon
 that is cool also it would seem to make a pretty interesting animal I assume to look up close
 yea it would freak me out too especially knowing that they climb trees
 oh interesting what do you think about the boy keeping the lizard?
 oh wow a small dog that is pretty horrible if you have a pet would not want them to get eaten
 I would assume that and seem the trapper was having a hard time just catching it
 it could be but  but they still call it the lizard king which is cool
 that is interesting I would not thought so it is interesting especially with all the creations he made
 it is also interesting that the scream movie was suppose to be a horror movie
 that is scary but also cool that your pet could be some big wolf
 that is interesting I wonder what they like to eat
 it is interesting about dogs that they can learn over 1k words and reason better than chimps
 That is amazing. Dogs also have 12 different blood types.
 that is good to know and how dog sin moscow learned to use the subway
 my dog is just my pet but I do like learning about interesting facts about them
 it was an interesting chat itself!
 it was good to learn about dogs and lizards and especially the films
 I agree. An excellent chat.
 even if king was scared of bambi it is a film I have never seen
 I still think that scream is a great look into the genre of horror at that time period
 Man... I love Pink Floyd!  Do you like pink floyd?
 I'm a dog person too... wold love to be able to take my dog to work!
 Hey, there! I was recently in New Orleans and listened to some great jazz. Music is my happy place. What about you?
 Yeah, it's a cool cat look and functional. I was just watching a Judy Judge episode for fun and laughs. Do you ever watch it?
 Yes, sassy with a touch of mean.HA! I love watching reality shows with normal people who have become celebrities. 
 I like to watch her for laughing at people but I like watching Comedy Central for some epic talent. 
 Wow! They have cancelled a ton of shows! My all time favorite comedian is Carol Burnett. She was so smart and funny. She could light up a room and I think that is why Sesame Street invited her to be on it. She was the first celebrity to ever be on. 
 That is a good point. Robin Williams was very intense sometimes and not in a kids kind of way. I respected him for all the voices he would do. He was a great voice actor. 
 Yeah, the Pixar room was reserved for the famous people who visit the studio. Who knows how many actors have been there. Pretty cool.
 Thank you! I am gonna binge watch an Ethiopian celebrity chef show! Eat well, good bye.
 Ta!
 I do not know what to answer. Do you want to say anything?
 I also think about it. But i don't know Pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities.
 Yes, When street rat Aladdin frees a genie from a lamp, he finds his wishes granted. However, he soon finds that the evil has other plans for the lamp -- and for Princess Jasmine.
 That is correct. It's been a long time since I've seen that movie. Also, Carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on the children's series Sesame Street. She's amazing!
 I think Carol Creighton Burnett is an American actress, comedian, singer and writer, whose career spans seven decades of television. Is it right?
 Okay, that's great. Do you like comedy?
 I love comedy. I am a huge Bill Murray fan. Did you know he is a huge fan of the movie Kung Fu Hustle?
 Yes, I know a little bit about him. Bill Murray is an American actor, comedian, and writer
 Yes and an amazing one. Caddyshack, Groundhog Day, Scrooged. Amazing movies. I did not know that the programming language Python was named after Monty Python.
 Yes, Caddyshack is a nice film, it is a 1980 American comedy film directed by Harold Ramis.
 Yes, The Green Lanterns have little regard for humans
 Sorry, I have never seen on TV?
 Yes, He is a good actor. He is an actor, musician, comedian, poet, author, and singer.
 He is very talented. 
 Me too.  My favorite style is Kansas City jazz.  Did you know that there is a Harlem woman who has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 years?
 lol  Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts.  Don't expect that kind of music from there. 
 Yes.  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing.  That's interesting.
 lol  Did you know that Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and scored several films including Million Dollar Baby?
 I didn't know that either until just now about him.  Do you like any other celebrities?
 I liked him too.  Sad he's gone.  He was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films when he did Aladdin.
 I did watch Sesame Street when I was a kid!
 How neat is that!  I wonder what Pixar studios has in their secret room that often visited by celebrities?
 Nice!  I can't believe it's been 30 years since Comedy Central was created in 1989 and they've also cancelled 100 shows in that span.  It's been fun chatting!
 You have a nice day too!
 I'm great.  How about yourself?
 Nope, you're wrong.  It's entertainment.  Charles Entertainment Cheese!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, friend.  I've got to get to work.  Talk to you later!
 Yes, it is! Did you know Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five US military branches.
 I do! One of my favorites has always been The Raven by Edgar Allen Poe.
 Did you know he only received $9 for the publication of the poem?
 Yes I guess when poetry is read backwards it is inspiring.
 That sounds cool. Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem!
 Wow! It's been nice talking to you, have a good day!
 Yes, nice talking to you too! Take care.
 I like that the first comment on reddit was a complaint about Reddit going downhill! That's the spirit! Well, I enjoyed chatting.
 Thank you for the chat.  Maybe we can talk again sometime!
 Also, be careful if you're a heavy user! Clicking Internet links can cause addiction measurable in the brain. I know that I sometimes feel compelled to keep clicking on links. Ta!
 I have found my screen time down while my free time is up. And I didn't think I used it much!
 I do. Do you like them?
 I bet the internet went crazy! Nice chatting with you!
 no . but japanese alphabets when recited in order forms a poem how good was that
 yes complex but when used in drama , song, comedy is great. 
 I am! That is a long long time ago. It's crazy how we haven't even been on the earth for a fraction of the total time.
 Oh yeah true! So funny. One thing that humans have on other animals is distance running. I remember watching a show in Africa where they hunt animals by just tiring them out over long distances.
 Wow that is amazing knowledge! Do you read much? I always wanted to read the Lifters, but never did!
 Not that I remember, but I do love that movie! What else do you like to read?
 I like to read books by Tolkien. Lord of The Rings was one of my favorites of all time. Him and CS Lewis seem like good pals.
 Those were good reads and authors. I like reading that George R.R. Martin began by selling monster stories for pennies to kids.
 Never really been a fan. I like how CS Lewis and Tolkien help competitions for terrible poetry!
 Yeah that would have been fun to watch. I think reading is very useful though because it helps learn language, communication, and shares information and ideas effectively.
 What's even better is that even blind people can read using Braille. That is so cool.
 Hello
 I do use Facebook, it has a lot going on right now!
 Yes I heard about that. I hope they succeed. The survey will say...Yes No How much do you trust each of these domains?.
  research shows surveys can produce meaningful signals of trust. But that doesn't mean Facebook's approach will be successful.....
 Wow that's a lot!!! Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005.....how nuts is that!
 true! I love Google....
 very true, Did you know that Facebooks like button is illegal in some parts of germany? Crazy
 true, just strange to be illegal lol.....did you know the name Facebook came from the directories given to college students on campus and it was full of the students faces....like a yearbook
 Hi, how are you?
 Thank you for your explanation.  I think you are right.
 I see.  I just read something interesting about blue color on facebook site..
 I wonder if Myspace is still around.  It was offered to by facebook for only $75M in 2005
 Ha! That is funny. I tell you something else I find both ironic and funny is the owner has a cat named Karma. Ha!
 I agree.  Nice chatting with you.  I am assuming the "Done" button will show up soon.  
 It's hilarious that Bieber still has the most disliked video
 I read about that, very interesting with governments getting involved.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 That's whack.  They should just do it on youtube, or create their own youtube like cops did with bluetube
 Zuck's a character. He wants to be potus. But i can't see him like a fdr, etc
 Yeah, but half the searches are for "did myspace really reject an offer to buy facebook for 75m?"
 wow.  they must like the lack of a dislike button in germany
 I wonder if they had to downgrade after Justin's Baby
 Yeah. I can't imagine churchill and fdr gaming it up. maybe stalin., but not those 2.
 ha ha...great speaking to you
 You too! Hope you find more exciting news out there!
 take care.
 yeah me either on that one. nice chat
 Hello, are you there?
 Me too!  I used to love the big arena concerts of the 80s.  But then when I got to see some of those bands in the small clubs I loved it and was hooked ever since.  In 2010 Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs.  That's different. lol
 Yes there are all kinds of concerts I guess. Pink Floyd played at Pompeii in the 1970s. 
 That would have been neat to see!  In 1972 Deep Purple broke the record for loudest concert ever.
 Wow I thought it was the Who. Do you like rock music or some other types?
 I thought it was the Who as well.  I like rock, hard rock, pop, country (old school sounding though).  
 I haven't seen it yet.  Wow.  I never knew that.  He built his guitar out of parts from an old fireplace and his mother's knitting needle.  Pretty neat.  Did you see the movie?  
 I do watch them.  I never knew that.  lol  ET was orginally scripted to be a horror movie.
 I guess so.  lol  I just found that out.  The 1996 horror film "Scream" was originally supposed to be titled "Scary Movie"...file that away in useless knowledge. lol
 Hah that got taken a short time later I guess. Would you say you like going to the movies or concerts more?
 I definitely like going to concerts more.  Can't afford to go to everything I would like to see though either due to time, money, or the bands don't come close enough to go. I actually live not far from where Dave Grohl from the Foo Fighters grandparents live.  He was born here and comes back a lot.  The Foo Fighters played at a small record store a few years ago here.  That was pretty cool.
 That's cool. I think I am more of a movie guy in the end, but I've had some really good times at concerts too. 
 I would say though hands down i spend more time watching movies than going to concerts.  lol  The writer of the Rocky Horror Picture show is the voice of the dad on Phineas and Ferb.  I remember that cartoon but never seen it.
 Wow.  That sounds like a run of about 20 years straight.  lol  I wish I could have seen them.  Since it's debut in 1949 the Les Paul Gibson EX-175 guitar has never gone out of production.  That's a long run too!
 Wow that sure is. My dad saw the Ramones in Cleveland in the early 80s, he said it blew his mind. He was used to hippie rock. 
 No way!  That's where I'm from and have seen a ton of shows.
 No kidding, I'm from Dayton. Welp, looks like that wraps it up, have a good one!
 Dayton.  ha!  My college girl friend was from Huber Heights!  lol  It was nice chatting with you!
 You too!
 What do you do for entertainment? Any activity that holds your interest or gives you delight qualifies.
 hi I do like sports, music, and since I was a kid I loves playing Nintendo!, what about you?
 Nintendo was the best! Even though it only had 54 colors.
 simple but lots of fun. It was discontinued in 2003, I still own the 1985 one!
 Something that is very entertaining are certain movies, in my case I rather see comedy than drama, what about you?
 I love the humor of comedy. Especially stand up!
 Cool! I do not know if  you remember a show called third rock from the sun?
 Right, I remember it was with Joseph gordon Levitt as a kid..Seinfield, Frasier and friends were excellent too
 No i haven't , he said is a supreme achievement regarding this era's in regards to comedy!
 Probably they want to make sure the have the best!! I found very funny that originally the green lantern film was going to be a comedy and Jack Black was going to star on it!
 Jack is so funny. He was great in the jumanji remake. 
 I have to watch that. I love school of rock.. there is and old movie from england that is pretty funny too. It is called Monty Python , did you ever watch that?
 It is a good one! Python programming was named after it.
 It was good!.. do you like the rotten tomatoes ratings?
 yes it is subjective!! for example those movies that are based on video games are not really liked!
 The netflix movies always score high. Nice chatting with you!
 Oh wow, that sounds like a great place to work at.
 That is very strange. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Thank you. Take care!
 they cram a lot of stuff into those privacy consents. ive always been surprised google never bought out facebook. i know myspace turned down purchasing them for 75 million in 05. LOL like blockbuster did with netflix.
 I think one "unofficial" sign you're addicted if you get up early in the morning just to check your email.  (Or perhaps in today's world, your phone!)
 Yeah, they have something similar here (US) but I'm told they're not the same.  Something about the toy being a choking hazard got people worried... I dunno.  Hey, did you know only 7 percent of people read the FULL terms when buying a product or service on the internet?  
 Again, couldn't imagine.  Well, hey, it was really awesome chatting wit hyou!  I hope you have a great day!
 I agree. For best new artist, it's six out of eight who are women! 
 Not as often as I'd like to. It must be cool getting to do work like hers.
 Yes her work does an interesting. I actually just got back from Florida because I was there for work, I wish that I had riden a bus that the Dutch are creating, it's going to travel at 160 miles per hour, instead I had to take an airplane where I got searched haha
 Because he was trying a suit that was against eminem
 Yes I really like rap music. Drake is one of my favorite rappers. 
 Me neither. It is kind of an unusual name. I really liked him in the show Degrassi: The Next Generation did you ever watch that?
 I don't know any of his albums but I do like his single hotline bling, it actually received a Grammy award.
 That is a great song! You should really check out his mixtape  More Life. It is kind of like a playlist.
 That is cool I really love old school stuff. He has had produced some really famous songs and albums. The dancehall influenced album was at the top of the Billboards for weeks on end.
 I heard about that. He is so cool to surprise his fans like that. I guess he has a lot of money and likes to spend obscene amounts on some of his favorite books as he travels on tour.
 I love Eminem too I still listen to him! Lil Wayne is cool too. I think Drake's career really flourished after he signed with Lil Wayne's Young Money Entertainment.
 Yeah I think he did. One thing I like about Eminem is his choice and superheroes haha I remember that he really likes Spider-Man as a kid
 Same here
 I agree, and I like the way soundtrack albums take me back to seeing the movie when I hear them.
 Me too, they are both good at it. Nice chatting with you
 Hello. How are you?
 Yes. I have the vinyl Album
 you too
 I know he is from Canada and hangs out with Steph Curry near my house in Alameda!
 Thats interesting.  I think its cold they call him Waldo at Warrior games.  At least he has Rihanna lol.
 I wonder if he will actually let his kids read or touch the books haha.
 That is awesome.  That lasted over 30 years, from the 70's to early 2000s.  Hold onto it.
 Same here take care of those records and tapes!
 Nice. I like classic rap a lot. Like Tupac Shakur. He had a large impact on our culture, so much that he is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 I like the song "God's Plan," which is one of many number one singles.
 Yes, I think I'm going to look up the rap album by 100 year old twins next.
 I have in the past.    I haven't heard "Scorpion" yet.
 I enjoy many types of music, including rap and country albums
 I have heard that.        I wonder if Eminem is also in that category?
 I would think so. He has done so much to help the genre. It would be a shame not to be.
 Too true.     He even inspired Kanye West to improve his verse for the song "Forever".
 It worked out for Eminem. He wanted to be a comic book artist though. I think he's doing ok.
 I would agree, although perhaps not as well as Linkin Park who have the best-selling album of the 21st century!
 It is a new kind of freestyle.
 Interesting that something that started in West Africa is so global now!
 I don't know.        Do you know the names of any of his albums?
 I did not. Nice chatting with you!
 I like the sound of the Dutch bus though, it is superfast!
 Yes, it sounds like a great place to visit because I love biking for exercise.
 I have family and friends to visit Hawaii, I never been but will like to go to see their lifestyle.
 LOL 1/3 of all divorce filings of 2011 in the US contained the word Facebook.
 I would think. 30% of all adults use FB as their primary source of news.
 That's a good idea! So far the FB company  has the valuation to date.
 Oh wow. That was a long time ago. Good chatting with you.
 Oh yes!  I wonder how much he makes per year?  Funny.  I don't like Paris Hilton and I see that in 2007 she was in the guinness book of world records for most overrated celebrity! lol
 How neat!  I wonder why it's just for celebrities?  John Cena holds the record for wishes granted with the make a wish foundation.  He has granted over 400 wishes!
 That is pretty cool.  I can't believe they have hunger issues there still.  I remember in the 80s how hunger was an issue there.  There was a guy named Justin Bieber who was banned from facebook for sharing the same name with the celebrity.  That's not right for them to do that to that poor guy.
 Nice!  30 percent of American adults use Facebook as their primary news source.  Oh boy...we're in trouble. lol
 Oh yes.  I would have been all over that promotion.  I would have gotten a bunch of whoppers. lol  Here's a different fact...there are more people on Facebook now that there were people in the world 200 years ago!
 Have a good one!  It's been fun chatting!
 I think there's more to Butina than just the guns.  She also portrayed the willing woman who would never disagree with her man and lead him on an enjoyable ride.  
 I'm sure facebook and all that fantasy helped Butina make her way.  I was actually thinking more like it is the Star Wars style fantasy that she feeds off of.  After all Princess Leia handled a pretty mean blaster and was cute also.  
 That's a pretty weird story but I've heard other similar ones.  There was a French mathematician, named Able who committed suicide and when they searched his apartment they found reams of research work that he never submitted. 
 I do!  I like Huskies.  Have had them the majority of my life.
 Yes!  Extreme North East Ohio so they are adapted to the cold.  Did you know that there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have?
 They release food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles!  That's a good program.
 No they do not.  I had a Siberian Husky growing up and his eyes were brown.  Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing!
 Yes!  They are not color color blind.  Google prefers dogs to cats.  Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company.
 To Mars?  No.  I couldn't leave my family behind.
 I wouldn't go to the moon either.  The only thing there of interest for me would be to view the Earth. lol  Although I might be tempted to climb the highest point on the moon which is 1938 meters higher than Mt. Everest!  I won't have to worry about falling!
 I would have to put Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory on there since it's the best selling album of the 21st century!  It's been fun chatting!
 Only song I wouldn't include is "How Much is that Doggie in the Window?" Aliens might think Earthlings are still slaveholders! Enjoyed our chat, too. Cheers!
 Have a good one!
 Yes, and I bet they are happy they expanded it to include not just college students, but anyone in 2006 that claimed to be at least 13 years old.
 Oh, that makes perfect sense. Also, I guess FB makes most of its profit from the ads that appear on screen.
 I would not want to either. I wonder how much their stock costs now. They started selling it fairly recently.
 Burger King was offering FB users a free Whopper if they unfriended at least 10 people. It sounded pretty funny.
 I think I would too, just because of the humor. Did you know founder Mark Zuckerburg is red green colorblind? That is why FB is primarily blue.
 I can't imagine it any other color really. Some places are using FB for business. Iceland is giving people the chance to rewrite their constitution via FB.
 Same. I like the entertainment aspect. I am not sure I like the idea of putting my opinion on such a public venue associated with something so important.
 Yes, I have! That's a fantastic album
 That's wild! 100-yr-old Japanese twins put out an album recently. I would guess the drink that goes with their music is juice.
 Hmmm... maybe they're just different kinds of astroid or whatnot? Probably because we couldn't agree on a name!
 Ha! We name things and the internet renames them... Ah, Boaty McBoatface. The best name never used. Well I hope they don't discover/announce oil on it. Otherwise we'll have our first space war before we even get to Mars!
 Yeah. When Apollo 11 was preparing for their voyage, they had discussion as to whether they should plant a United Nations flag instead of a US flag. If I planted a UN flar and someone asked me "whose flag is that?" I would answer, mine
 So much we don't know or understand. Like, did you know the highest mountain on the moon is almost 2000 meters higher than Mt Everest? I would live to ski down that puppy...in slow motion for like, 5 hours...
 I had no idea! Just don't try and jump and do tricks since I'm pretty sure you'd just float off into space!
 Good question! I'll ask Google later. After all, Google has stated that they prefer dogs over cats. So they should know...
 When did they do that? I know that dogs can learn over 1000 words and they *say* dogs enjoy problem solving. I call crap on that though, my shiba just doesn't care like I said! 
 We'll have to Google that later too. I have to fly, but it has been nice chatting. I will leave you with this question: If dogs can donate blood at a doggie blood drive, what kind of snacks do they serve afterwards? My dog want to know.
 It has been, nice talking to you! Hmm... Probably doggie treats and dog-safe human food!
 Leaving as I sing, "All and all it's just another brick in the wall." Chao!
 I would like to have the estimated 104 billion dollars that facebook is worth.
 lol...  I do find it cool that Burger King offered a free whopper for every ten people that you unfriend on facebook.  If I had a FB page I would unfriend 10 people everyday!
 lol..  I would have to do the math, but with 2.2 billion monthly active users that would be a lot of hamburgers!
 ditto.  it would be worth starting a FB page if the offer still exists!
 True. I'm also glad there is an American flag on the moon! Good chatting wth you too, have a great day will ya!
 Hi, how are you?
 It paid off! His nike contract is for life and worth $1B!!!!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Possibly lol. Sonic the Hedgehog was originally going to be a rock band member.
 That is so funny. He does look like an '80s band member. I am sure he could pass for a member of Kiss.
 I watched that concert on video. It was really cool.
 I love rock. The band is Pink Floyd.
 It was great talking to you!
 Are you a fan of rock music? I like Bon Jovi and he was a great performer too! He moved around the stage like his feet were light as a feather, it was hard to not bop my hand to his music.
 ya, apparently they lost their rights to their old songs and then just re-recorded the songs for the new label haha
 That's interesting. Lyrics are like poetry too, but too often they stress romantic love but I like how some artists use that as a platform to address a wide variety of other social or political themes too
 Rock music is a form of popular music that originated as rock and roll in the US in the early 1950s
 He loves his profession. He is a very creative and lovable person. 
 Bon jovi wanted people around him to be as happy and fit as he is. He's the lead singer, and looks amazingly youthful.
 Music doesn't discriminate; all are equal before it. 
 It was released in 2002 . It reminds me of my olden days. It's really energetic. This song always feels magical.
 When a performance is done by a single musician, it's called a recital.
 Its very interesting ! Indoor concerts held in the largest venues are called arena concerts. Sometime its is very interesting to hear the song in the small area.
 I like small concerts, it gives it that intimate feeling that you get nowhere else.
 The ramones toured for almost 20 years.
 Reel big fish re-recorded all of the best of  album after losing the rights to their old record label.
 Hybrid theory is the best-selling album of the century.
 Its very shocking....
 The dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014
 Nwa's straight was the first album reach platinum status its very amazing to hear. Which is your favourite live concert program ?
 Oh yeah I know people who have seen him in person and he still is very light on his feet! From video he almost looks like a skateboarder the way he moves.
 Thats really funny! too bad old Hank didnt make it to office I bet he would have done a better job than many politicians, hopefully next elections it will have a spot lol
 Thats also really funny, I guess some people just vote for any candidate, you know that in ancient Athens officials were appointed by lottery!!
 I know it's contrary , but I kind of like that promotion Burger King did, unfriend 10 people and get a free Whopper.  Do they have issues with Facebook?
 I've heard the Europeans and it's government are a lot stricter with privacy rules there too.  You can request to see what information is being collected on you and also restrict it.
 I suppose the feeling is that we shouldn't, whether it happens or not.  It would appear that they had little effect in Ireland, the referendum was passed easily.
 Hi, how are you?
 Good thank you, how about yourself?
 I need it for work but man do I dislike it. I used to love it but now I can see myself without it. I took a serious break from it beginning January 1 and do not miss it. I have to jump on occasionally for work but I jump right off.
 Some people may say that we have animals in office in America! I personally think so!
 Good afternoon, hope your day is going well!
 I hope yours is going well, too. Baseball is generally played with a bat and ball.
 Baseball is my favorite sport out of the big four - AZ Diamondbacks are my team
 I love that tidbit - Pete Rose, was the last Player/Manager I believe
 Baseball is also incredibly popular in Japan. Many people don't realize it is an American past time.
 It's surprising that more Japanese Baseball players don't have success in America, like Ichiro did
 That is fair. I love fantasy basketball.
 That is probably true. I love basketball.
 Ever since Nash left they have been bad, unfortunately. They have a promising future, though!
 Great chatting with you too. I am a huge Heat fan, myself.
 They do! I am so happy for it. They are in a little rebuilding era right now, though.
 Absolutely, and the money is probably still quite good.
 Yeah, his two year deal is worth up to $15 million. Well, I think I'm going to go off and do a little more research. Have a good day!
 Hello, do you like computers?
 It was so old, It did not even have a color screen. I would like to get an apple computer and I read something interesting about their warranty!
 That is cool! Did you know that the russians made a computer that did run on water. I can't even imagine how that would look!
 And they did it back in 1936! So they where real genius!
 I am a sports fan in general. I did attend some baseball games in the past. I do like it.
 That is very cool! They have to practice what they preach! Have you played kickball or soccer baseball?
 I have no idea, I played when I was a kid. Did you know what a married couple did for baseball for 24 years?
 they were in charge of programming all 2430 games played each year , for the major league, they did stop in 2005 though.
 That was such a nice surprise. Hey did you know that baseball is very very popular in Japan?
 Yeah it was, and I did know that.  I know they are very passionate about it.  I always like the old movie Mr. Baseball lol.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Yeah that is sad and I do not see it stopping at all actually
 Robot is a machine which especially designed by the computer program to perform the specified task.
 Yes, The branch of science which deals with the design, construction, operation and application of robots. The terms is called as robotics.
 In Industrial age, the robot is developed very much even they used in operation theater.
 Its very interesting. Domestic robots are used to clean and maintenance of in and out to the house.  Robots such as turtle used in school program.
 To watch movie. It create half of peak internet traffic in north america.
 Yeah, I had heard that Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.  I contribute to that statistic, I'm sure. Lol
 In 2019 Netflix has 139 million paid subscriptions, US has more than 50 million subscriptions. But some countries China, Syria, North Korea and Crimea.
 Yes. The earth is third planet in the solar system. Water is also present only in this earth in liquid form.
 Again that's totally random.  Well, it's been quite interesting chatting with you this morning. I need to go walk my dog, now.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
 I do too. Country Music is my favorite. What genre do you like?
 Oh Henry Ford and his views. I'm sure Eminem would have made him mad as a rapper.
 I'm sure there is a bunch! Do you like to dance?
 That was so crazy to see it when he first did that dance move. I'm sure he didn't go through pairs of shoes like ballet dancers did.
 I wouldn't and couldn't do any of those things. I would maybe stick with comic book writing.
 Good Chat to you as well!
 Ok so they made this arm and a paralyzed woman can control it with her mind; that's amazing we are close to an incredible breakthrough.
 Yeah, it's so scary to think about. Have a good day!
 Have you ever been to Washington DC?  There is so much to do!
 I have been there before.  I love whiskey, so I love going to the distilleries such as Petworth's.
 Yes!  On Pi Day (3/14) they also do a lot of great things.  I'm not much of a mathematics person, so I dont think I'd get a lot of free stuff.
 Do you like ballet?  Washington DC has a great ballet.  Alvin Ailey is my favorite
 I didn't know that!  That is such a great idea -- do you know how much they cost?
 There is also a great Museum of American History.  That would also have some stuff about distillery history too I bet.
 Yes!  The sad thing though is that there are only 2 black people in the country music hall of fame.
 Yeah same here, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 My daughter came home one day and said she wanted a snake for a pet, that's how we ended up with rabbits, it was a compromise.
 I haven't but they sound cute. She should run for mayor like stubbs the cat did in Alaska.
 Another famous cat is the stray that appeared in the Godfather. Pretty cool role!
 Cats earn their keep by hunting vermin. They are pretty useful! Nice meeting you! Have a nice evening!
 thats cool! and i like that finland has a right to the internet why dont we?
 no doubt i mean people can live without it but i have definitley learned alot more with the internet in my life though
 yeah i can see and did you know there is a cold spot in the cosmic background that people think is a way to a parallel universe
 Blows your mind, doesn't it? So does this! There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt. everest. I can't get 3G where I live!
 LOL crazy
 Now this, I'm not so sure about. There are scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection much like different species do on earth.
 it amazes me how stuff like that works annd humans r the minority on the internet is crazy too
 I think that is definitely what they do best. 
 I will definitely check it out, thanks. Did you know SHakespeare invented the names Miranda, Jessica and Olivia?
 HA! I am not sure he would have made the ideal spiderman. I think Toby McGuire and Andrew Garfield did fine on their own.
 Or that there is only one electron in the universe! Dibs!
 I am not sure you can but I can understand the importance of it for the LGBTQ community.
 Nice chatting with you!
 You are right they are! I can't wait to get a dog. I really love therapy dogs who can help patients!
 They seem like really dangerous pets, he had a zoo at home lol, can you imagine visiting him? he would be like the hyena doesnt bite and be careful with the bear
 Okay. I don't think I saw that. I know Michael Caine became an actor at his old HS because all the prettiest girls were in drama class.
 It was. Hard to admit but about the only thriller I enjoyed was Silence of the Lambs that came out in 1991.
 I like to play baseball but find it a little boring to sit through a whole Red Sox game. My Dad used to watch it on T.V. all the time.
 I have been to Yankee Stadium. We also saw the last game that Mickey Mantle ever played at Fenway Park. Boston gave him a standing ovation.
 Yes-it's way too much money to spend on the tickets. And, at my age, I am a lot happier on the sofa than on a hard bench. The crowds, too, are getting nasty-a sign of the times.
 It is, you should visit sometime!  Nice talking to you too; enjoy your Sunday!
 Thank you!
 Bye
 Yeah it is really amazing. Nice chat
 ya I like that they deliver on sundays that has saved me lots of times!
 He should have had that building given to him.  HAHA
 Yes it is boring.  That's probably why I wasn't aware the US has won so many medals.
 It is pretty cool. I used to spend a lot on Amazon but now I mostly just buy stuff at Best Buy because they will price match Amazon and they all have sales tax now
 I didn't know that! But what I like about Amazon is that they have a contact with USPS to deliver Sundays.
 Yes I love that about them. I also love that they created their own font, I read a lot of books on their tablet and the bookerly font helps me to read the books more easily
 I heard something funny related to eminem.  A michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suited filed against eminem.
 I agree with you.  Lucas is smart and talented.  It was nice chatting with you.  Good night.
 I will watch the original Star War movie after we finish chatting.  Good night.
 I was a huge Floyd fan in college, but I got really into their super-old stuff, before the band settled in the lineup that made them famous. Apparently, Linkin Park's hybrid theory is the best-selling album of the 21st century, and I'm a little embarrassed to admit that I own it, despite being WAY too old for it!
 Exactly! You live and you learn, next time don't buy the ticket for the next show!  Anyways, its been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 That is insane! But I respect musical talents like Abba. They actually turned down a billion dollars to do a 100 concert tour. At some point you have enough money I think
 Wow, that must have been really bad for them to sue
 I love the TNG universe more than any other part of the franchise.
 I was in my mid-20s when it came out.. But themes in post-scarcity communism generally fascinate me. I'm also fascinated by the technological presuppositions behind different fictional universes -- like all the stuff Frank Herbert had to jigger around to make feudalism feasible in Dune.
 LOL. The only video adaptation I've seen is the old Lynch movie. I really should check out subsequent treatments. I started watching an occasional episode of The Expanse just because I thought it would be an interesting comparison to Robinson.
 You too!
 I am jealous! I LOVE the Chicago Cubs!!!
 Pretty close. Love the team. Hard to believe that up until 2005 a married couple for 24 years scheduled all 2430 MLB games.
 Me too. That's crazy. I was surprised Harper went to the Phillies.
 Yeah. I cannot imagine Joe Maddon picking up a bat and leading off the game. Canada is cute, they call kickball soccer-baseball.
 OMG-neither can I!! Although it would probably be about the most entertaining game ever! Canada sure marches to their own beat.
 Speaking up score... Cubs up 1-0... Have you ever seen a japanese baseball game?
 Go Cubs! I have not seen Japanese baseball. I have heard it is so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as America's national pastime. 
 If you get a chance, youtube japan baseball. It's a party! Cubs up 2-0.
 Yeah, not to mention the attention span. I know he also grew up in Chicago, so he says he grew up a Cubs fan, not a fan of that other Chicago team.
 They are setup to be a good team this year though. It should be interesting. I hope the windy city classic is at least competitive, with the cubs winning.
 Ditto. Take care!
 I do!  I am one of the 137 million total subscribers worldwide!
 Crazy!  From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America!
 Didn't he rack up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13?
 Speaking of Blockbuster, they declined several offers to buy netflix for $50 million!
 I think I saw the other day where there is only 1 left.  I think it was in Washinigton.
 I do!  he's the highest all time box office star!  Do you have any guesses on how much his movies have made?
 8.5 is correct. lol  Disney's Treasure Planet was one of the most exspensive box office flop of all time!
 I saw that.  Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty was a box office failure.
 I was surprised to see that.  lol  The Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentines Day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million!  Not too shabby.
 I do like comedies!  But, I have to get offline unfortunately.  I had fun chatting with you!
 hello! So do like Netflix?
 Who doesn't like Netflix. Half of the peak internet traffic in North America comes from users on Netflix and YouTube. We sure like our videos and entertainment
 Yes we most certainly do. Netflix was started by Reed Hastings, pretty smart man.
 That's weird. But I can see how. It was fun when we had to go to a store to rent dvd's, but Netflix has a bigger variety and genre's to choose from. I love comedy and they have a lot of that!
 Very interesting. I think Netflix has a huge selection of Disney films as well which I think many like. I think it is strange how Sleeping Beauty was initially a box office failure, can't imagine that.
 Interesting, he is one of my favorite actors. He has movies of every Genre and I love his comedy films. He has recently been in a few movies on Netflix that I watched again like The Green Mile. 
 I love Jack Black! Oh, no...The Green Lantern was good the way it was. I think that was just playing on Netflix too. I like a lot of horror films as well, but I go to the theater for the good ones.I usually go to the box office to buy tickets in advance though.
 True, but into the future...I think something may happen, I guess we will see. I never thought we would ever be able to see each other on a phone face to face lol. Well for now Netflix is my favorite and I hope it doesn't go anywhere!
 I don't think it will. With how much it's expanded into other countries and regions, I think it will be around for a while. Since it started creating its own content in 2012, I think it's consistent users have increased to watch Netflix Originals
 True! I get hooked on Netflix originals. You can even watch TV shows. Well it has been great chatting!
 Right! Very true, great stand up comedy shows, love it all :) 
 It does seem like it has been around longer. And they added film and television in 2012
 Its a futuristic show about the earth and how it became apocalyptic because of nuclear war, survivors go to space and 100 years later return, its pretty, what are you watching noe?
 Yeah its a really good show!  yeah I know streaming has taken over the world,  we no longer have to be at home at a certain time to watch a show lol 
 I love comedy and drama! Did you know they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 i really like i love you man,  forgetting sarah marshall,  liar liar,  the hangover,  the other guys, the marvel movies.  too many to name lol what about you? 
 I like Meet the Faukers, Deadpool and also a lot more movies lol.
 I agree doesnt sound like a Valentines movie, I heard it did pretty well and had good earnings.
 It could be on there. I just watched the last jedi so it does have some recent stuff on there...
 Yeah, short sighted on their part. Do you remember them trying to catch up with a dvd mail service?
 Ha! Nice chatting with you!
 I do love Linkin Park! One of the reasons I'm such a huge fan is because their album Hybrid Theory is the best selling album in the 21st century!
 It featured the song One Night In Bangkok which was a big hit.
 Michael Mayer is directing a new version of the story. It will be interesting to see if this version does any better on Broadway than the first.
 I dont remember much about the days when I played chess.Each piece has certain abilities and limitations.
 Dance and formal martial arts have a lot in common, so it doesn't surprise me that Bruce Lee was a good dancer.
 Time to see what sun is left for today.
 I will have to start incorporating that into my workouts. Crunches and horror films.
 I cried like a baby watching that movie. I was so sad when the mom died. I was 37 years old...
 We do. Although it is in a little danger...
 Maybe we can get an abassador for the forests like we have one for aliens.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Are you into music?  Did you know that the dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 even though it was released 40 years ago.
 Interestingly 2 identical twins from japan released a rap album.  funny thing was that they were 100 years old.
 I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Nice chatting too!  Maybe check out the 100 year old twins someday!
 Yes I know, I would have liked to be there
 The music industry is such a strange beast. I think both of them are very talented and have some good songs. 
 Ha ha. I hate to see bad things happen to people but as someone who is not a Creed fan I find that hilarious. 
 Oh yes, I love them. I love the video of all the drummers and other instruments playing at the same time. People came from all over the world to be in that.
 Yeah, I like how Netflix has all kinds of things to watch. You can even watch an hour long video of a fireplace, haha.
 Haha, I remember that "funeral." Very haughty of them! I don't know why making the phones bigger would be a good move for them if it alienates their key demographic, though. A bit like that game "Send me to heaven." It seems to not help them overall. 
 They're also pretty good for videos. A movie came out about 2015 that was shot entirely on an iPhone. Funnily enough, you can find it on Netflix!
 I do! I'm a New Yorker and a huge Yankees fan, though I do root for the Mets as well :)
 That is pretty cool. It is cool that trousers and pants are the exact same thing, just difference in countries 
 Yeah.  I think guys like the Android OS too. It has more games. Microsoft has a funeral for the iPhone when it launched their own phones! Like Gates needs more $$$.
 Yes once in awhile although I am no good at it. It is a beautiful form of human movement no doubt.
 The Romans thought only barbarians wore pants lol. You too! Well it was really nice talking with you. Have a great day.
 I love baseball and going to live games! Did you know that the managers wear the uniform because they can techn ically play if absolutely needed? Can you imagine that?!!
 Yeah, i prefer kick ball lol
 What is crazy is that baseball is super popular in Japan apparently. And as for the Japanese, a lot of them are shocked to learn that it is actually America's pastime and was not created in Japan
 Yeah, well when you are not educated on its history its hard to decifer the difference
 Well let me ask you this, what would you do if you found millions of dollars worth of old baseball cards in your attic? Apparently some guy did recently
 I would be shocked to find that out and would definatly keep them hidden
 I like dogs as long as they are big dogs or atleast bigger than a chihouwa lol
 Yeah, and they they can even donate blood at dog blood drives! I wonder if they ever found a match with human blood?
 Haha I don't think it works that way unfortunately. When I do like those that Istanbul has a system that rewards stray dogs for bringing back trash, that's a good idea
 Yeah, the netherlands always come up with good ideas when it comes to recycling!
 I think it could be the way their brain interprets learning of direction. 
 Exactly, plus i wish i could see in the dark naturally like they can too lol
 I love both, i have 4 cats and 3 dogs and you?
 One dog, but I like dogs more than cats, there's a reason that they are called 
 I love dogs, but don't have one right now.  That is so cool! Very interesting fact. 
 I would like to see that!  Have you ever been to Georgetown near D.C.?  If you like coffee, try out The Coffee Bar.  You might find Birnbaum there. That would be fun!
 Well, it is kind of similar...the difference is mostly between the kicking and hitting I guess!
 Hello! Do you like baseball?
 Hi I'm a big fan!  How about you?
 I love playing baseball or Golf but don't really follow it too much. I don't have a lot of free time :)
 I used to play right up through college.  Did you know that managers wear their uniforms because technically they are able to play if needed?
 Yes!  That's like winning the lottery.  Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans there are surprised as its status as America's national pastime.
 Interesting! Fun facts here lol. So do you like dogs? I love dogs but don't have any pets right now. 
 I love dogs.  I have 2 of them right now.  I always thought that dogs were color blind, but apparently they just can't see as many different colors as humans.
 I never heard of doggy blood drives. lol  They are a lot of work for sure and now that my kids are grown up the dogs leave more toys around the house than the kids ever did. lol  Dogs and elephants by the way are the only animals that seem to instincitvely understand pointing.
 I hadn't heard about doggy blood drives either lol, and yep, dogs are messy little pets since they play so much, I think it is awesome that dogs are used for so many amazing things by helping people.
 I agree.  Google even likes them and prefers them over cats.  Their code of conduct states that they are a dog company. lol
 Hhaha, that is pretty interesting! In Instanbul, they have vending machines to give stray dogs water and food when you feed the machine your plastic bottles! We should do that here too!
 I do Golf every now and then, but it gets hot out here where I live so not to often, how about you?
 I do in the summer months.  I'm in Northern Ohio so that's only about 3 months out of the year.  lol  An average American golf course uses around 312,000 gallons of water per day.  That's a lot!
 Crazy.  Seems like a lot of wasted water.  Maybe they recycle from all the lakes and ponds on the courses.  Golf courses in America make up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined.  That's incredible.
 Holy smokes!  Babe Ruth was once America's favorite golfer.  I had no idea.
 I would do the same thing!  I love Samuel Jackson.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you!  Have a good night!
 He did make the Hall of Fame as a first baseman
 True, and his name immortalized in the Peanuts comics several times.
 That's even cooler :)  McCovey was one of 10 children and had 521 home runs in 22 years.  That's a long career in baseball.
 That's great.  That can be a positive connection for McCovey.
 Wow, never saw that one!  Interesting.  Nice talking to you.
 Yeah, but Hitler once suppressed jazz which he condemned as "degenerate" because of its association with Jewish and black composers and musicians, I'm happy we've come a long way since then!
 Hi, how are you?
 It makes me want to visit new orleans. They hold jazz fest there. It's also where it originated from.
 I listen to those genres every once in a while. Jazz is considered america's claassical music...
 New Orleans jazz started in the early 1910s. I feel like it has a lot in common with the advent of rap...
 Yes, in terms of music but in terms of american cultural acceptance, I see more parallels with rap. 
 Not with my money he wont! Nice chatting with you
 i think that that is a really good thing they are doing to stray dogs in Istanbul. Other places should do similar things
 I think so too!  Apparently, Google is a dog company.  
 Haha, funny. Cats are cute! Though I'm not too into knowing them personally xD
 Yeah, I'd like a dog to just curl up next to me while I watch baseball on TV. I like the Chicago Cubs, but they haven't won the world series since they were the first baseball team to win back to back world series.
 Oops, I mean I only catch a handful of games on tv. Never caught a baseball! Wish I would have! Nice chat. Have a great night!
 Thanks!
 Yes you should! You should also check out the Pakistani Jazz Orchestra, they are climbing the charts as we speak!
 You definitely should learn, then you should get a houseboat like Pink Floyd to record your songs LOL
 Hi, do you watch YouTube?
 To be fair, as a kid I loved that song. 
 I know! I can't believe it broke YouTube.  Actually, Youtube is the second largest search engine.
 That's crazy. Police have their own channel called blutube. 
 That is so interesting! I guess you would have great reception that high up.
 Ha, I probably do. I know I'm not the 7% that read the full terms when buying a product though.
 I mean it's kind of true, because artist wouldn't make music for free. I do love her though and have listened to every album since she first started. 
 No, I had no idea that actually happened. I did see Kanye West interrupt her accepting an award though.
 Wow. I seen she owns a private jet and an airport hangar in Nashville.
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 The world is at our fingertips. Education and experiences are now limitless. Just imagine the advancements that will be made in the next 100 years!
 Yes, It seems she had a big impact on his life. She would ask things such as "what does a loquacious person like to do?"
 she said before, "I remember him as the kid who never smiled". I still don't think he smiles.
 i agree, but it's interesting they were remembering this moment 
 I know and she feels uncomfortable about it., but i really respect him for advocating for the increase of teacher wages 
 Hi Turker, are you familiar with the rapper Jay-z and beyonce?
 Yes I am!  Jay z went to the same high school as Busta Rhymes and DMX.
 Wow I didn't know that, I like to hear Busta Rhymes rap a little better that J-z.
 Yes I agree.  Jay Z's comeback album Kingdom Come was named after the DC Comics miniseries of the same name.  Neat.
 I would guess to hide their real identities from fans?  lol  Jay Z was the ghostwriter for a song on the space jam soundtrack performed by Bugs Bunny.  I didn't know Jay z was around when that movie came out.
 Either me, sometimes I forget that famous people age also, Hahaha, did you remember when they had that fight in the elevator?
 I do remember that! haha  Did you know that Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of congress?
 Yes it did.  Terrible he died so young.  Busta Rhymes once voiced the Reptar Wagon in the Rugrats movie.  Never knew that.
 I remember that.  It was a west coast vs east coast answer song to Alecia Keys and Jay Z's Empire State of Mind.
 No.  hahaha That sounds like it would be funny for some reason.
 Hmm...that's a tough call because my favorite rapper is actually a friend of one of my kids.  He goes by the name of Hazey Flow here in Ohio.  LOL
 As far as eras, I would have to say the rapping around 1989ish is my favorite.  Like Young MC.  I couldn't get enough of his Bust a Move song back then.  Those were also my high school and college years so those songs strike a nerve with me.
 I do love reading.  Not as much as I like to.  I was a heavy user of the library system in the 90s and up until around 2012 because I lived in a very rural area.  The library was a cheap form of entertainment.  
 I hear ya.  That's where I get a lot of mine as well.  I used to love reading the Sunday newspaper back in the days before the internet came around.  There is a girl named Anne Jones who holds the world record for speed reading.  She can read 4,700 words per minute.  That's a lot of books.  
 Rap truly is an art form
 I appreciate that he is trying to help youths get their lives in order to mature into productive adults, though.
 Well at least on Reddit people can learn about kind deeds and maybe pass them on. They have a page with 25 of the kindest deeds done on reddit.
 I love youtube!  How about you?   It was started by 3 former PayPay employees.
 Oh yeah me too... you can find almost anything on you tube!
 Yes.  It is the 2nd largest search engine on the net.  I watch a lot money making videos and concert clips.
 I've gotten some tips.  I like to watch them for inspiration really.  Helps me want to go out there and make money.  I like to listen to business motivational speakers like Gary Vaynerchuk, etc.  I also found some good apps to make money that way.  Netflix and Youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 I like the swagbucks video apps.  I just plug my phone in and let them play and it accumulates points.  Google swagbucks it's a legit site.  Been using it for something like 8 or 9 years now.  Did you know that the police have their own youtube called blutube?
 I have no idea.  Maybe they try to make money off the ads?  That's cool you use swagbucks.  Do you remember Psy's Gangnam Style song?
 LOL... yeah i do!  
 It got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits. lol crazy.
 Oh wow... that is crazy!  The sensible thing i like about youtube is that justin biebers "baby" video is the most unliked!  LOL
 Hmmmm... great chat, have a good one!
 Maybe I should give that page a try.  Nice talking with you today. 
 Ah. I don't know much about the Japanese poetry other than their alphabet is a poem. What do you think about cultures in general use dance as a form of poetry. 
 I dont really know. I was kind of being random. I just watched a dance show and it has me twirling.lol Sorry
 hahah no worries :) Tupac danced ballet in high scool.
 Yeah, I found out some really good news and am flustered. I wanna dance like nobody watching me. Bruce Lee was a good dancer and actually won awards for dancing, not me so much.
 haha, no worries. there's plenty of time to win them. I'm glad we both understand how poetry is still relevant today :)
 Me too, that was a trick! Babies are so distracting too sometimes./Ya know they smile when music is played.
 Yes, its a life changer. Its hard to have the write words, thank you for chatting with me.
 Hi! I love baseball! In fact, I also love soccer-baseball as they call it in Canada as well. Ha! What about you?
 Great! Hope you're doing well! Are you a fan of Ntozake Shange by chance? I love her work and love how she writes in such a style that mimics the syntax of black speech. It's so unique and realistic. 
 That is true. I know I do! I also like to dance and watch people dance. I'll never forget that episode of Mr. Rogers where he learned to breakdance. Ha!
 I didn't know that! Well, it's been fun chatting with you!
 Been great chatting with you as well! I may go buy a parrot now just to see it dance along to music as they are actually able to do that! Ha! 
 I think I've read that poem too - it's funny how I remember written works but I'm a dunce at remembering actual names of the celebrities or famous people who wrote them!
 I think it's hilarious that the womens world cup had higher ratings than the world series. 
 That would be nice to find out! Well, I'm gonna go watch an Earth documentary now. All this talk about it is making me curious! cya!
 That's good. Anyway, I had fun chatting! Have a good day! 
 Interesting. We can both rest assured though because Walt Disney has 22, making him the record holder, and that's well deserved
 I'm doing well how are you? Did you watch the academy awards last week?
 I did for a little bit but didn't really like them. I wish a movie like Blazing Saddles was nominated but they are all too serious.
 I know! The academy does not appreciate or understand the comedy genre.
 They really don't. They really focus on Drama. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because they don't project positivity.
 I never got into it. I did like his performance in the Night Manager. Did you ever see that? 
 It was so good! It was a six part mini series on AMC. If you have time, you can listen to thousands of old radio dramas for free online.
 Even Eminem has won one, which is more than people like Johnny Depp and George Lucas, who have never won.
 Keyword "nominated". I bet there weren't enough people to fill in the categories so they said heck why not?
 I would have guessed more! I wonder who is next in line?
 Good move on that part. Also google how Hummingbirds are so crazy. They steal spider webs for their nest!
 theifs! I am working on google now. I'll let you know...
 Oh yeah of course! I loved watching house, seemed like it was one of those shows that always had a really intriguing story going on. 
 Do you know if that show has won any awards? I've never really followed the Academy awards or other awards all that often.
 Seems like every year there is always a big craze about what movie will win "Best Picture of the year" Like I said this year i've hardly seem any. You see any good movies this year?
 I would have thought that would be more common of an occurrence. I wonder if there will ever be a shift in what movies will win awards, Sandra Bullock was good in Birdbox but its one of those movies that wasn't in theaters and was free to watch with netflix
 Walt Disney? Yeah of course! He was a legend in his era and to this day left a lasting legacy!
 Thats pretty neat, the Disney company he helped create has grown so much, they also own ABC and ESPN. Both great TV and the disney movies have been a big part of my life growing up and today still
 I think Oscars are for movies and Emmy's are for TV, Even though I don't really care for the Oscars it would be kind of neat to hold an Oscar, they are kind of neat Awards 
 Yeah, I do bird watching from time to time and it is fun. Nice chatting with you
 Every once in a while I see a bird and kind of wonder what that is or if it was a rare occurrence, enjoyed chatting!
 Same here
 I love jazz
 me too.  The sound of Jazz's music is so enriched and relaxed
 You got a very good point there. It really makes sense because the chemical components are prone to chemicals in the smoke of a cigarette
 Okay.  Nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your music
 I am good thank you just reading about Kanye west  I did not know his middle name was Omari.
 I did not know big sean was so smart
 well it was nice talking to you
 Agreed. But he does do good things sometimes. Like giving his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at one of his concerts!
 Wow. Well I am grateful to the three people who founded it back in 2005!
 Yeah that would be really funny to watch. I always thought breakdancing looks like swimming. I love watching swimming at the summer Olympics.
 Yes.  It would be kind of neat having a leg like that!  She will even be able to play sports and dance!
 Yes I travel a lot for work. Mostly a lot on an airplane. I would like to travel on a bus that goes 160 miles an hour though LOL
 Nope it's not haha. Also there's a lot of horse poop all over the road LOL did you know that the king of Hawaii was the first team to travel around the world?
 I think it's cute that babies spontaneously dance when they hear music! 
 Mine does it too! Love seeing him smile and dance around.
 I was! It's known as the "highest court in the land", that's pretty funny. I think it'd be pretty nerve-racking to play in that court, though! 
 I love youtube!  Together with Netflix they make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 lol  That's funny.  Do you remember Psy's Gangnam Style song?
 I'm going to have that song in my head now.  lol  I was surprised to find out that youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet.
 Interesting.  I'll have to look it up. Jumping back to Kanye West...he once did an SNL skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows.  lol
 I like his music and I actually like that he's outspoken.  I don't always agree with what he's saying but I respect that he isn't afraid to voice his opinion on things he believes in.  He does things too like the time he gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at one of his shows.  I think that's awesome.
 I like him!  I remember him for the hook shots he did.  He dunked in college so much that the shot was banned for almost a decade in college basketball.
 Isn't that ironic!  lol  The highest paid state employee in 39 out of 50 states is either a college basketball or football coach.  
 I didn't.  I wish my work had that.  That would be awesome to use after a day at work or at lunch time.  There is a team in New Zealand nicknamed the "tall blacks".  Wow.  That would not fly here in the states.
 Nope that name would not work haha. Back to Kanye West though. It is nice that he gave a fan in a wheelchair his microphone once at a concert that is one nice thing that he did
 I agree!  Simply awesome!  It was nice chatting with you!  Have a good one!
 Hello,  do you drive a car?  did you know the drive thru was invented in  1975?
 well I guess when they were released microsoft put out a fake funeral for the iphone, obviously that didn't pan out though haha
 I know! I had no idea it has been around that long. I seen somewhere that the first person to make a purchase got a building named after him. I believe the total was $27.95.
 Yeah, and they surpassed Walmart as the most valued retailer in the US. 
 I believe I had a package come on a Sunday, but I always thought I got lucky. haha
 I am guilty too, I don't have time to read all of that! 
 I did not see it. If some of Lebron's high school games attracted 1750 attendees, I imagine the LA area would be rocking. Am I correct?
 That is pretty commendable, I appreciate the people who use their platforms to do good for society. They really deserve there successes
 Yeah, and then he can build momentum and excitement toward that new SPace Jam sequel he is doing for Warner Bros. Probably not Academy Award worthy, but a fun night with the kids...
 Is that what put him over the top and made him the highest paid celebrity? Judge Judy, the second-highest paid, earns $123k per episode.  I'd like to see her try to dunk from the baseline.
 I doubt it. The dude that invented it, Naismith, was a coach. And he was a losing coach at that!
 There is an easy place for a joke, but I'll refrain from that... Instead, I'll say tennis and basketball both allow players to play and get paid for it.
 Good question. Probably due to the massive global interest in the game, while some of those other sports are only regional in interest. How did hockey get on that list? THere is no ball in hockey!  Oh, well, I'll let it slide. After all, Polo shirts were first designed for tennis players. Now tennis players wear clothes designed by Serena Williams.
 I believe it is her brand, who knows really... All I know is that I was a tennis player in HS, and nobody ever dried our tennis courts with a helicopter like they did for the 1960 US Open. 
 I did not grunt. I did not win much either. Maybe the two are related? I did beat the State champion once. He held the state title in wrestling. He was worse at tennis even more than I. It was an epic battle, not like the 11-hour longest match in history--more like 90 minutes of laughable antics, but it is a nice memory none-the-less
 Rarely.  I never could dunk a basketball though. I am too short. I do remember when college basketball banned the dunk because of Kareem Abdul-Jabar's dominance around the rim. Nobody was in fear of my granny-style three-throws.
 Lol, those are the best, who cares about dunks, you make a fool out of yourself if you went for the dunk and screwed it up so badly. I would love to see one of the pros in the NBA imitate your signature move from the three-point line
 They would probably grunt. I would love to see the basketball court that sits upon the US Supreme Court building, dubbed "The Highest Court in the Land" I hear Ruth Bader-Ginsberg can hit it from midcourt--and then she falls asleep.
 Yeah, and only about 5 free throws... He was horrible at the line. He should have gone granny-style!  Then maybe he would have been invited to play for the New Zealand basketball temam nicknamed "THe Tall Blacks
 Hm. I am having a tough time trying to think of a reason. Maybe because they like Starbucks tall, iced mocha-lattes?  Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! May the ball always bounce your way my friend! 
 Shark infested waters like "The White Shark Cafe!" A place in the middle of the Pacific Ocean where sharks congregate! Yikes, my luck my ship would go down there. Hey, it's been a great chat! :D
 Hey, you too!  You have a great evening!
 You as well !!!
 Maybe we'll chat again sometime!
 I hope so!
 Yes.  North Carolina has low income taxes.  I'm surprised it wasn't one of the locations that Amazon wanted to build their headquarters.
 That's interesting seeing how Amazon has their own music streaming service.  Did you know that the IMDB website is also owned by Amazon?
 Yes they are.  We love Prime.  It was worth it just for the video streaming services.  We got rid of our cable after getting it.  Has saved us tons of money.  Theoriginal movies and shows that they've self published have been pretty good as well.
 That wouldn't be a bad way to get paid and get some exercise.  Especially in the winter months.
 That's pretty neat!  I do like how Amazon has given opportunities to people who can work from home or deliver packages to make money working for themselves.  It's crazy to think just a few decades ago the internet was just getting started.
 LOL  I remember those days.  I couldn't have even imagined have 3G cell service and able to use the internet that way as well.
 I think I might have that too.  Yikes. lol  Did you know that the 3 horizontal menu line on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?  I've never heard that before.  lol
 lol  I'm surprised to read that only 7 percent of people read the full terms when buying a product online.  That's crazy.  I read everything to make sure I'm not getting something I don't want or pay something extra.
 They are not bad. I dove off the coast of FL once and swam with a sschool of nurse sharks.
 I am pretty sure they sit around and gossip about the other sharks. It can get catty in there.
 Those dinosaurs can be gossips too. Now I know where the sharks got it from. The trees are tight lipped though. I have only heard one talk and that poor guy can only say "I am Groot."
 HA! So you're saying he has a future in public relations? Brilliant!
 It was a great chat. I hope you have a great night!
 You too!
 I like LeBron as well! I'm excited for his Space Jam movie, I think him + Warner Bros = an easy success.
 I didn't know that either! And same to you, have a good night yourself!
 Good night!
 Easy answer, they were probably hungry at the time.
 That's awesome. He seems like a pretty stand up guy.
 Good talking to you!
 I know, so nice chatting with you
 Yes I have been there many times. Over in New Zealand though...no snakes!
 Alright thanks bye!
 Sound like the beginnings of a horror movie.  Like Snakes on a Plane, now that was a horrific film!
 They sound more tech savvy than me, maybe I should get that pet for my daughter.
 Yes, Jazz is very important culturally to America, I know it has been exported all over the world, even to places you wouldn't expect, like Pakistan.
 I do.  Did you know that Tupac's music is the in the library of congress?
 Before becoming a rapper, Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist.  Interesting!
 I know.  I'm going to have some of those songs now in my head for the rest of the day.  lol
 LOL  That would have been funny to hear!
 No!  I wonder if that's on youtube?  Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called compliment battler.  That just sounds like it would be funnny.  They must throw compliments back and forth.  LOL
 LOL  Did you know that Jay Z, the Notorious BIG, Busta Rhymes, and DMX all went to the same high school?
 No doubt!  Do you use Facebook?
 Yes.  Me too.  I made a lot of friends from all over the world when I was in college 30 years ago.  It has been able to help us reconnect and talk again.  So, in that regard it's nice.  However I don't like all the news and meme garbage that people post.  lol
 Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green color blindness.  Interesting. I've had fun chatting with you!
 Thanks!  ...and you have a nice day too!
 HI!
 Hey! Nintendo has released Legend of Zelda and 
 Yes! Nintendo owns the Seattle Mariners how cool is that!
 I know! he wanted to do the moon walk! That would have been pretty cool
 Robots were used by the US government and military via Xbox controller
 I agree. Robots are tough to deal with, in general. They are even in Mythbusters.
 Great chatting! Have a great night!
 You too!
 No. I could care less about it, although I do listen to some when working out. I couldn't care less about Meek Mill's jail status. Do you like music in general?
 Agreed. I too like music. I am listening to Spotify now.
 Good for you! I have one and used to spend a ton of time on there. I made a New years resolution to quit and I only go on when I have to for work. Best thing ever.
 I agree. I stopped posting over a year ago and would just try to stay informed but too many used it as a way to brag. I just did me...
 Yeah. I do miss posting some photos. I am just now getting into photography and want to show off some of my work. 
 I would put it on Instagram but facebook owns them too. Maybe I'll just create a website.
 It was. Have a great day!
 I enjoyed our chat and learned some things.  Thank you for the conversation.
 Thanks, You too!
 LOL Monopoly was made to be a teaching tool about the injustices of capitalism.
 Unless you happen to buy a dumb device masquerading as a smart device.  Sort of like women who like guys with beards only to find they can't grow one. 
 Yes great chat! Enjoy your day.
 Hi. Do you like entertainment? Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience or gives pleasure and delight.
 I love that chefs are encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods.
 I have a friend that's one.  He's really cool.  I think Carol Burnett was cool to appear on Sesame Street. 
 Probably...  You never know, Ronald Reagan once didn't get a part because he didn't have "that presidential look".  The jokes on them...
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm really good. I just finished a game of Monopoly. Did you know that the orange properties are statistically the best purchase?
 I did not. I usually like the cheap ones becaue a hotel is easy to get there...
 It's a fun game. Monopoly is licensed in more than 103 countries and in more than 37 languages. That's crazy!
 103 Countries? That's crazy. Monopoly game was originally intended to be a teaching tool about the injustices of capitalism
 They didn't do it in Cuba! Monopoly is so firmly capitalist that it was once banned in russia and china and is still outlawed in north korea and cuba
 That's funny. Silent reading is only a recent phenomenon. Only the most skilled readers of the middle ages could read silently.
 Nice chatting with you.
 Of course!  Especially when ther are exaggerating characteristics for humorous effect!  How about you?
 Do you think Demetri Martin is a funny comedian? The dude left Harvard Law School to pursue comedy, a pursuit he found more interesting.
 Recently, he was in the movie, "In a World" but he is better known for his standup.  I don't think he has ever been in a bromantic comedy because he is rather OCD, and that would be a tough fit in that genre.
 Sure. Loved him in Stripes. He seems fond of Kung Fu Hustle though, which is not blockbuster.
 Acquired taste... Are you familiar with Ryan Stiles?
 He was on teh Drew Carrey show, but I know him best for Whose Line is it anyway? the improvisational comedy show. Do you know of it?
 I heard of a ballet dancer by that name. I wonder if they are related? Maybe this Tupac dude would rap on his tip toes?
 Bruce Lee, the Kung Fu star, was a dancer too, so Tupac is in good company as a double threat. What ever happened to Tupac?
 Yeah, aparently he even won a Cha Cha contest once. Good on his feet and good with his feet!
 That is suprising, I prefer Seinfeld or Friends myself.  It is amazing comedy was the first genre of film although the Horror genre has been a part of literature for some time.  
 Nice! No need to run every morning. Apparently watching a horror movie can help you enjoy abstract art more.
 I've never had the patience for ballet myself, but I am impressed with some of the dance moves of modern dance.  I read that ballet dancers can go through 4 pair of shoes in a week.  I wonder if that is expensive?
 Interesting. I wonder how many Michael jackson went through. He had a patented device to help him get more lean in his dance moves. Pretty cool.
 Hmm, wonder waht he patented, I read somewhere that Michael Jackson wanted to play spiderman and tried to buy the rights to the franchise.  I have a hard time seeing that.
 Maybe, I can't see that either.  I read that babies dance spontaneously when they hear music, maybe that's why some people play music before they are born.
 That's probably for the best, a child that young could be traumatized by a horror film,  I much prefere comedies, what is your favorite
 The Hangover or Pineapple Express were great, very funny. I kind of like the bromantic comedies.
 So you are into bromances, some of them are good, I don't car much for slapstick which was one of the first type of movies,  I like British Humour like Fawlty Towers?  Although I do like some horror like World War Z, not slasher movies though, How about you?
 Thanks for the chat!
 Sure do, doesn't everyone? What genre do you like?
 I think he is a good rapper, an og for sure. 
 That is awesome. I know he removed his songs from itunes because he said movies are not sold scene by scene so his music shouldn't be.
 Yeah it is. 
 I believe it was after a dc comics miniseries, about superman coming back out of retirement and showing the new young superheroes how it's done. 
 Oh yeah, definitely.
 That is kind of hilarious. 
 Yeah! His favorite superhero was spiderman. 
 Is that a Korean thing? I think I heard about it somewhere.
 Yeah, it is. They just compliment each other.
 Hey you enjoy the company of a dog? They are called mans best friend for a reason!
 Oh nice. Yes I have a 4 year old lab. He is a great companion but not much of a hunter!
 True although I bet they would be very effective like you suggested. I think it's cool they are derived from the wild wolf!
 Yeah, they've been around around almost as long as modern humans. We've probably evolved in response to them as much as the other way around.
 Agreed. Stray dogs have it pretty good in Istanbul because there are vending machines there that release food and water!
 That's really great. I always feel bad for animals that are abandoned.
 Me too. So sad. Yes so at this vending machine, all people have to do is deposit recycled plastic bottles and it dispenses food!
 Yeah good idea, maybe we should implement that around the big cities! Google even prefers dogs, it says so in their code of conduct. Maybe they could help with the machines.
 You raise a good point. I will have to google that! But it was really nice being able to chat with you!
 Likewise!
 I totally feel you and glad to hear you feel that way, nice speaking with you and God bless you! 
 Hello
 sure
 Bye now!
 I would not be surprised if they are selectively bred to code!
 Good evening partner. I love comedy it is such a lighthearted and uplifting genre.
 Awesome. Yeah that would have been funnier I think. He was so funny in Nacho Libre.
 Yes, did you know Jack Black has his own YouTube channel he started recently, he is funny I think his son is helping him run it.
 I enjoy watching political satire very funny especially on shows like Saturday Night Live.
 Yes fantasy is a good genre, they even have Fantasy congress where players draft members of congress and you get points off their legislative success.
 Very big accomplishment. I also think it's cool that the fantasy genre has expanded into various media like film, television, graphic novels, and video games.
 Yeah, he was a ballet dancer in high school.
 Yeah, I've seen them do it.  It's pretty funny. 
 Yeah, I watch it all the time.
 Good morning! Do you watch tv?
 I would think so! TV shows can be an escape pod from everyday worries. It always helps.
 wow! My nice is a ballet dancer, I'll have to ask her! Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker.
 I really like Netflix. It's great to have.  Netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide, including 58.46 million in the United States.
 Boy, I'm not sure. I think it's cool that USPS has a contract with Amazon to deliver on Sunday.
 That is cool! It is also the second largest employer in the world.
 I don't know, but it must be a lot. I know Amazon started as a bookstore online.
 Are you kidding? Crazy! Some people can speed read. The world record is 4,700 words per minute.
 No kidding. Since reading can not be controlled or restricted to one or two interpretations.
 Hi there! Yes, I do use Amazon. I like it because it allows me to buy like-new items for a discounted price.
 Yeah, they do. Amazon is top notch. Other companies like Best Buy or Target try to price match them.
 I don't think so. Also, I think Amazon has everything I could EVER need. Their logo even means they have everything from A to Z.
 Books are interesting. I bought a hat.
 Nope! ButI do like hats. I bought a winter hat. I'm not Russian, but winter hats are commonly associated with Russians and ancient nomads.
 I did as well. Have a great night! Keep reading more fun facts so you can tell them to me in the future.
 Take care now.
 Have a good evening. I, like most of us, are going to muddle through and hope that things will get better.
 Me too.
 That's hilarious. Do you think they're affiliated with the RePUPlican and DemoCATic parties? I don't know how I feel associating dogs with the Republican party, though. Truman wouldn't even be photographed riding the Dumbo ride at Disneyland because he didn't want to be affiliated with them.
 Hi! Do you like to read?
 Yeah, and they actually wore tye-dyed stuff!  Apple actually had a clothing line in 1986.  I wonder if it's something a Pilgrim would wear.
 He was the only honest entity in the room, I'm sure. Elmo rocks. 
 That's because Elmo is dedicated to teaching children and making them happy! He encourages good behaviors like learning and reading. Congress, on the other hand...well, that goes back to "shouldn't be around baseball bats," haha.
 Yep.  The man whose surname is also Braille did a wonderful thing for teaching too.  I always think of Helen Keller...
 I like stories like hers.  I makes me thing how easy I have it.  Unlike our pols who have a subway just to go to different offices in the same, albeit large, building.  If this is the last go-around, it was great chatting with you! You obviously have an abundance of grey matter. 
 You too, and I appreciate the conversation. You've given me a reminder to think about how easy I have it too. Thank you!
 That is good.  Must have some nice items.  I've seen doggy outfits, those are fun.
 That's nice, I would've want people who are visually impaired to read books to sharpen their knowledge as well.
 Some people just have a natural ability, those people often are exemplary people.
 I am assuming that some of them will. Apple also had a clothing line back in 1986. I wonder if they were 'high tech'.
 Well, Amazon also started off as an online book retailer. Not every technology giant started out as one.
 Anyways, thank you for your time. It was nice chatting with you!
 Wow that's really cool! I like Steve Martin. He was in a very funny movie called The Jerk. Have you seen it? I entertain myself on YouTube a lot.
 I have not seen the movie but i like steve martin. i like you tube for the music during the day.
 Do you ever read poetry? Rumi once said "Life is a balance of holding on and letting go." That sounds about right, I think.
 Yes I like the transformer movies the newest one about bumblebee was great. 
 Yes, that's a big running joke...pretty hilarious! I hear those movies are pretty huge in the entertainment corridor and have made billions of dollars! I like how they have humor and action!
 I would love to have a transformer as a pet. You could sport any car you wanted and have protection.
 You are smart that is correct.  Well can you guess why Dalmatians are associated with firefighters?
 Yes that is correct!  I had to give up riding horses because just like Clint Eastwood, we have a mid life allergy to horses.  
 Yes I love horse and I am always watching videos on horses.  I mean there are so many of them.  There are over 300 breeds of horses in the world.  
 Wow that is a ton of breeds.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good one. 
 Nice! Michael Caine got into acting for the pretty girls in high school.
 That's like speed walking or something right?
 Lipizzaner horses take like 6 years to train. That's a lot!
 That seems excessive to be honest. Babies even dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat just right!
 Yes it must. Do you have a pet dog? I love how they are called man's best friend, it is so true. 
 No but I really want one! There are so many breeds all in different shapes, sizes, and colors!
 So cool. If the vending machine is colored the dogs would be able to see it because they aren't color blind!
 Yes and they were made popular by Rene Lacoste. Now the brand makes more sense to me. It was lovely talking to you on this beautiful morning. Have a good rest of your day.
 Yep, makes sense to me too. Have a good day. 
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm doing great! It's a great day for a chat!
 "Where's my pants?" Just a guess... How special do your pants have to be though??? Seems like overkill.
 HA! Nice! The defendants have to ask him to pull up his pants and act appropriately... The romans saw wearing pants as a sign of barbarism.
 HA! Or at least have the same effect. Michael Jackson owned a patent on the thing that allowed him to do the extreme lean.
 Funny... Here I am trying to lose weight and I just need to change my tags... who knew!
 That's the surest, fastest way for America to deal with the obesity crisis. The jeans companies need to help!
 Im cancelling my gym membership right now! You have made a believer out of me!
 I have been wondering about that pocket for years. Mystery solved. I tried my pocket knife in there but it was too big.
 Ewww! Although I can see my 5 & 7 year olds doing that. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes its super calming. I love it when they move their bodies to the music.
 Yes they work very hard.
 yes that was interesting.
 I didn't realize that there was a difference between button down and button up shirts. That was pretty interesting.
 Sounds super nice.
 Yes, it was super nice to chat. Thanks for chatting.
 I'm not sure what kinds but if it was full of classic cars I'm positive that that's a lot of money. I would have been thrilled if I was that guy. Probably could have sold them and paid off my mortgage that I just acquired. 
 Hi, very good! Do you like tennis?
 Me too! The matches are so exciting,  but I did not know one lasted 11 hours
 that is true and were designed by a player named Rene Lacoste, they are so popular
 i like them, they are super comfortable but no extremely informal. i like the Crocodrile  logo from Lacoste, now I now it was Rene's nickname
 That is cool, I would like to see that happen again, since then it hasn't.
 And this match was spread over 3 days. I wonder who played?
 Yes, I like telecommunications, I have worked with phone companies, for a few years I worked with the phone company from New York
 I did not know before but it cool to know. did you know unicef would donate water when we do not use our cellphones?
 that is crazy i would not have guessed that. Do you like books?
 Me too , since I was a child i always wanted to read something, did you know that there is a children's book that has less than 50 words?
 It was great talking to you!
 I'm not sure, I would have to look into that. I like how Henry Winkler wrote a children's book about his own disability. He had dyslexia and wrote an 18 book series where the main character is dyslexic. In the tv adaptation he plays the music teacher who supports the child.
 Me too! But if I am given a few drinks, I am fred estare....
 Apparently, I am too! Although he would beat me up... Tupac was too!
 It is about two kids getting touched inappropriately at neverland ranch. I have not seen it because I do not do recreational sadness. I can't!
 I can see that. Although horror films burn 180 calories so it might be worth it!
 I haven't seen it. I swore off horror movies when my then girlfriend called me scared at 2 am because of a horror movie. I married her.
 Ha ha.  That was funny.  You do not want your wife to wake you up for that.
 Nope! Nice chatting with you!
 I have, yuk. I have also seen beautiful collections. I would love to see some of his bookends. It says that he also had a vw beetle convertible. It sounds very humble for a politician.
 I wonder if it was a collectible from like the 60s. I bet he has exquisite taste.
 so funny. I have not heard that! McDonalds actually invented the drive thru for servicemen that were not supposed to get out of their cars in fatigues.
 Ha! I find those hats to be hilarious. Not sure why.
 Laurel and Hardy! Tipping of the hat for friendliness came from knights lifting their visor to show friendliness.
 That's an interesting tidbit. They could make a point of order in the house of commons!
 I would still wear it as a tip of the hat to my predecessors. Plus I don't like my hair.
 Elmer Fudd wore one of those hats.
 Me too! Nice chatting with you!
 It's good point. Maybe someone more important takes 111 lol let's say Washington DC... lol... anyway I don't know the asnwer
 Wow, I thought about what you said 10 hours or more per day, how do you do it?
 I do! I love dogs and cats especially. Some people love animals so much that there's actually a lawyer who defends animals in court!
 Interesting, I really like the idea that Germans gave animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights.
 I love rainy days when I can just snuggle up with my dog and a good book. I love literature, especially poetry. Do you read any poetry ever?
 That's crazy, that was such a good one. I think bad poetry can be equally as entertaining, though. CS Lewis and Tolkien once held a competition reading bad poetry where the first one to laugh loses
 Poetry is so diverse! There's a really long poem that uses hundreds of irregularly pronounced words called "Chaos" that I think is just meant to make people squirm haha
 I remember as a kid watching Mr. Rogers learn how to breakdance.  Now, that was funny.
 That is true. Nice chatting with you
 Im doing great. How about you.
 She is ok I guess. 
 Yeah it is the dassault falcon 900. Nice plane.
 She apparently took her music off spotify saying that music should not be free.
 Yeah but she makes so much off of everything that comes with it. People would still buy her music. What would it hurt for it to be on spotify. She will still make a lot of money.
 Thats just insane.
 That is messed up. I think getting your picture taken is what she wants. Its publicity. She is an entertainer.
 She doesnt seem insecure in all those ads and commercials.
 I think I could survive people taking my picture when I was out and about. to be making millions of dollars.
 I just think it would be cool to ride in a jet just once. Lol
 Yep she is a lucky gal. Have a good one.
 Yes, gross! The study of animals is called zoology. That would be a neat field to study. 
 Thanks, as well. I learned a lot of new things.
 Yes he was a great dancer. He even won some championships. 
 Now we are smart enough to wear clothes, so it's no longer needed.
 I agree, we have adapted our persistance is the cause of rewards, we are the best distance runners among all running animals
 She's pretty good. She went from country to pop now.
 It was good talking to you!
 Hi do you like to read?  I do!
 Nice!  CS Lewis and Tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry.  That sounds like it would be fun.
 Whoa!  That's flying!  Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.  Interesting.
 Neat!  In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.  That's kind of odd. lol
 lol  The FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of US censorship.  Wonder why they burned it?  Must have been content they didn't agree with. lol
 I bet he would!  There is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.  That would be fun I think!
 I do.  It seems like I am always on one.  lol
 Isn't that pretty incredible?  The space shuttle's general purpose computur ran on 1mb of ram.  Hard to believe that that powered it.
 I did back in the late 80s when they had the black screens with green lettering! lol
 Nice! lol Have a good day!
 I like 'Thriller'. The video was pretty cool. 
 You bring up a good point, that celebrities are always looking for new types of projects to appear in. Like now we have lots of celebrities on Sesame Street, but it didn't used to be that way until Carol Burnett went on for an episode way back.
 I know, it's amazing to believe they are the most paid. You would think judges would be. There is a basketball court on the top floor of the the supreme court for judges to play ball....and it's known as 'the highest court in the land' lol
 Oh for sure. It was a great collaboration. They were two of the biggest musicians of the 1980s.
 It's a play on All Blacks, their rugby team. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 And the robot. Bring on the robot!
 Pirates. Terrorists. Refugees. There is a long history of negative portrayals of Somalis around the world. (I really hope you have the same article section as me or this is going to come off as really weird.)
 I do like animals. Do you?
 Well there are 20 quintillion animals on the planet so you should be able to find a new pet!
 I do not know but it is adorable when my 5 year old tries to scare them out of me. I just giggle and smile.
 Ditto. Have a great day!
 Hi, how are you?
 They thought that women might stab them with their hatpins!  Too funny.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I've got to get to work, hope you enjoy the rest of your day, friend.
 Nice.  The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and lay on the ocean floor.
 Nice.  I'm going to have to look that up.  I think that's a good idea.  It's impossible to seperate 2 phonebooks that simply have thier pages overlapped together!
 Green eggs and ham!
 I heard he was a big fan!  Children's books have 50% more rare words in them than does an average showing of adult prime time television.
 Who would have thought that?  I like that over half of adults have library cards still.
 Good for him!  I like how the Sacramento library started a library of things where patrons can check out items that they may find useful but don't need to own long term.  What a great idea!  It's been fun chatting!
 Hello, how are you?
 I didnt know that. Which one of the articles caught your interest?
 I know you weren't lol because the first article mentions that the children's book are in fact not diverse
 That's actually great. It's my go to place whenever I need to be in quiet environment.
 Definetly true.If you publish a book in norway, the government will buy 1000 copies (1,500 if a children's book) and distribute them to libraries throughout the country. I found this fact very interesting
 I think they should read a lot more. You'd be surprised how many children have difficulties reading and spelling words.
 It truly is and it makes our means of communication way easier. We are able to connect with people from all over the world in the touch of a button.
 quite fascinating. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. I think if we all do this a little more we would impact many children's lives
 I believe it will be difficult to unhook people from using them though
 Completely agree. 
 yep. I read that too. quite remarkable what the right sources can do. Anyways, It was nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
 You have a fabulous day too!!!!!!
 thanks
 thank you
 When I was young everybody was a fan of the Chicago bulls, Air Jordans were very popular, even if the NBA banned them. 
 Cool!  ..and yes...back when it was known as the Basketball Association of America.  The league adopted the NBA name after merging in 1949 with the NBL.
 I know.  I think sports were more popular back then which allowed for more leagues because it seems like the histories of the other sports are that way too.
 Nice!  Granny style is my favorite shot to shoot at the free throw line!
 I'm going to have to remember that to tell the guys I play with next time I go to the free throw line. Hahahah
 Even if you score they will make fun of you! Better wear some cool shoes to offset that. Do you have any air jordans?
 I think I did hear about that before.  I do remember that was the first time I think I ever heard about an issue with players wearing uniforms and shoes that weren't league approved.
 I guess in the long run it was a good marketing tactic to still wear them and get fined then.  I had a good time chatting with you this morning!
 You too, bye!
 Have a good one!
 Me neither... Maybe he will get acting lessons!  well great chat, have a good one!
 Yes he is, I don't know why he's so hated. He did go back to Cleveland after Miami. Seems to be a thing, best NBA player in Space Jam movies.
 That is strange. I know that his name is Wardell but he goes by Stephen instead, I didn't know that!
 Haha, yes, I agree.  I didn't know that either. He certainly doesn't advertise that, it get used much or announcer mention it.
 I'm always glad to hear that. 
 Thats a lot of people for a high school. Also dude was a millionaire at 18. If you can turn down a 10 million dollar shoe deal you got some confidence. 
 Yeah I think I would be good with one million. Lol. So who is your favorite team if you have one. I like Golden State, thats just cause I like Steph curry though.
 Yeah I didnt know that. I knew his dad was dell curry who used to play in the nba. He was a pretty good shooter. Not as good as Steph though. 
 It has to be I can see Durant making more but nobody else. Well its been nice talking with you today. I feel like I learned some stuff and Im gonna look that up about stephs salary. 
 Nice chatting with you as well. Have a good one.
 Bye.
 Good morning!  What are your thoughts on Starbucks?  
 I think the bathroom thing goes with the spirit of neighborly.  Although I don't frequent Starbucks often I do enjoy their coffee. 
 Agreed.  However, I'm not sure I would swear off Starbucks altogether as one gentleman did.  Seems a bit harsh.  
 Yes, in a neighboring town they are raising funds to build tiny homes for homeless to live in.  They wont have electric or running water, but they will have shelter.  It is a step in the right direction.  
 I have never been a fan.  I like suspense ok but horror NO.  And for sure not bloody gory ones.  I did find it interesting watching them can burn more than 180 calories.  I might start liking them a bit more.  
 What is it about??  Sounds interesting.  I remember watching Children of the Corn as a child and not sleeping all night.  
 OOHHH  I have HULU so I might start watching it.  Might not finish it, but I'll start.  LOL  
 Yes, I can see that.  I'm not sure I understand the voting process.  They are just saying if they like or not with the hope of getting on their home page.  
 M either.  Younger folks are fans.  Nice chatting with you.
 Nice chatting with you!
 For sure. It was good chatting with you as well. Take care!
 Same here.  Mainly in the winter months.  Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA but Jordan wore them anyhow because Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
 I remember when they came out, everybody wanted a pair, because that's what MJ was wearing!
 Yes!  I remember that too!  Did you ever have a favorite basketball shot growing up?  I used to love to shoot granny style.
 lol  Physicists proved that shooting granny style is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line.  NBA players refuse to do it because it looks stupid. LOL
 I couldn't even imagine to have that kind of money at 18.  Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity after LeBron.
 That amazes me.  Some of LeBron's high school games would attract 1,750 people and tickets would cost anywhere from $100 to $120!
 Yes, he plays on one of my favorite teams.
 Nice!  The Warriors are on a role winning back to back titles.  I think they might have a decent shot at winning again this year.
 I hope so.  I grew up in California and have always followed them.
 Yes!  Did you know that both LeBron James and Steph Curry were both born in Akron, Ohio?  It's been fun chatting!
 That's cool.  I wonder if they knew each other around town?  Lol It's been nice chatting with you, too.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
 You have a great day too!
 I am not a fan. I do not see the point in purposely scaring myself.
 I mean, rum is good.... So maybe he thought he was doing a commercial for Captain Morgan's new line of spiced red rum?
 This is your brain on rum...
 Agreed. I know CNN gets a bad rap from some but I like it. 
 I do get irritated with that. And they do lean left, which is fine but I understand the criticism of some. 
 Ditto! Nice chatting with you!
 Same here.  I'm in the midwest and I love that I watch it late into the night.  Love the west coast games because they don't come on here until late.
 lol Did you know that both of them were both born in Akron, Ohio?
 His dad actually played for the Cleveland Cavs.  I'm from Northeast Ohio by the way. lol
 Yes he does.  Doesn't he do something that has to do with donating nets or something for every 3 pointer he makes?
 That was it.  I couldn't remember the exact details.
 Of course!  I liked him a lot!
 If I remember right, I think he made a promise to his mother or grandmother that he would finish school before going to the NBA.
 Yes...I do!  That's the only day I feel bad that the players have to play because they can't be with their families.
 That's right!  I remember that now that you said it.  I have to agree with Stan on that one.  It was fun! Have a good night!
 I know, haha. I doubt he was paid very highly but in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is a college football or basketball coach.
 Me too, though it would be a game of HORSE! Ha!
 Oh my gosh.  I didn't know that.  I'm going to have to look that.  I hope he is ok.
 Oh my.  That would scare me.  An officer held him up at gunpoint?  We're they crooked cops who robbed him?
 I've heard of him!  Yes.  He is a one egg short of a full basket.  He made $75,000,000 from Mission Impossible 3.
 I would be like Tom Cruise and do crazy things like climbing to the top of the Burj Khalifa!
 That's something I wouldn't do though.  I would do crazy things though like that if I had that much money to throw around.
 That would be nice.  Yes I do have a dog.  Wish I had an elephant too because I see both of them can understand pointing.
 I agree.  I see that google prefers cats to dogs and their code of conduct even states it.
 I don't like cats either.  I'll pass on cleaning the kitty litter boxes.  Hate the smell of them.  Did you know that dogs are not color blind?  They just can't see as many colors as humans.
 Yes.  I see in Instabul they have a machine where if you put in a plastic bottle it will release food for the citys stray dogs.
 I agree and it was good chatting with you too.
 Yeah, I heard he scored a couple of his films. Not what you would think of when you hear Dirty Harry...
 No I wouldn't have guessed he would be into it.  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees so they would be more comfortable playing.
 LOL They might!  There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs and they have jazz-like harmonies.  Interesting.
 Cool man. I can dig it... I wonder if Artificial Intelligence likes jazz?   All I can think of isThe Terminator with a goatie, playing jazz and trying to act cool.
 LOL That's great!  I wonder if the woman in Harlem who has held free jazz concerts in her apartment every Sunday for 20 years still does it?
 I hope she has a big apartment... It must be odd to walkl the streets of Harlem and hear ragtime in the background...
 He's more of a rap/hip hop artist.  He graduated high school in 2012 at the age of 25.  I would assume he must have quit and went back.
 Good for him. Any relationship to Drake University?
 No.  But he visited there in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to visit during a tour stop!
 Nice. Isn't Drake Canadian?
 Yes he is.  I believe he is from the Toronto area.  Could be wrong though.   Switching topics....are you a fan of basketball and the NBA?
 Sure! I have been known to dribble from time to time... I'm no Michael Jordan, and I don't expect Nike to pay my fines for wearing Air Jordans to work, but I survive on the court. You?
 I'm a 3 point shooter.  Too small to go inside. lol  Did you hear about the big lifetime endorsement deal that Allen Iverson got from Reebok?
 Yeah. Obscene amounts of money if yo ask me!  I am more a fan of players not too cool to try an occasional granny shot, the physicists approved method to improve consistency!.
 I'm going to have to remember to do the granny shot next time I'm playing!  lol  Ex player Tim Duncan passed up big money to stay in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA.  Not too many players do that now.
 The San Antonio Spurs made a great decision when they signed him!  Nice chatting! 
 Hello!  Are you a fan of jazz?
 As I get older I've come to discover it.  Never would have caught me into it when I was a teen or in my 20s.  lol  Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and he scored several films!
 Me neither.  I think of flutes and drums for some reason.  lol
 I know a little about him.  I think he's from the Toronto, Canada area.  Could you shed some light on him for me?
 I know the name and face. I think he must have quit school and went back because he didn't graduate high school until 2012 when he was 25 years old.  No way someone could have stayed in high school that whole time.  If it was possible and could go back in time.  Sign me up!!!! lol
 Yes.  There is a Drake University and from what I heard, the students there wanted him to come there.  After the students gave up trying, Drake showed up there in the middle of the night during a tour stop.  That's a pretty nice story.
 That's nice. I appreciate when famous people go out of their way to be kind. Do you like professional sports? I don't pay much attention but my husband enjoys the NBA.
 I do.  I'm a huge sports fan.  Speaking of kind players Tim Duncan was always a nice NBA player.  He had good character.  He sacrificied money and stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA.  If my memory is right, I believe he did that to honor the wishes of his grandmother who he always promised he would go to college and graduate.
 I couldn't even imagine what that would be like.  To be set like that would be such a feeling of relief.
 I know! Do you play basketball yourself? I can only shoot granny style.. but according to physicists, that's actually the most consistent shooting technique!
 I do.  ....and next time I'm playing I'm going to do it and throw that fact out there to my friends.  LOL  Do you remember the Air Jordan shoes?
 Yes.  The NBA banned them, but Michael Jordan wore them anyways because Nike was willing to pay the fine each game.  They are still a insanely popular shoe with people.
 Yes I agree.  lol  It was nice chatting with you!
 Yeah I watch it from time to time. They only have one team in Canada, and I have friends in Canada, so that's the team I like haha. It's the Toronto Raptors
 It's like you said, boys being boys.  It's just that in this day and age everyone can witness what you're doing online.  To get an artist like Drake involved is taking it about as far as it can go.
 Yeah i thought it was pretty crappy of Lebron to do what he did to Cleveland. I mean he would have been one of the best ever no matter where he played. He could have done it for his home town team and been an even bigger legend in my opinion.
 Yeah I just dont understand it. I dont even think they will win one in LA.
 I dont really have one. I just like the game. I think NBA players are the best athletes in the world and they do some amazing things athletically.
 That sounds cool. Were they nice guys though.
 That's awesome. Well its been nice chatting with you this morning. I gotta be getting to work soon. Maybe ill talk to ya again sometime.
 I agree.  I think a block party is an awesome idea!
 Yes I heard about that. I believe it was at UCLA
 Yes that is true.  My favorite position was always guard.  Do you have a favorite?
 I like to shoot the ball, but didn't get much play time except with my family so we play a lot of "horse" and "pig" lol.
 That is still fun!  Did you have a dog growing up?  Apparently, Dogs have 12 different blood types.
 Yes, I love Ellie Kemper. She is beautiful. 
 She is really funny. Nice chat.
 What is your favorite movie starring Meryl Steep? I loved her in "Momma Mia"
 I loved her in mamma mia! She should have won an oscar for it in addition to her other three oscars.
 OMG. Awards she has enough of. Amazing she has done so well considering that some, including the producer, Dino De Laurentis, think she lacks beauty.
 Talent must run in her family since her daughter is an actress too on mr. robot.
 Domo origato Mr. Roboto... Meryl was amazing in Julie and Julia too. Her costar, Stanley Tucci made her cook with him to prepare for the role, and Stanley is an excellent cook!
 Good question. They both have held up pretty good. Meryl's first film role was in a sports movie. I wonder what her last movie will be about.
 I hope she does something in the fantasy genre in a universe without locations referencing the real world.
 That would be a real departure for her. She excels at drama. I would love to see her in a movie with Michael Caine. You know he became an actor because thought the best looking girls in his school were in acting? Maybe Michael and Meryl can co-star in your fantasy flick.
 Fantasy exists in novels and video games too.
 True. I like comedic fantasy, like the works of Sir Terry Pratchett, knighted for his literature.
 Yeah, didn't he teach the actress that landed the role of Erin from the TV show, the Office?
 He did! He is talented just like jim carrey. Jim really excels in comedy because he does films that expel positive vibes.
 Dude, where's my drama? Has JC ever done radio? He is so expressive, he could even do those old classic radio dramas you can hear for free on the internet...
 He would probably get paid as much as hugh laurie for house. 700k per episode is great money!
 Drama is poetic and can be performed via play, opera, mime, or ballet. I love the ballet!
 That would be a cool pairing! Nice chatting with you This evening!
 Same here. I am going to go and watch a Meryl Streep movie.
 He is rapper.  Out of the top 10 most successful songs of all time, his "Gold Digger" song is in a minor key.
 I have no idea.  He's out there when it comes to things he says.  He believes that aids is a man-made disease. I don't believe that he uses his mind much.
 I agree.  He's out there. lol  He says weird things but then he'll go and do something nice like the one time he gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at one of his concerts.
 He's very different.  Sometimes I think he says crazy things just to get publicity.  He once did an SNL skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows.  Were you a fan of Michael Jackson?
 He was out there too.  Jackson wanted to build a 50 foot robot of himself to roam the Nevada desert. lol
 Yes!  He even wrote a song for the Simpsons called "Do the Bartman".  Jackson was a massive Simpsons fan.
 Neat!  I didn't know that.  Are you a Van Halen fan?  Eddie Van Halen played the guitar solo on Michael Jackson's hit "Beat it" and did it free of charge as a favor.
 I have a soft spot for muscle cars from the 60's and 70's.  I was surprised to find out though today that the first patent for a car was issued in 1886 to Karl Benz.  I had no idea they were being developed that early.
 I agree!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 You have a great weekend too!
 Agree with you 100%. If you need practice driving play the video game gran turismo because it seems to be very realistic. Great chatting with you as well. Enjoy this glorious day!
 I have no idea but there is a website with free radio dramas. Nice chatting with you.
 That is a good reason. It is also kind of nice that Jim Carrey is no longer doing dramas because he only wants to portray positivity.
 That is a great point. I like good stories. Like how Jon Hamm taught at his old school and ended up teaching Erin from the Office.
 How interesting. Well I had a great time chatting and learning about movies with you.
 lol,  I was thinking the same thing!! The candy was made in Pennsylvania too!
 Yes if you unfriend 10 people then they would send a coupon to your phone, and also it would send a message to each of those people that you unfriended and tell them that they were worth only one-tenth of a Whopper to you LOL
 I agree it's scary too. It was good chatting with you as well!
 that is weird, you'd think astronauts would all be scientists, I love the scientist that invented the internet back in 1989, what a great guy!
 we are all grateful to him for sure. nice chat
 that is pretty wild, I do know that you can burn almost 200 calories watching a horror movie, he must have burned that many watching bambi haha
 ya, what I do like about amazon is that they deliver on sundays, thats come in handy for me a lot, they have a special deal with usps apparently
 I love reading - I do it every night before I go to bed!  It requires creativity and I love it
 hello.how are you?
 Yes. I just started watching Sherlock on Netflix. Its not bad
 No. I have never seen that one either. I am more of a mystery or sci-fi fan.
 Mine's Fruit of the Loom.  I am deeply grateful for whoever invented the t-shirt.  It was invented in 1904 for guys like me that are sewing impaired. 
 Yeah, I've never played polo in mine.  Thanks and keep the faith.  You were great!
 Hahaha he is so funny. Nice chatting with you
 I'm sure they thought it was a lot of money then! Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.
 Kind of strange. Kind of like Iceland! Iceland are rewriting their constitution via facebook; allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.
 Yep! Cause that was where Zuckerberg was! Facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg suffers from red-green colorblindness.
 Crazy stuff! According to radiometric dating and other sources of evidence, Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago. Can you imagine the cycles the earth has been though!
 I love to read, it requires so much from the brain, creativity and critical analysis, it is cerebral exercice. 
 When I have to money, I like to shop for clothes. I am not a pilgrim. 
 It would cost more since they cannot get away with black and white pictures anymore. 
 No, but there is a store that sells clothes from unclaimed bagages, I am sure there are nice clothes there.  
 Well, you have to travel to Alabama for it, and if you lose your baggage, it could end up  also there, it is win-win situation. 
 For sure. Well, it was great talking to you. Have a good day!
 Speaking of acts of kindness, a guy that's Scottish has a homemade giraffe costume that he dresses in and does kind acts.
 Yeah that's what I thought as well.  Anyways, it's been nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day!
 not really. Whats he into now.
 Im sure as the ceo of Tesla. he probably is under a lot of stress. 
 Well maybe he is just a jerk then. 
 Did you know that the Tesla model s runs linux software.
 So he is probably not really hurting for money. Lol.
 True. Tesla actually helped develop the 2nd gen rav 4ev that toyota produces.
 Seems like that relationship is backwards to me.
 All I know is that he is one of the wealthiest men on earth. Speaking of, did you know that the earth will soon be helium free. 
 We will have to find something else to keep birthday balloons in the air.
 You should take that to your local congressman. Have a good one.
 Crazy. I loved that show. The crew really dressed them in appropriate costumes.
 Have you watched Firefly? One of the best shows that only got one season, they used costumes left over from Starship Troopers, another of my favorite guilty pleasures. 
 Binge it, it's awesome. You can't go wrong with a space western!  The writing is superb and the actors all really mesh well.
 That is surprising. Thanks for chatting!! 
 I agree with you on that!   Michael Jordan is the GOAT in my mind.I still remember when the Air Jordans were banned in the NBA and Jordan wore them anyway, because Nike didn't mind paying that fine.
 That's awesome, I've done it a few times, but I think I'm much better at video games. Lol
 Yes.  When I heard about it, it did not surprise me.
 Yes, I'm a registered user.  Apparently Psy's gangnam style got so many views on YouTube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.  Wasn't that amazing?
 You are probably right.  Apparently the content on YouTube is also uploaded by media corporations such as BBC, CBS, etc.  It's getting late.  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a good night.
 Hi! Do you like snakes? I used to have one. They are ectothermic so need a heating lamp.
 Yeah there you go! Even though crocodiles look like snakes they are more related to birds.
 Yea exactly. The Dark side of the moon is for sure one of my favorite albums, hard to believe it was released 40 years ago! Nice talking with you have a good day!
 Yes, that's a classic. Plus it gave us Dr. Dre.
 Yeah. How many bankruptcies has he had. I wouldn't be surprised if a Frenchman scammed him into buying the Eiffel tower.
 He probably thinks they're windows. I wonder if the thinks the Geneva Conventions are some get togethers in Wisconsin.
 Maybe they thought the WH was as immortal as a Jellyfish. 
 Sounds fishy. The black swallower doesn't even need a neck to eat something twice its length.
 Man. Get those things some Blue Apron meals. They sound out of control.
 Good for you! Great speaking with you.
 They say that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France. I guess they liked the design.
 I guess so! The white house has solar panels which is pretty cool. 
 Who, the White House? LOL
 LOL. That is really sad if it wasn't so funny.
 I work from home. I'm an artist.
 No idea! I guess it's just a bunch of empty space for them to have? Who know! It's been nice chatting with you, Have a great day!
 Hahaha well there you go. It was nice chatting with you. Have a good one
 Hello - no I am not. I actually had a snake as a pet growing up. What about you?
 I do, I love going to concerts, live music just inspires me
 That's pretty cool. 
 Good talking to you!
 Yes I'm on Facebook. Do you happen to know when was their website first got launched?
 Oh I see. So it was at first limited to just Harvard students. Correct!
 I agree. Youtube in fact is the 2nd largest search engine on the net.
 I think it's ok but they are a little biased.
 Probably because they are in 86 countries worldwide.  Strength in numbers might help tip the scale?
 Did you know that the gaming website IGN is owned by Fox corp., who also owns Fox news?
 I think that would have been something that would have worked.  Sometimes we binge watch the Simpsons in the winter time.  
 I didn't know that.  I wonder why they did that?
 I see that Richard Nixon was one of them!
 Hahaha That's funny.  Speaking of funny...are you a fan of comedies?
 I have.  I used to love that goofy cornball comedy they did.
 They must have had some good competition that year from Friends, Frasier, and Seinfeld.  Do you like Bill Murray?
 I loved him in those movies as well as others like Caddyshack, Meatballs, etc.  I've never seen Kung Fu Hustle which he thinks is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.  I've had fun chatting with you!
 I do!  I had the original one that could display 54 colors.
 You're right.  The way technology has come a long I'm surprised the Nintendo lasted that lone.  It's been a pleasure!  Have a good day!
 I haven't seen his work either. But he sounds very talented. I'll have to watch the movie The Great Santini, I think my dad liked it
 I would totally watch it! I also think it's cool that Michael Jackson has a patent on the lean device that he uses to do the extreme lean, I think he should be the only one who ever used it though
 Yes, Fox news channel is watched by more people in the nation.
 The channel was created by Rupert Murdoch. Murdoch is the current executive chairman and Suzanne scott is CEO.
 Yes,  The game website ign is own by fox news corporation.
 The nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in Japan.
 Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and make the audience happy and forget the worries. 
 Some time Jim carrey movie are funny and intelligent.
 I'm doing great! Of course I love entertainment! Did you know there's a circus that performs for people with special needs?
 Wow I didn't know that. Makes me happy to hear that though. 
 Definitely. But we still have roots in the past. Like how that circus I mentioned has changed so much culturally but still uses horses. In particular one with a name honoring Frank Sinatra haha.
 Well, the Earth is the third planet from the sun.
 True.    What is the core of the earth made from?
 That is pretty amazing.    A lot of friends of mine use the library for free music and video viewing.
 Yeah so handy. Nice chatting with you
 yeah me either... it's very hard to find one these days!   Would of loved to have done one of those touch tours!
 The greatest showman... and yes it's an amazing movie!  Circus's are so great for autistic kids too!
 They are bringing the circus closer to the kids to help them with their sensory issues.  And the parents get something out of it too.
 it's cool how Dalmatians would calm the horses 
 Yes. You would think otherwise. 
 did you see that fact about hiccups?
 that hiccups are a carry over from when animals had both gills and lungs
 hahaaa... yeah!  Don't think anyone really likes hiccups!
 yeah i have!  See clint eastwood is allergic to horses?
 yeah they are!  Unless your riding it to school!  LOL
 wow, I had no idea. I hope to own a farm one day, with horses, so I guess i'll have to get a dalmatian too.
 Yes. It can be great for humans. Just like comedy. 3 rd rock from the sun was a good series.
 Sad.  That's surely nothing to dance to.
 I agree with you.  I wonder who has to pay for the 4 pairs of pointe shoes that ballet dancers go through in 1 week?
 I do read a lot but I tend to read autobiographies and historical books that have to do with certain areas, people, or events.
 That's interesting,  and sadly you're right.  I love libraries.  Saved me a ton of money through the years.  I never understood why people would rent dvds when you get them for free from a library to watch.  Also, I could never afford all the books I ever wanted to read so the library was a Godsend for me.  Plus, I lived in a rural area for the 90's and up until 2012.  I had nothing else but the library in my little town.  In fact, we just had a library, post office, school, and a small restaurant that was only open for breakfast.
 Yes!  Love going through old book stores.  Loved it when they were everywhere.  There's not one now within an hour from where I live.  That is neat about Michael Jackson.  I always thought that was natural skill. lol  The rapper Tupac once danced ballet in high school when he landed a role in the Nutcracker.
 Interesting about the babies but I can see it.  Jumping back to libraries the Sacramento public library started a library of things where you can check out things like sewing machines and other items that patrons may find useful but don't need to own long term.  What a novel idea!
 Wow.  That sounds kind of scary!  That's Earth's natural satellite!
 I agree!  It's amazing to think about.  If Earth's entire history was viewed in a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.  We only represent a tiny amount of the Earths history.
 Scary to think about it.  I have to get running.  Nice chatting with you. I enjoyed it.  Have a great night!
 Yeah I bet and they managed to get them back out there. Nice chat :)
 I don't have a favorite poet, but am fascinated with Aristotle's Poetics which uses speech in rhetoric, drama, song and comedy. It becomes very entertaining when they stylize it like that.
 Yeah, it came from the poem dvergatal. nice chat
 A little here and there.  Donald Glover got his rapper name Childish Gambino from an online Wu-Tang Clan name generator.
 I didn't know that.  Interesting!
 Neat.  There is a deaf rapper named Signmark who rhymes in sign language!
 I like that ...lol throwing compliments.  Jason Paige the singer of the Pokemon theme is also the rapper on "Black and White" by Michael Jackson.
 Do you know who the fastest rapper is?
 Noclue is his name.  lol He can rap at a rate of 14.1 syllables per second.
 lol  McDonalds payed rappers $5 for every time they referenced Big Macs in songs. Never heard that before.
 Haha That would have been funny.  Do you have any favorite album facts?
 yes I do, Two twins in released a rap album when they turned 100 years old, that happened in Japan.
 How cool is that!  Led Zeppelin decided not to title their fourth album to confuse the hated rock press. lol
 Aerosmith made more money from Guitar Hero than any album.  Whoa!  It was fun for sure!
 Have a good one!
 I do not really know them. Nice chatting with you,
 I love that form of literature using aesthetic and rhytmic qualities of language to evoke meaning!  Roses are red...
 Yeah, and Cookie Monster too!  "C is for cookie, that's good enough for me.."  Did you know that there's a poem that, when read forward is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring??
 Very creative, with hidden significance! Like the Hobbit. Did you know that almost all the characters names come from an Icelandic poem entitled, dvergatal?
 $9 for The Raven.
 Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindromic poem, but he got a Comedy Central special out of it...
 Sure a set of 100-year-old Japanese twins recently recorded a rap album that is turning heads... You?
 Yeah. Dark Side of the Moon is always a good listen. in fact, after 40 years since it's release, it was still a top selling album of 2014!  Stands up to the test of time!
 Can you hum a few bars?  I can't place it...Is it anything like NWA's "Straight Outta Compton?
 Yeah. The first album to go Platinum without support of a major tour or airplay.  I prefer Korean rap music, like the freestyle form known as, Compliment Battle"
 No, but I heard that Busta Rhymes voiced one of the characters. Nice chatting with you!
 No I didn't, that's awesome! He must be happy since he became the 1st player in NBA history reach 30,000 points!
 Yep, I am from Iowa! he has broken several top chart records too
 Ohhh, yep Ottumwa is 2 hours from Des Moines. We always went there to do any decent shopping lol or go to the airport. Yep, Drake University is well known. And I didn't know Drake is from Canada...
 We have Tom Arnold and Radar O' Reilly but that's it. We are a small town. But we did hear about Drake visiting Drake University.
 I am not sure. Yeah, we are well known by the older generations about Radar O'Reilly from being in MASH years ago. But we love the NBA and LeBron!
 That's awesome! Another great NBA player!
 Yes you do! It was great chatting!!!!
 Nice chatting with you. Have a Happy New Year! 
 Happy new year!!!
 Have a good night! 
 Bye!!!
 I'm glad the ACLU got NJ to reverse its ban.
 That was some pretty awesome looking hair. Well, Pixar did take three years studying curly hair physics.
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. Plus they have garaunteed contracts, which the NFL does not have...
 Have you heard reggie miller tell the story about sheryl miller's big night? he told it a few months back on the dan patrick show
 He was happy and proud he scored 40. His sister scored 105 and stole his thunder.
 yeah. I actually think he played with david west! He did not need to shoot grannys tyle though.
 No. You will see hime in space jom 2 though!
 Wow, that's crazy. Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, that's true.  Neatly enough, I'm told they were first banned when introduced, but Mike wore them anyway!  
 Nike had enough money to pay the fine after each game I guess
 Hey, you have a great one as well!
 Yea I here hes at the new orleans jazz festival on may 6!
 That would be a good show. Do you like Jazz? I am a fan and would love to go to that!
 I did not know that. He has won multiple grammys too!
 I hope he doesn't have to run in those shoes! He will not win any races.... He does like first edition books though. I wish I had a few of those titles.
 Imagine racing someone wearing those shoes!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah good point I definitely have to have alcohol to dance. I like to dance because it has both aesthetic and symbolic value!
 Maybe it's because Drake was in it! He also owns a pair of shoes that weigh a hundred pounds. It was great chatting with you as well!
 Yes I like Pink Floyd very much as well. I like all kinds of music. I also like rap and hip-hop once in a while. The straight out of Compton album was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or major tour. Pretty big accomplishment.
 Yeah that seems very odd to me. Must be a Canadian thing. There is a university called Drake University and he actually stopped by in the middle of the night to visit with the students.
 From the vantage point of my recliner--not as a player, I used to play at the YMCA, where basketball was invented, but I got hit in the face with a basketball and my love for playing the game diminished. 
 Especially during March Madness. 
 I wonder if Shaq ever played there? now he is one tall black! Althiough he never was very good at shooting the long ball, scoring just once from the 3-point line his entire career.
 I hear Ruth Bader Ginsberg can jam it and hang from the rim. She sure is hanging in the there.
 Yeah, but finding the ball there is challenging... You know the US military has over 200 golf courses? I wonder what they first think of when someone says they are going to the shooting range?
 Nice. That would work well while filming in the US, which has more golf courses that the rest of the world combined, but where does he play wen they film in Africa?
 Well, the Sahara has a nice sand tamp... In Austratia, there is a golf course with bull sharks living in their water hazard. "Hey honey, could get the ball out of the water for me?
 Yeah. My grandfather gave me a metal-plated bible to carry around with me when I visit Chicago. He said he used it in WWII to shield his heart from flying shrapnel, which is pretty common as you walk the streets of Chicano these days.
 wow that is amazing. it was nice chatting with you
 Yes he plays it smart. Nice chatting with you
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Yeah, my parents told me all about that  :) crazy ;)  all the bacteria flying around people talking in real life ! ;) lol
 That I actually knew :) he is the smartest rocker :) just like Dolph Lundgren is the smartest actor :)
 I agree... he could be selling those and give the money to charity... or me :) lol
 I'm not surprised... their music has the strength to move planets... 
 Right. :Sorry for not graduating Mo,. but here is a house for you." Today, Facebook makes most of it's money from advertisements, and screwiing with elections. LOL
 My dog had a MtSpace page. Maybe you were Myspace friends... Apparently my dog did not help them earn enough money to afford to write a check for $75 million..
 The German Shepherd dog lobby is strong in Germany. But this does not explain how the Loch Ness monster was granted status as s protected species. Although there are a lot of monsters in politics.
 All polititians are animals. 20 quantrillion animal species on earth, and most of them live in my back yard.
 I have a cat named, "Spot" because she has a white spot on her face, but she is far from domesticated. Must be another holdover from evolution, like hiccups.
 Right. Another evolutionary quandry...is the guitarist from the band, "Muse" who hols the record for smashing more guitars while on tour than anyone else. 
 It's definitely silly but physicists say it's the best way to shoot the ball lol so I think players should use it just because they are getting paid so much they can afford to look silly
 Yep he just has to hold out until age 55 and then he's going to get 32 million dollars, I think that should solve all his money problems lol
 I know a bit, I definitely know how useful it can be. It carries so much information from resources and services to documents, applications, mail, and file sharing. So useful.
 Yes I bet Robin Williams has been in that room since he was the first celebrity to do voice performance in animated films!
 It was good chatting with you too!
 Nice, it is a good genre. Nice chat
 I can picture him going out on the court in a goatee, sunglasses, and a French beret. He'd fit right in when the Warriors move to San Francisco!
 Yeah and they adopted a baby pig, who does that lol, just get a dog I dont know.
 I'll have to do that too - thank you! Well, it was good chatting with you. 
 Thanks!
 I see. I like the Warriors. I also like the Pistons because I live in Michigan
 The Warriors have had a ton of talent and have been to the Finals in the past three seasons.
 Cool, and this year they had the best net rating in the NBA.
 I know who she is and I'm reading up on her.  The first fan hit by a puck at the Florida Panthers current arena was a 5 year old Ariana Grande!
 lol I remember that.  At 10 years old she co-founded a youth singing group named "Kids who Care" and they performed for charitable events.
 I didn't know she was Italian!  You're right too!  Her son "Dangerous Woman" is an anthem to female empowerment and was written by 3 men.
 I agree.  Do you use the internet a lot? I'm connected constantly it seems like.
 No I haven't lol What is that?
 Same here! lol  Do you know what they call the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites?
 Yes!  I never heard that before today. lol  Constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addition measurable in the brain.  I can believe that!
 That's incredible.  There is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.  Crazy where you can get the internet now.
 Hahah .. Yes I don remember them.  The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.  How exactly would the whole thing burn down?  lol
 How interesting!  I've had a good time chatting with you and I hope you have a great day!
 Hi! Yes I do, I'm a huge basketball fan. And yourself?
 I was! It's definitely interesting that one team is outside the U.S. Have you followed what Denver has been doing at all?
 I'm sure it was worth it for them too! The Warriors have been dominant recently, it's nice to see them do good with a foundation that protects families from mosquito borne diseases.
 Ah, who is your favorite player on the warriors. Mine is Steph Curry.
 Ah yes, that was in  Akron Ohio right? I should go visit that place sometime.
 Really? I never knew that! Steph Curry also donates three mosquito nets to Africa for every three pointer he makes!
 I agree, although that is also very generous of Steph Curry.
 Haha, anyways, thank you for that chat!
 Yeah, you too!
 Yeah she was. Do you listen to her music or buy her albums? I own a few.
 Yeah, and then you can instantly upload your picture onto facebook!
 Yeah, those three horizontal ones.
 You too, have a nice day!
 That's an odd thing to be allergic to. When you mentioned the Warriors earlier, I really admire Steph Curry because he works with an organization that donates mosquito nets to protect families from dangerous mosquitoes in Africa for every 3 point shots he makes, 3 nets are donated.
 Hi how are you? Do you like watching the NBA? I like it because it is considered the premier basketball league in the world.
 Yes Looking cool is important.  Reggie Miller tried but kept failing - he was always overshadowed by his older sister in high school.
 Wow that must have been a competitive upbringing! Tim Duncan was smart though and stayed in college to finish it out despite being offered more money in the NBA.
 Man this great jazz song just came on the radio - made in New Orleans.  Are you a fan?
 Oh heck yeah. I lived in New orleans and loved jazz. Developed from roots in blues and ragtime it is a very cool and unique sound.
 Thats awesome. Clint Eastwood is a fan too. makes me like him even more. Have a great day :)
 Well, I must say that I've had a horrific time chatting with you, and burned thousands of calories. More entertaining than watching Netflix, and much less bandwidth. Stay scared and scary!
 Can't complain about burning calories while sitting!
 Doing great how bout you.
 I do. Did you know it originated from celtic music.
 Who is she.
 I am reading that she is a 15 year old singer/songwritter. She is bringing a new philosophy to country music, a younger one. 
 Thats cool. A different perspective than when we thought an nfl country album was a good idea huh  
 Did you read about U2 opening for themselves dressed in disguises in 1987? They came on as a country band.
 I heard about that. Im surprised nobody noticed to be honest with you.
 I am sure no one really paid attention and was just waiting for U2 like "Who are these guys wasting our time?"
 Probably so. Whenever I have went to counrty concerts I always enjoyed the acts that came on before the main singer.
 Me too! I feel like they try harder so they can get their big break!
 Did you know that taylor swift actually walks backwards to avoid being photographed.
 Yeah I dont see the problem with getting a picture taken. She makes enough money to put up with that annoyance.
 I understand wanting some privacy. Go back to your families 11 acre tree farm for a visit if you need to get away.
 Not sure what you mean by that. 
 They have a land dispute for the gaza strip... Nice chatting with you!
 That for sure! Did you see her at the Macy's Thanksgiving parade?
 That's right. She has been called "a little superstar" by her peers.
 That would be so cool. Tegan was part of Radio Disney. I bet she met a lot of really cool people.
 That's a really big name in country. Tegan has been compared to another big name in country music. She is often compared to Taylor Swift.
 I'm a big fan of country music, but was surprised when I found out the Fender Stratocaster was intended for country music. I think of other genres for this instrument first.
 Country music is the most popular genre played in rush hour. That's gotta be something for the working class!
 Yes, music for the masses!
 haha me too. nice chat
 HAHA! Yeah, I did notice those lil guys in different places than I left them.
 Oh wow, that is hilarious!! I totally believe it!!! Good catch!.
 Hey great chatting with you!
 Wow. Never got to see them as they were before my times. I've seen Pearl Jam cover I believe in miracles many times though.
 I feel like they don't make music like they used to. Despite being released over 40 years ago, Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums.
 I still play it all the time. I have an original pressing copy. LP's are great.
 It really is. Some artist leave us too young. Thank goodness we always have the music. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun new information today.
 Have a great day. I love talking music anytime.
 Keep enjoying music and be sure to see your favorite band in a Roman amphitheater!
 Haha yes I love Groundhog Day. It's a Perfect Blend between a comedy and a drama actually. I would recommend seeing Kung Fu Hustle, I actually did like it, I also like the movie Rushmore, Bill Murray's in that too
 Yes it's in the state of Michigan actually. I live in Michigan and I've been there LOL. I don't think it's that cool, the only thing is they don't allow cars on the island, all they use are horses and horse buggies
 Hi, are you a japanese prosecutor?
 HA! Good. They are keeping the man down.. What about celebrity... do you follow that?
 I follow some celebrities.  Not the reality show people.  I do not like that people can be considered famous just for being spoiled rich people
 Me too! I love pixar too. Toy story is one of my favorite movies!
 It is a great one.  Toy Story 4 is coming soon and should be a good one
 I actually heard that today. I did not know toy story 3 had any loose ends. I am happy they will be tying them up though.
 They also want to be sure to make millions more dollars
 I believe so.  Would not be much of a movie without Tom Hanks and Tim Allen in it
 Agreed. I always like trying to figure out who the voice actors are.
 Wow. That's strange. Nice chatting with you!
 I think they are pretty amazing and have great projects
 You too!
 He was probably also in the movie Madagascar.  Did you know that the movie had a running joke of hiding celebrity names in the dialogue?
 True.  Do you watch YouTube videos?  Another celebrity that makes a lot of money is Jenna Marble.  She makes $346,827 annually from her channel.  
 Really?  Had no clue.  Another video I watched was how Monaco eliminated income tax in 1869 because of the revenue of the casino was sufficient to sustain the government.  
 Yeah that is so sad. It was nice chatting with you.
 Oh, I like him!! He was good in Harry and the Hendersons! My kids would watch that movie over and over! Yeah, 3rd Rock won a Golden Globe i 1997.
 Yeah, it did Friends and Frasier too! I liked all those shows.
 lol, yes! oh gosh, he's so funny! So was the kung fu hustle! 
 Really, I didn't know it was hollow? Very true. Just looking at Steven Martin use to make me laugh back in the day! I think he does alot of writing now! Good chat!!
 That is true. That was a popular show and hugh laurie was paid so much because of it, something like $700 000 per episode.
 Seems he does not like to take on roles that do not project positivity. 
 I guess I can respect that, keeping a positive attitude is a great thing to do, I like a bit of drama in my life personally, thats why I listen to drama radio shows, I find them facinating.
 Well, if you like radio drama there is a website where you can listen to them for free. Do not know the name though. 
 Nice. Speaking of drama, Michael Caine became an actor just so he could sit with all the pretty girls in drama class.
 It is movie comedies like Harold and Kuman, Hangover, where there is a bromance amongst the main characters
 Yes thank you you too! And I actually do like Kung Fu Hustle but it's definitely not the "Supreme achievement of the Modern Age" haha
 It would be nice to find out. It might be a hidden fact, just like there is a whole subculture dedicated to finding hidden Mickey's in all things Disney
 I have not. But I do like all things Disney. I like that the movie Wall-E was a tip of the hat to Walter Elias Disney.
 Well thanks for chatting with me. I have learned so many new and interesting things!
 Keep enjoying Disney movies!
 Im doing well. Im a HUGE Disney fan. I love everything about it. How about you? 
 Oh, how sweet!  Now I'm going to have to call my son and tell him. We loved that movie. Sometimes I feel like I'm on the phone all day.
 Yes, I am sure ! And since a rotary was slow they had to find a way to make a call quick.
 smart thinking on their part!
 Yes it was. So I guess if I stay off my phone a donation is made by UNICEF to donate clean water to kids in need. One minute=one day of clean water.
 that seems doable! Especially since its for such a good cause. I think I could do that
 I think I could too! It was fun chatting today! Have a good day!
 Haha no reason at all. Yet they have a cult following somehow. Do you have a favorite celeb?
 I heard about that. I'm a huge fan of Lebron too since I like the Lakers.
 That's an interesting point you bring up. I definitely think the younger generation follow celebs more than government officials but I hope that changes - need more activism about the youth
 The only Fake News I hear is the President's tweets. I wonder if it's related to Area 51 at all. That is something I have always been so interested in. 
 Wow that is crazy. Did you ever read any comic books growing up?
 Wow I didn't know that at all. I love all the marvel comics. Have you seen any of those movies?
 I really hope so. He created such an amazing culture. I can't wait for the new Avengers movie
 Wow that's super interesting. I never knew that. I have some personal bias against MSU since I went to Michigan but that's a cool thing about the school. It was great talking to you man! Super engaging conversation. 
 Same to you.  Excelsior!
 Indeed!
 No, I do not read comics, but I do enjoy the characters and stories that make it to the movie screen. And it is more than just seeing celebrities in costume. The plots and stories are engaging. How about you?
 Yeah. And didn't Stan Lee write for both of them? 
 I heard he ends every phone call with the word, "excelsior."  I want to end every text message with the word, "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!"
 Yeah. Judge Judy alone earns $123k per episode, second only to Lebron James for paid celebrities. I prefer the good old days when celebrities were just working class actors, like Jimmy Stewart.
 She is a gem. She was the first celeb to do a cameo on Sesame Street. Nowadays, celebs have different priorities.
 We can be thankful of the work he left behind for us, like his voice performance in Aladdin! He was one of the first celebs to do a voice for disney animations, and today you can hardly find a Disney animation without a celeb voce.
 Yeah, I want to do that. Then I would know that I have truly arrived!  The closest I will probably get is watching the Ethiopian TV Chef and hear about his combat against hunger...
 He should run for government office!  The closest I will get to government office is to be sold the Eiffel Tower by someone impersonating a government official...
 When the government is involved, we are all suckers. Did you know that the federal gov owns 86% of Nevada? Really?  The worlds biggest sandbox, and we get a piece of that?  Good move fed...
 All those climbers need that cell service so that they can post their selfies after they reach the peak!
 Queen is very good. I think my favorite is Linkin Park. 
 Wow that's a lot of people. Well, it was great talking to you!
 I do. I love Gangnam style best.
 Absolutely!  With posts by CBS, BBC, Vevo, and even Hulu, there's always something to watch, even if you don't like personal clips.
 Pleasure talking to you.
 I think I have.  it has morphed over the years from being rap heavy to an eclectic playlist.
 I will have to look that up.  I'm a big music fan.  Led Zeppelin decided not to title their fourth album to confuse the rock press. lol
 I remember MMmmmbop. lol  That's a funny story.  AC/DC has 21 songs with the word "rock" in the title!
 That is funny
 Ohio is the only state to have an official rock song - "Hang on Sloopy"
 That's a lot of members!  The grammy awards were invented to counter the exploding popularity of rock n roll in the 1950's.
 lol I never played it.  It came after my video game days. lol  That's interesting!  Termites eat through wood two times faster when listening to rock music. 
 Yikes!  I might have that too.  Astronauts on the international space station have faster internet than most Americans do at home!
 Nice!  I'll have to take a selfie when I get to the top!  lol
 I believe that!  Everyone in Finland has the right to an internet connection.
 I'm not sure.  lol  In 2001, neopets was the fourth most trafficked website on the internet!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Maybe they would like Fortnite; you can choose different parts of choreography from the game's item shop.
 Yes, from experience.  It's a natural thing. I guess some pro athletes and fans like to play Fortnite; particularly, some soccer fans.
 Yeah that is too bad. Nice chat :)
 Yes something like that. Did you know Tupac danced ballet in high school?
 I agree. How about Bruce Lee too, He won a dance championship in Hong Kong back in the 50s.
 There would be no wars! Did you know Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net?
 You and me both on that one. I would even watch Justin Bieber's "Baby" which is the most disliked video on Youtube.
 I sure do. I really like Tupac. His music is in the library of congress of"cultural significance."
 One of my favorite uses of rap is when a Michigan Judge delivered her ruling in rap. It was a suit filed against Eminem.
 Yeah, probably all those things you listed.
 Yes! He voiced the Reptar Wagon! Everyone is into rap, even babies!
 Yeah! You know, before he became a rapper, his real dream was to be a comic book artist? 
 Oh yeah! Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without airplay or a tour. I'm gonna go throw it on the record player now. Have a good night!
 So what is your favorite album, or do you have one?  One of mine is Dark Side of the Moon which is over 40 years old and still selling.
 That's cool.  My favorite is Michael Jackson's Thriller album, I'm sure it'll still be selling just as well when it hits 40 years old.
 I still have some old 33s vinyls of some albums, they got phased out by CD and MP3 of course.
 Yeah, them old vinyls were the best.  Love all the clicks, and pops, and white noise.  Sound is too sterile, nowadays.
 I agree there is something better in the analog format, even a rap album by two identical twins from Japan who turned 100 years old will sound better to my ears.
 Sure, it was pretty groundbreaking.  I do like what some Koreans have invented, instead of a rap battle its a compliment battle, trying to make the other person feel good, I like that.
 Yes I do, it is amazing how far it has come since DJ Hollywood in Harlem.
 Agree, thanks for the chat.
 Crazy. Great chatting with you as well. 
 Its hard work but its worth it, my kids drive me nuts at times but then the love I feel for them grows with time and wouldnt imagine my life without them. 
 Much of modern life is spent worrying about the future and not enjoying the present.
 I very much agree lol
 But i believe cars allow us to travel and enjoy our time i think the technology that doesnt allow us to enjoy the present is out phones that are constantly distracting us from our surroundings
 Yup I drive a 2011 lexus suv what about you
 It is definitely an awesome car newer hyundais and kias have awesome warranty and quality control they are basically on par with honda when it comes to reliability on all there newer vehicles after 2013
 We can definitely agree that Hyundais and Kia's are more reliable then american cars lol
 Yes the technology is very new but i think with elon musk's blue print in 20 years it will be near perfect
 You're awesome my friend have a great day
 hey how are you? wow didn't know that I bet that's better than the Ryan Reynolds green lantern, this says Pixar has a secret room visited by celebrities, I bet jack black has been there
 ya it would, this says robin williams started the celebrity performing voices in animated film trend
 haha I did see that, I don't know it doesn't look too promising to me, what do you think?
 haha no, no one will beat robin williams at that role, I wonder how much will smith will get paid, probably more than judge judy who makes 123000 per episode, even though that is already a lot
 ha it is! I want to see this ethiopian chef who believes he can combat his country's hunger problems with more diverse food, I don't know how many different ways you can eat NOTHING
 did you see police officers have their own youtube called blutube , I want to see what kind of stuff is on there
 ya true, but I wonder if they have analogs of similar videos, like do they have a version of Justin biebers baby on there? Is it also the most disliked video on there like it is on YouTube
 haha ya its nowhere near bad enough to deserve being the most disliked video.
 haha I agree, its crazy that the video to make YouTube upgrade their view count integer to 64 bits was gangnam style, and not anything else, like that was the video that did it of all the videos possible haha
 did you know comedy central cancelled over 100 shows since 1989? I don't have cable so I don't watch it anymore but I remember they always cancelled shows I liked
 I like comedies, its actually my favorite genre so thats why Game Night was a perfect pick for me, what about you?
 That's great! Thanks!
 Hello,  do you watch Game of Thrones?
 Same!  I still cant believe this is the last season,  but I am glad this story will come to an end.  I wonder what spin off they will do,  I would like to see a series on the Tagaryen line. 
 well thats lucky! have you heard of the show game of lions? it follows a pack of lions as they live in the wild haha, probably lots of killing haha
 I want some right now! they should make a show like game of thrones but call it game of fast food, where fast food companies battle! but if you've seen Demolition Man then you already know that Taco Bell wins the franchise wars!
 lol...well yes that too sounds interesting. although there will be a prequel being fillmed after the show. Sure it will get even more awards Game of thrones has already gotten
 yeah found out out awhile ago. so interesting. I lke how that show boost the economies of places they film in. Happened in Ireland with all the tourist visiting  
 agreed. he reminds me of the great shakespeare. works that take on many different meanings
 yea I heard it was jessica and Olivia...and fun random fact,my name was invented by him to....its Portia :)
 Interesting, that they evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees but still have that weakness about the rib cage.
 Have a good day.
 yeah unfortunately. nice chat
 It's amazing how well dogs have become a part of the human experience isn't it?
 I agree. I treat my dog like a family member, she even sleeps with me, and when she wants something, she can make her wishes known with no problem.
 Yea I think that dogs basically talk with us but they just don't speak our language
 Yes. Mine points with her nose at the treat box when she wants a dog bone. She's on a diet now because I tend to give her whatever she wants. My human traits I guess.
 hahah, I think there are also companies that will give you diet instructions for your doggy!
 Yes, I am afraid of all of those animals and also was thinking of that song :)
 Yes, same to you!
 Hello! Do you like snakes?
 That is very interesting! Apparently there are no snakes in New zealand! I had no idea!
 Yeah, they have to be pretty creative to squeeze everything in there! Monkeys are also afraid of snakes, like some humans!
 Yeah, I definitely prefer snakes on the ground! Speaking of creepy animals, the blackwater fish can eat prey twice it's length and ten times its weight. I hope that fish is small... 
 Lol, someday they might rule the world! Hopefully it's not the zebra fish that kill us off, they have counterparts of 84 percent genes known to be associated with human diseases! 
 I've always wondered how fish drink, but ive never taken the time to google it. Saltwater fish drink through their mouths! 
 I wonder which one they prefer...Sea horses are the only fish to have a neck! 
 I wonder what criteria goes in to deciding if something is a snake or a lizard, especially when they don't have any legs!
 That's interesting, 
 Sorry about that, accidentally hit send! That's cool, considering they look nothing like birds! I wonder if there are legless lizards in New zealand...
 Interesting! Seems like chickens got the short end of the stick! It was a good chat!
 Hi!  I do like dramas.  I always loved watching House starring Hugh Laurie.  He earned $700,000 per episode making him the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama.
 I agree!  Did you ever watch Mad Men starring Jon Hamm?
 That is true and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, who played Erin from the Office.
 Wow!! That is very interesting. Are you a fan of Michael Caine?
 I'm a fan of his!
 I don't think I ever heard that story.  Do you know by any chance?
 What a funny story!  Do you like fish?  I've been reading about them lately.
 I found out that a black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times it's weight.  Crazy!
 I would have to believe that one.  Freshwater fish drink through their skin via osmosis, while saltwater fish drink through their mouths.  Interesting fact.
 I need to find their secret out!  lol
 I wonder what it is as well. Anyways, it was very nice chatting with you!!! I hope you have a great evening!! Thanks
 I just saw that there are no snakes in New Zealand!  Interesting and yes!  It was fun!
 Me too!  Have a good night!
 Do you like snakes? I see a fair number of them where I live.
 I assume there was a negative reaction to bringing him to school, LOL? 
 They were probably sorry they didn't just let you keep the python.
 I got a kick out of the ferrets at the pet store. They were all sleeping lying across one another like kittens, only they were so long and thin they looked like strands of spaghetti.
 Sounds like you've had bad luck with pets. I inherited a feral cat colony when my mom died, and got them all spayed and neutered and moved them onto my place. They're really a lot of fun.
 You too!
 wow thats crazy! but that sounds good to me right now we have freezing rain over here!
 A planet is a astronomical body. Which is the part of the milkyway  galaxy.
 It is very interesting! Reading is a complex process of decoding symbols derive it correct meaning.
 Reading is one of my favorite things. It's so much fun and I can learn from it too.
 Amazing! It keep our brain active. It also good exercise and it develop the creativity power of the brain.
 J.K. Rowling is my favourite harry potter is my favourite novel.
 I really enjoy the Harry Potter books too! It was such a creative and entertaining thing to read.
 Very interesting! Jupiter is one of my favorite planets! only 5 planets are visible to the naked eye!
 Exactly my thought too. I read that about Uranus one day, I love researching the planets. Google has a lot of info.
 I know it's crazy, I was reading how Google maps tracks traffic and they do it by how fast android devices are moving along the roads.
 Sorry, up above goofed text....I love reading! I love many genre's of books but mostly drama or non fiction, and yes mystery is great! I have heard Ender's game is read by the military...I need to read that one.
 I see.  I was so happy the Cub won the world series eventually
 That world series was one of the best so far
 happy holiday
 Oh nice. nice chat.
 Hello!  Yes.  I've played it from time to time since I was a kid.  I even have played the McDonalds monopoly game.
 Whoa!  Too long for me!  Monopoloy was oringally intended to be a teaching tool about the injustices of capitalism.  Never knew that.
 lol yes.  Nicolas Cage convinced Johnny Depp to pursue acting while playing a game of Monopoly!
 haha  I didn't now that!  I was surprised to find out is find out it was created in 1903.
 I like classic Ford Mustangs from the 60's.  Now I wish I could also have a Cadillac.
 I believe it ws Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac - the same guy who was the founder of Detroit.
 I didn't know it was then.  Why did they put them in at that time?
 Yes.  In the old days cars would carry wooden trunks on the back of them...hence the name trunks!
 Ha yes, I like Aerosmith too
 they sound like Led Zeppelin, I really like them 
 i don't know, i buy most of my music on itunes
 I like going to concerts. What are those 4 concerts that are playing in the Washington area?
 I love listening to Blake Sheldon, Drake and Cold Play. How about you?
 Its been great chatting with you as well. Thanks
 Very cool. I'll have to come up and visit some time. Been wanting to check out Niagara Falls on the Canadian side.
 Good talking to you!
 Right?! I'd have to  take it a bit slower, like the mini-golf course at the brewery in Baltimore. Beer and mini golf sounds like a solid plan.
 Wow I didn't know that, Kim Jong Il is another guy who apparently loves golf so much that he has his employees lie about his skills lol. 
 True. I'd like to travel to see the Alexander Hamilton exhibit at the National Postal Museum. That sounds fascinating.
 He sure it. Nice chatting with you
 I don't really watch boxing, but i understand the appeal. Anyway, great chat! Have a good night!
 Yeah Howard posts but Gortat not so much. Lebron James is one of the best players and he led the Cavs to their first championship in 2016.
 Especially with his home town of Akron.I recall when people were talking about him in high school, the school made a mint from that.
 Yeah agreed. But Curry doesn't have a space jam contract like Bron!
 There must be some other players involved?  Dwight Howard maybe, especially as he is so old and over the hill.  So old, in fact, he might have to resort to the granny shot.
 haha I would love to see that. It's got the physicist seal of approval as the best technique!
 Yeah they are too cool for school. Iverson probably doesn't care because he is getting paid by Reebok. Well it was nice talking bball with you. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 They are one of the best teams, for sure.  
 Hey, if it scored the points, I'd do it regardless of whether it looked stupid or not! Lol
 That's cool.  I hear that Warner Brothers and Lebron James have signed a deal for a " Space Jam" sequel.  
 I love mission impossible and mr.Bean movies. Because the movies are very interesting.
 Yes, he is a great player, for sure.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to get to work.  Talk to you later, friend.
 That's really cool! I've seen Space Jam and I think there's gonna be a sequel with LeBron. That would be cool for kids to see.
 No, I don't really watch golf or participate in the sport.  I do think the courses are beautiful though.
 That is true, it's not something that I realized.  I think that it's still a good thing to have as both a sport and a form of exercise.
 True, I was surprised that he was allowed to put a clause in his film contract that would allow him to play twice a week during production.
 That was another surprising thing that I didn't realize.  I guess it makes sense because he was both an athlete and played outdoors a lot.
 I thought that was a lot of water that is used per day.  I guess that's one of the downsides of the game.  
 I guess that a probable explanation.  I guess that is one of the drawbacks of the game.
 Yeah. It's funny when people dance after they get a whole in one. Dance is cool because it has aesthetic and symbolic value.
 Dance does have a lot of positive values.  It can also be fun and a form of exercise.
 That would be pretty expensive I would think!  I think it's amazing that babies spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat.  
 I think it's funny that Bruce Lee won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958.  I bet he was pretty good!  I also thought it interesting that Michael Jackson had a patent on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in his dance moves.  
 I like Golden State. They're based in Oakland but they should make a transition to SF soon.
 Me too. I appreciate what he can do so much. I think his detractors do not know what they are seeing when he plays. So talented.
 Yeah, I think his interest in Hollywood is one of the reasons he went to LA to play basketball.
 Yeah, he has the ability to bet on hiimself and have it pay off. Reebok has really gone down hill too...
 Shaq was encouraged to shoot that way and responded "It does not play to my constituency."
 Nice chatting with you!
 I agree! And he has changed the game with his production company. He will leave his imprint on the game, for sure!
 HA! I think some people are so petty. I love it! He did go back though and win them a championship.
 As long as he is not a cheerleader for the saints...
 I agree. Nice chatting with you!
 ya I liked the original! lebron is a cool guy he gave away  6 million dollars to a charity actually
 I've herad of him yes, I guess he is a famous player but was constantly dogged by his sister because she wsa relaly good at basketball too!
 Yeah they have quite the history by now. Nice chatting with you
 hello
 yes sure, do you like Marcin Gortat?
 i think yes. Tuesday night after the Game 2 loss, Brooks alluded to the possible change by responding to a question about Scott's success in the backup center role. what is your opinion?
 me too...Gortat has been the one constant in the Wizards' starting lineup over the past two seasons under Brooks, not missing a single opening tip. so let's see what will happen next
 Lebron for sure, and what about coach? Coach Steve Kerr?
 yes, Ahead of Game 1, Johnson chose to combat the Warriors' strengths by sitting Dampier in place of the 6-8 Devean George, what do you think?
 yes, what about The National Basketball Association?
 National Basketball Association has 30 great teams. One of the 4 major professional sports leagues in America.
 Also The NBA is an active member of USA Basketball (USAB), which is recognized by FIBA (also known as the International Basketball Federation) as the national governing body for basketball in the United States, do you agree?
 definitely agree with you. Did you know thatReggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records? 
 And do you like air jordans? I adore them
 cool. I like them too lol. considered the best basketball player in the world and regarded by some as the greatest player of all time, James' accomplishments are extensive and include four NBA Most Valuable Player Awards, I adore Lebron, my most favorite player ever
 I can tell he is persistent and I admire that quality so much!! 13 nominations.
 I guess winning Is not that important for him, on the other hand some people had won many awards like Eminem, he has won more than many famous actors awards combined! 
 Yes , he is talented. Someone who has achieved a lot is Daniel  Day Lewis, 3 times best actor. I remember " Mi Left foot".. awesome performance.
 Hi,I love sports and movies
 That is a good question.  Because it was not design by someone named Oscar, but by George Stanley
 There are 24 awards for artistic and technical categories! I love the ones about makeup ,how actors and actresses are transformed
 Cool!! did you know about the special award for Snow White in 1938?
 They did a special oscar with seven mini statues and one regular size, I think that is pretty cute
 hahaha do you know how many statues have been awarded?
 That is crazy, or George Lucas' wife, she won and Oscar for Star Wars in 1977 and he did not!
 It is a big accomplishment! specially now that this is seen in 200 countries
 Good chat!
 Hello, did you know that LeBron James is making a sequel to Space Jam? I wonder if Michael Jordan will be in this one too.
 That's true. I like Steph Curry better anyway. I love that he partnered with a foundation to donate mosquito nets.
 He partners with a lot of charities. I find it funny that the granny style of shooting is considered the best technique to score.
 Same here, have a good one.
 Not really a fan, but I am in North East Ohio, so a Cavs jersey might work for me.
 I'm sure Damarious Randall was grateful to Curry, had the Cavs won he would have had to but a lot of jerseys.
 You too, I'm going to go and retweet that message for a free jersey, even if it is too late.
 Yeah I hope so. Just as long as he doesn't get injured. He also signed a deal for the space jam sequel.
 Yes I would guess so. He even made $6 million by televising the decision. But he donated that to charity.
 You too!
 Hi do you like basketball?
 I like it, there are really good players! Like Le Bron James
 Really? Wow no wonder why he is considered best player in the world.
 He was young but he had vision, even in high school people would pay between $100 to $200 to watch him
 He seems wise and he earns even more than judge Judy who earns $123,000 each episode
 About Nike, they did pay a fine for Jordan for wearing banned air jordan shoes!
 Allen Inverson did have a nice contract with Reebok. 800,000 per year until age 55 and then $32,000,000 in a lump sum, not bad.
 Looks that they had made some changes and have new energy!
 About shooting style it is proved that granny style is the most effective but it is the least liked by players
 Ok, It has been nice chatting with you ,have a nice day
 I do. I really like it. Do you like the NBA?
 It was just basketball players showing off what they can do with a skills challenge, 3 point contest and dunk contest. It was entertaining to watch.
 Yep I heard that they're really expensive. Did you know that the NBA actually fined Michael Jordan for wearing those shoes? Nike just ended up paying the fine for him and so he kept wearing them LOL definitely that's good marketing
 I did see the original it's awesome! I can't wait for the sequel, I'm so happy he'll be in it. I wonder if Michael Jordan will have the Cameo too haha
 Yeah I like LeBron, he's pretty nice guy too it seems, it looks like he raised about 6 million dollars for a charity? I mean not all celebrities would do something like that
 I agree. He was smart to turn the $10M offer from Reebok down. Seems to be a smart business man too!
 Yeah right ? I know it look silly but I would LOVE to see some of those big dudes score some points granny style ;) that would go on Facebook ! :)
 Hah! Did you know Air Jordan's were initially banned by the NBA but Jordan just wore them anyway?
 it sure is ! It's nice to have a company like Nike to pay fines for You ;)
 Mosquito nets huh ? :) Well I'm glad he gave back some of those 800,000 a month ;) lol 
 Good evening to you.
 A little bit. Not as much as I used to though. How bout you.
 Yeah there are a few good ones at least. 
 Yeah I believe the Raptors play in Toronto Canada
 I would say it is probably steph curry. He seems lke he has ice in his veins.
 Im not sure. I liked the first Spcae Jam though.
 Yeah that was pretty good of him. Even if the decision broke clevelands heart
 Thats just crazy. I guess he was supposed to be the next MJ even back in high school though.
 Oh that does it buddy. We cant be friends. Lol. Just playing but no way Lebron is better thaan MJ.
 I think Allen Iverson could take both of them 1 0n 1 though.
 Yeah he did good on that one. Set himself for life with that deal. Have a good one . 
 I'm doing well and you? 
 There are a lot of teams to choose from! There's a total of 30 teams, 29 in the USA and 1 in Canada.
 Something tells me there's no chance an NBA player would want to use that method because they would think it would look stupid!
 Yeah! No kidding! 
 Yes, yes, yes, now I remember. Too funny! Well, it was good chatting with you today!
 Preaching to us about no borders or a wall but live in gated communities surrounded by walls
 Blazing Saddles was nominated for 3 oscars? That movie would never make it past the social justice thought police now.
 LOL, that is too funny! awards for everyone who's anyone
 Yes. I read about it too.  It's an interesting fact.  Anyway, I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Hey there yes I like the NBA. Hard to keep track of all 30 teams though.
 Nice sounds like a good stadium. Yes curry is a real good guy. He works with a foundation that donates mosquito nets to protect families in Africa for each three-pointer he makes three nets get donated.
 I use to shoot that way when I was a kid but my brother refused to let me keep doing it and he showed me the "proper' technique
 Yeah apparently she might have even been better than him.  I think it is admirable that Tim Duncan of the spurs sacrificed going directly to the NBA and finished college instead
 Warner bros. signed a new deal with him to make a "
 no I am not sure but i'm sure if it stars him it will be popular
 Yeah, well I have to get going. It was nice chatting with you!
 Hello are you a facebook fan?
 I use it a little.  Mainly to stay in touch with people.  Burger King once ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people you would get a free whopper.  I would have taken that offer.  lol
 Right?  lol  Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for 75 million in early 2005.  Big mistake for Myspace.
 I wonder why it is?  I also have wondered why Facebook is so blue in color.
 Same here.  I watch a lot of entreprenear, business inspirational videos (like Gary Vaynerchuk), concerts, and sports videos.
 That doesn't surprise me.  Together with Netflix they make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 I do.  It got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits!
 It was good talking to you.
 Hi there!  I know that it was running at the Kennedy Center where there huge lines outside to get to the box office.
 You got it!  He's brought in over $8.5 billion in worldwide film earnings.  That's a lot of cash!
 I did.  "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time.
 I can't imagine.  Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after that movie was a failure.  I don't know what they were thinking.  Their animated movies are what makes Disney what it is.
 lol  Surprisingly there is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest.  Crazy they can get that there and where I live I have a hard time picking it up sometimes!
 I have no idea.  I know that at one point the demand on the system had over 70,000 users on it!
 Oh my gosh.  I can't believe it.  I think that show had a 14 week run at the Opera house.
 That would be awesome to go there.  I guess they had a virtual waiting room that was meant to control the traffic to the website.
 Yeah, I heard he has over 8 billion in film earnings, also like Disney movies.
 How cool would it be to call someone from the top of Mt. Everest, my fingers would probably frost though.
 Yeah I don't use FB that much anymore either. Apparently Burger King had a promotion where you unfriend 10 people on facebook and you get a free whopper. I would definitely do that!
 Oh, that's easy, it looks silly.  No REAL man is going to shoot baskets like that.  LOL.  :)  Although I think it'd be kind of funny to see someone like Shaq try it though.. hehe.
 You know, it's interesting, Spurs star Tim Duncan actually went to college instead of going straight to the NBA.  They say he sacrificed money for that, but I think it's a good idea.  I mean, something can happen to your body, but education is forever.
 Another neat fact, Air Jordan's were banned when they were first introduced but Jordan was like, "Yeah, I'm wearing them anyway..." because Nike would pick up the tab for all the fines he kept incurring.  I bet seeing the exposure was worth more than whatever the fine cost them!  LOL
 Well, they got them beat in the "ice and snow" department I think.  LOL.  You know they say they used to have one shared penalty box.  Even I could tell you that's a bad idea! They had to change that because players would continue to fight there...
 You should, the are really good. Nice chatting with you :)
 It was good talking to you!
 LOL. Did you join them in the dance haha. I wonder how many times the police watch their version of YouTube. It's called blutube
 hello?
 I am glad you chose to talk about jazz! My family is related to curtis fuller and all my extended family plays piano, my family specifically strings no piano though.
 Yes! It is very lively music. Have you ever listened to ragtime music from the south? 
 Yes, I have. After visiting New Orleans, music is everywhere!! Great place to visit!! I love to have jazz on during the day, very uplifting!!
 I would have to agree. New Orleans is a place everyone should visit just once in their life. Do you enjoy Hockey? Have you ever watched a Red Wings game? 
 That is a very impressive work out! Ah the tampa bay hockey team, y'all won by own pt last game against my hometown team red wings. Did you know hockey pucks are frozen before each game?
 Yes, makes sense!! Its somewhat more enjoyable than the football games, although I love football too! Much cooler!! lol
 The first hockey pucks were made out of frozen cow poop lol. I am not a big fan of football, though I went to one lions game at pontiac's old stadium. What other topics are we supposed to talk about?
 Not anymore. I played on a travel team when I was in my teens, though my short height basically promised me that really wouldn't go anywhere serious. I worked security a few years back at "the palace" of auburn hills and saw and met a lot of the piston players. What is your favorite team?
 I use to go the Orlando Magic alot!!  All sports are exciting when you go to the events with the atmosphere!!
 True. It is very interesting that NIKE picked up the fine for Michael Jordan anytime he wore the air jordans on course, I wonder why the NBA banned them in the first place,. 
 I find that very amusing lol
 I think its funny too, the players won't do it even though it usually works because it looks stupid!! Ha, ha, ha. I have used it at times when playing for fun!!
 yes it really does work! got to love that laws of physics
 Right! Talk about securing your retirement fund. I am going to click done now :) have a good day
 Good chat!! Enjoy the Jazz!!
 Thank you! Enjoy, everything? :-)
 It's hard to say. Maybe that's why Pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities.
 I like Robin Williams but I'm not sure that we need celebrities to appear in kids' shows. Robin Williams was a voice in Aladdin. Aladdin was the first film to start the trend of having celebrities voice characters.
 I did not know he voiced cartoon characters. It was nice chatting!
 Nice chatting with you!
 You as well! Bye.
 Yes! I really hope people can catch up and get the great practical skills they need to get and keep jobs even with AI.
 Thank, you too! Hope we keep our jobs haha
 Thank you, have a good one.
 He was perfect as Aladdin! I cannot imagine anyone else as Aladdin's voice! 
 That my new friend is a fascinating story. He is a humble amateur astronomer that managed to locate a satellite lost by NASA for over a decade.
 As an experienced amateur astronomer, he used radio equipment to scan the stars hours upon hours. He was initially looking for a spy satellite, but what he found was even better!
 That is amazing. Even though many people no longer use radio, it is fascinating how it is still being used and kept alive. For instance there are websites you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas.
 Im doing great. How about you?
 I love country music. My favorite is garth brooks.
 Yeah you would think there would be more huh. Did you know that George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins.
 No he did it for his fear over the urban decajazz music as he called it.dense of 
 I believe it is the most popular genre in the US. The strender stratocaster was actually designed for country music.
 Thats true. Did you know that U@ used to open for themselves posing as a country band named the dalton brothers.
 They really are. Speaking of good album dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling in 2014
 I could see that being really interesting. I would love to listen to an old recording of War of the worlds. 
 How cool would that be to have a radio set up purely for hearing those storms? It is amazing what people can do with the simplest of things. 
 I love how everything is connected and we can know so much about that past. Like just by using stars we can find out the real events of the odyssey!
 I think it could be because of the minerals, some minerals have more magnetism than others, I don't know, I studied Chemistry a long time ago. It could be that. Perhaps in that part of the Earth, since the mantle, it has less magnetic particles. Well, I don't think you are old enough in order to know about the 45 and 78 rpm records.
 hahaha, is because we had the best music, lol, no, I like more like the 70's and 80's, I am old but not that old, lol. I remember those records, if they stay long enough under the Sun, you were going to be mad.
 Wow, that is another very interesting fact.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Thanks for all the fun chatting too.
 It is, she had some horrible luck.  Glad to know that this pregnancy is sticking for her thought!
 She did.  She has a wonderful heart. That she is willing to look at adoption and helping charitable organizations.
 I am of some of it.  Being Irish I love the Celtic influences.
 That is awesome.  I am not sure i have ever heard any Celtic songs.
 It is beautiful.  So many different genres of music, I am a fan of many of them.  Used to collect vinyl. See that is coming back in "fad".
 Haha yes, my friends always try to get me into it, but I just can't bring myself to play. But I will probably play one day haha. But yes Samuel Jackson loves Golf and actually puts it in his contract that he can play twice a week
 I guess it looks like a hamburger? top and bottom line would be a bun, and I guess the middle line would be the Patty LOL? I don't know but it makes me hungry
 Love it, astronomy, the study of phenomena outside Earth's atmosphere, is fascinating. 
 I was happy to hear something positive coming out of Iran. We always hear just the bad.
 I definitely won the country lottery when I was born in the US>
 Yes, it was. Oh happy holidays and it was great chatting with you.
 Merry Christmas!
 Course, you want to talk comedy, you gotta go back to SHakespeare.  His stuff originated a lot of the words and tropes we see today..
 Hey, you too! Hoep the weather is okay where you're at!
 Yeah, then we'll get to enjoy flowers and leaves and all sorts of wonderful things!  :)
 I watched Comedy Central very rarely in all honesty. Charlie Chaplin movies were very funny indeed.
 I will. Thank you so much for chatting with me, it was fun. Bye!!
 I can't say that I've heard of him.  lol  
 Yes!  I've never seen that movie I'm going to have to check it out.  Do you know who Ryan Stiles is?
 I was going to ask you who he was.  I like comedies but boy I need to get caught up with who is who.  lol  I did like 3rd Rock from the Sun back in the day.  I see it won the Golden Globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 Oh!  I love those kinds of movies then! hahaha  Are you also a fan of dramas?
 I am a fan.  I used to watch House a lot, which starred Hugh Laurie,  and Mad Men, which starred Jon Hamm.
 I saw that.  He got paid $700,000 per episode.  I can't even imagine what that would be like.
 I know!  Must have had a lot of ad revenue to support those wages.  Do you know why Michael Caine became an actor?  It's kind of funny....
 I heard it was because all the pretty girls at his high school were in drama class. Smart man.
 Yes!  That's hilarious!  It's been nice chatting with you!
 I've heard she's also the youngest winner on the show and the judges all wanted her. She must be very talented
 People with that much talent and confidence at a young age are very rare. Many think she'll be a game changer when it comes to the success of the winners on the show
 I think it helps that she was coached by Kelly Clarkson though, despite it being Kelly's first season as a coach. She's been through a similar process before and seen success
 Some of the past winners have some quality music, but I think may have high expectations for this winner
 Hi! Are you a fan of Lady Gaga? I think it was sweet of Elton John to select her to be his son's godmother!
 Wow! I'd like to see that show now! I bet it was great! You know, I think it's hilarious the LAPD asked her to tweet out to her millions of followers about roadwork information coming up. Ha!
 I do! I love to listen to it on the radio! But sometimes, I also like to break out the old AM radio and listen to those Jupiter radio storms. They are amazing to hear!
 Yeah and something else that's fun to listen to is this website that has thousands of classic radio dramas for no charge! I highly recommend it! And I do know who Billy Murray is and am a huge fan! What about you?
 Is that so? I'd like to go back and watch it just to see if I recognize his voice, then! Sounds a lot more interesting than listening to that Finnish station that broadcasts Nuntii Latini which is a weekly news programme conducted in all latin. Yikes! Ha! Well it was great chatting with you! Have a great day, friend!
 I do, I enjoy watching the Voice. I was excited that Brynn Cartelli won. She's so talented especially for being 15. 
 It looks like they are also targeting revenge porn or other faked images since their rules have been updated.
 Great chatting with you!
 It's funny that the first comment on reddit was a complain that it was going downhill, but that it is still going. Maybe see you there one day, or maybe not.
 It is known as a culinary destination. When it first opened the market was surrounded by warehouses.
 Probably the hipsters and the upscale crowd to be cool haha. A lot of new restaurants and cafes have popped up in the neighborhood though there is still a bit of the warehouse feel around it.
 both! I had a nintendo growing up, I still like to play Nintendo
 yea i maybe use my netflix once a month. i cant be one of these binge people.
 i like all of that. i hear the flash is worth it. i do enjoy anime.
 I also loved one punch man. There is a season two coming out, although it will not be made by the original madhouse studios.
 That right there is how every single tech giant today started. Take google, or facebook. They were all ideas.
 Yes, although some did start in a small apartment as well.
 i was going to use it on other people... like a supervillian.
 Well, first of all you would need a villan-y laugh. Good luck trying to take over the world with a bunch of invisible waves.
 i'll broadcast it over a super successful netflix and youtube show.
 Lol, good luck getting that to work. Maybe throw up a huge speaker into space and blast your sound from there.
 Good idea. Anyways, nice chatting with you! Have a nice day and good luck taking over the world! I'll be rooting for you.
 Yeah those sure do.  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 Its great talking to you as well,
 Things have certainly changed!     Do you know much about Shania Twain?
 Shania Twain then married the ex-husband of that same friend.     Friends and Lovers and all that, I guess.
 Too true.    Not only all that, but Depp is related to Queen Elizabeth of England!
 He does great work with the kids. He doesn't have to make time, but he does. That's great! Thanks for the chat! Have a good evening!
 Loved that book. The other is Ender's Game. Another classic.
 Just had to be different than the rest!
 Sounds nice. I want to get my kids a telescope but we live in the woods and don't get a lot of open area to view the stars and planets. Any thoughts?
 Thanks. I think I will invest in something for them. What is something in the reading to the left that you found interesting?
 I presume it kind of tumbles. I never thought I'd say a planet was cute but that is adorable.
 Yeah, and she suffered through extreme poverty and abuse years ago too. But, as she sings, "Man, {she) feels like a woman."
 No, but I can detect the same propensity for "kissing the blarney stone" is each art form. Twain was recently chronicalled in a series called, "The Price of Fame" which also looked at stars like Johnny Dep and others.  
 That is where he must have learned that  British accent he had in Pirates of the Caribean!  
 Really! And yet he still has time to put on a costume and tickle audiences with performances like Edward Scissorhands, where his memorable role only required him to utter 196 words.
 I would have like to have seen the two in the same movie together! I was not a big fan of Dep's performance in Willy WOnka, but I am too emotionally connected to the Gene Wilder version of the movie. I guess that is also why Wilder refused to watch the 2005 remake, because he feared disappointment.
 Yeah, and he wasn't wearing a strange costume or anything!  Did you hear he may be dressing up as Dr. Suess for a movie?
 I did not. I wonder what movie that's for? I did hear that he always carries his Jack Sparrow costume so that he can visit children't hospitals dressed up as the character at any point. That's a very nice thing to do. 
 Really? That is so cool! I think he has been nominated for like three Academy Awards, but he has had so many memorable roles, you would think he might have more honors.
 Oh, nice.  Doesn't he drive weird cars?  Maybe he has one of those cars legal in SOuth Africa that is equipped with a flamethrower! Hey, nice chatting with you! Bye Bye!
 Apparently no other suspects are being sought after. 
 Hi! Are you a sports fan?
 Same here.  I have a friend who is a fan of Associate football. Have you heard of it?
 Yeah, Americans use the slang term, soccer. I wonder where it came from?
 Yeah. Most soccer is played with two teams, but there is a version played with three that I would love to see!
 Really!  I am winded from adjusting my seat cushion... I hear Jon Stewart was an accomplished player.
 He must have quite a leg on him to kick the butts of an entire nation!  Another noteworthy player is German Mezut Ozil, who donated winning from the Olympics to help Brazilian children. 
 Nice!  Basketball is a highly regarded sport. So high, in fact, that the Supreme Court has a basketball court on top of their building.
 What other reason is there?  LOL  Have you heard of the New Zealand Basketball team named the Tall Blacks? 
 In B-ball, it's about what you can do that matters.  James Naismith, the inventor of basketball learned that lesson. He was the only coach in the history of the University of Kansas to ever have a losing record!
 Another one of league's surprising facts. Like, did you know that actor Clint Eastwood, king of the spaghetti western, developed an allergy to horses?
 Yeah!  Well, I'll leave you with this factoid: On "no vehicles to school day" two students rode their horses and were suspended. Since when is a horse considered a vehicle?  Nice chatting with you!
 Hey, it was great chatting with you as well.  You have a good afternoon!
 Wheaton Hills sounds like a nice community. I hope that kind of genuine community will be coming back because of Peak Oil and relocalization.
 Not until just now. Do you like horses? Interesting how it took so many thousands of years for humans to domesticate them in the Old World, but Native Americans did it so quickly after Europeans let them escape into the wild.
 I loved the spaghetti westerns he did with Leone.
 I've been on a horse once, LOL. Nice chatting with you!
 It was nice to read that a bystander stepped in an prevented more people from losing their life.
 Squirrelly men wear skinny jeans.  Skinny jeans can cause nerve damage
 Lol.  Too funny.  They are soo goofy looking.  Vans, north face, nautica, jansport, timberland, lee jeans, wrangler... are all owned by the same company
 Yes I have a old cadillac that was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe
 lol. I do love the 1908 Model T. I wish I had the original 
 All of my button down shirts are my favorite 
 Do you wear jeans ? I love my Levi's, but I also love my true religion jeans .
 I know.  There are cat cafes in japan where you can pay to play with cats!  I am happy my local brewery just an adorable beautiful brewery kitten I can play with for free!
 I think they rather already do!  I am a servant to mine!
 Yeah, I know. Nice chat.
 There's talent everywhere, I guess! Haha. A physicist was published listing his cat as a coauthor, so they have a large range of skills!
 Yes I think so. I won't understand why Canada requires 40% of all Canadian radio to be of Canadian origin though, that doesn't leave a lot of room for others
 Yea that's good for the American team.
 I think so too. It would be very fun to watch.
 Thanks you too!
 I never have but hope to one day. 
 Me neither, but it seems a nice city, the National Mall in spring is filled with cherry trees in bloom. 
 I've seen pictures.  Yes it does look beautiful.  I wonder if they have any goldfish in any of those water fountains there?  lol  The oldest goldfish lived to be 43 years old!
 You and me both!  Since jellyfish are 98% water, they evaporate in the sun!
 haha  There was a koi fish named Hanako that lived for 226 years!
 Fish can be useful for research, the illnesses that can affect the zebrafish also affect humans. 
 Interesting!  There is a species of fish that lives on land all its adult life.  Have no idea what it's called though.  lol
 That might be it.  There is a fish called the barreleye fish that has a transparent head.  Do you like dogs?
 Yes I like dogs, but I don't have one. They are smart they understand pointing. 
 That's neat!  Some dogs in Moscow have learned to use the subway!
 That is smart of them, in Istanbul you can donate empty water bottles and they feed stray dogs with the money. 
 That's a good idea!  Dogs drink with the underside of their tongues.  So, that is perfect for them.
 They might!  If they can learn over a 1000 words and can reason better than chimps, then they might have the ability to learn how to!  Do you like to dance?
 Nice!  I didn't know he was a dancer.  The first moonwalk ever recorded was performed by tap dancer Bill Bailey in 1955!  It's been fun chatting!
 Martial arts are likes dances, but with more physical contact. Have a nice day. 
 I do like the newest reboot of Spiderman, I feel like they finally got back to having a young actor who doesn't seem to be a tailor made super hero. Michael Keaton was also excellent in that film.
 I did not see that movie either although co-workers have given it rave reviews. I don't see a lot of movies in the theaters these days.
 My favorite team is the Eagles, I can't be too upset since they won it last year.
 I didn't know that either about them.  Yes.  I do fish a lot I actually live right on a lake.
 That's interesting.  Have you ever seen a black swallower fish?  I'm not familiar with them but they can eat prey that is twice the length of their bodies and 10 times their own weight.  Yikes.
 Isn't that crazy?  Freshwater fish only drink through their skin via osmosis, while saltwater fish drink through their mouths.  That's kind of odd.  I always wondered how a fish drank since they are always in the water. lol
 That is sad.  I was reading about that the other day ironically.  All the plastic in the world eventually makes it's way into the water supplies.  Terrible actually.
 I like dogs. I have a couple of them.  Did you know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing?
 Google is a dog company...they put it their code of conduct that they are a dog company.  lol
 I've heard that, they also do the hunting, herding, pulling loads, military stuff and companionship, truly mans best friend.
 Yes they are!  Did you know that they aren't color blind?  They just can't see as many different colors as humans can.
 Isn't that a cool they do that.  Too bad something like that can't happen here in the states.
 It's been fun! Have a good night!
 Hello do you follow soccer?
 I do a little bit.  Mainly because a friend of mine follows it close.  I know he mentions Manchester United. lol  They call soccer football in other parts of the world other than the US.
 I'm not sure either.  I think Americans call soccer that because it's slang for association football.
 Soccer makes more money than all of the other major sports combined.  That shows how popular it is around the world.
 I know.  There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.  I never heard of that.
 I'm not sure.  I'm definitely going to look it up though.  Jon Stewart once played in college and represented the US at the PanAm games in 1983.  I didn't realize he was that old.
 I didn't either.  Did you ever have an original nintendo system?
 I did too.  The original could only display 54 colors and we thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread. lol  Now looking back it's terrible compared to the systems of today.
 Yes.  lol  They finally stopped making the Nintendo system in Japan in 2003.  I thought they stopped it long before that.
 No doubt.  I remember being excited at the Super Nintento too.  lol  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy he came out around that time.
 I watched him too.  lol  He was discovered by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!  I had no idea.
 Nice!  Well nice talking, hope you have a good day!
 that is a good question, I wish we could regrow things like arms and legs. If Only Humans had adapted and evolved to regrow those things instead of persistent running LOL
 Yes, it is.  I saw that Kim Jong-Un has a physics degree.
 Fine. What about you ? Most of the countries want to lift the trophy of FIFA.
 Its very interesting. United States got 3rd place in the first FIFA world cup in 1930.
 The world first international match was a challenge played in Glasgow in 1872 between Scotland and England but both end in draw.
 Yes, 17 countries have hosted the Football world cup competition. All over the world fans celebrate as a festival. Each every nation wanted to lift the trophy . Fans are more aggressive.
 Sure. Jon stewart was a skilled soccer player and represented the US at the pan american.
 Entertainment is a form of activity that make more comfortable and stress free spending timing.
 Mostly for entertainment people are engage themselves in internet and irritating their eyes and mental focus. Mostly in social media people chat and hearing songs. They are not spending time with friends and family members.
 Thanks - good talking to you!
 Never really watched it to much. Its not nearly as popular here as it is around the world.
 I have just never got into it myself. I do know the womens US team is always good.
 Thats pretty amazing. Now we just need the mens soccer team to do a little better.
 Thats just crazy. Did you hear about the 2022 olympics.
 The city isnt even built yet. 
 No they arent. I would say they will get it done though.
 I think a lot of it is just getting exposure to the world as a vacation destination and a place to do business.
 I dont know that americans would ever want to go there. It just doesnt sound too inviting to me.Lol
 Anyways, did you ever play nintendo.
 I dont know. I think they just keep getting better and better. I loved the super nintendo. That one was awesome.
 I had all those. The super nintendo had this ken griffey jr game. I played that one for hours.
 It is, and it was always fun to try to rescue the princess. Lol.
 I could see raising chickens being entertaining. 
 Well you could always throw food for the chickens when you're stressed. Lol
 Just throw grain. Then you can tell people you are feeding the chickens and how much it calms you down.
 Dude they are chickens.
 Alright well Good conversation. 
 Yes, Mesut Ozil made it possible for 23 kids in Brazil to get needed surgeries. 
 Not at all.  The Women's team has done much better than the men's team for sure.  
 yeah, lucky indeed.  they must have been super bored back then!
 Technology and entertainment have advanced a long way just in the last century.  
 Yeah so interesting how things evolve to suit environments.  Well it's been very nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 And to think I gave away 2 nintendo systems and 1 super nintendo. I'd love to have them now. Such fun games! What was I thinking! I thought they'd be around forever, I guess.
 Right, the last video game system I liked was SNES. I stopped playing once they went 3d
 Haha, it makes me dizzy too! But I am glad we can entertain ourselves with other ways besides making chickens fight.
 Definitely confusing. Might be fun to watch all that confusion! Haha. It's interesting that we call it soccer, since everywhere else it's called football or association football. I guess we do so, because soccer was slang for football way back when.
 When I played soccer with my friends as a kid, I felt that it was pretty easy. I know sometimes it can get hard what with all of the ball stealing and having to get past a goalie, but it was easy enough for me to enjoy. My friends were so good though! Doing all of that fancy footwork. It was a fun experience! I can see why Jon Stewart played soccer. But I had no idea that he did!
 Oh wow! I'll try to give watching soccer a shot but I'm so busy "science-ing" hehe! Hey it was great chatting with you! 
 Are they really? I guess that is believable as I can't think of another fish with a neck. Well, since we're on the subject of animals, are you a dog lover, by chance? I love dogs because they can actually reason better than chimps and also learn over a thousand words! That's amazing!
 Agreed! I also think it's fascinating how some of the dogs over in Moscow have actually learned to use the subway! That is so awesome!
 Have a great day!
 He is great.  I loved Jim Carrey growing up, but he went into a very weird phase.  I was glad to hear is getting away from dramas because he only wants to project positivity.
 Yea, I agree.  Tons of really positive dramas out there.  I wish I took the Michael Caine approach and became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama, haha.
 It is a really gorgeous place.  I think South Korea is not as well known of a tourist attraction because of their neighbors to the north, but it is beautiful. 
 Yup, I am sure!  It was great chatting with you today!
 Anytime!
 Yes, they were trying to.  Nice chatting with you.
 I wonder how they enforce that. Do they knock on people's doors?
 Hi! Do you ever watch soccer?
 You mean football!! Yes I love it.
 I really don't, I just get into it for the World Cup. Fair Weather fan I guess. Haha
 Football (soccer)is the most popular sport in the world played in more than 200 countries. I was in Thailand and they have no idea what american football is, haha
 with 250 million players that is definitely hard to beat 
 I wonder if they count junior players in that 250 million. If they did, then I was one of the count as a kid!
 I am not sure exactly, But it would be fun to watch!
 I had gone to a game last year in The stadium that the Patriots play in. It was a great time.
 Yeah the New England Patriots football team, Their Stadium is also the home of the New England Revolution of Major Soccer League.
 I don't really. Though I really should folow women's soccer more since the AMerican team has never placed below third since 1991.
 Haha, long time ago! I think it's because the best athletes in the U.S. tend to play other sports than soccer. It's not where the money is here.
 Yep, not here though! I've always heard the argument that like what if Lebron James played soccer all his life. Would he be awesome?
 Do you know that extinct dodo birds are actually a subfamily of pigeons?
 Hi , do you like to travel?
 interesting, I had no idea
 that is funny, well i tell you my dream!! i want  to follow King kalakaua's example, you know how? 
 He was a king from Hawaii and he was the first one to travel around the world
 they did prohibit motorized vehicles, mostly yo see horse drawn vehicles
 I never saw it either, talking about dance, did you know Bruce Lee is a great dancer?
 I thought so too, I heard about MJ he patented a device that helped him do the extreme lean! It was nice talking to you
 Not as much as my cell phone but occasional my phone doesn't have service and I will. 
 Super cool. I wish I knew more languages but I need to spend more time studying, I guess. I have wasted my time playing fun games like Donut County. I end up playing for hours because I get involved in the story line.
 I must give that a try then. Nice chatting with you.
 That sounds interesting! Just about as interesting as the fact that we can regrow a rib if we get ours shortened!
 Anything is possible! My wish is to synthesize my own vitamin c like every other plant and animal one day haha.
 You mock me? I am in a desperate situation! Just because you have not communicated with a fish before, you think it absurd? Fish have long been communicating in our underwater environment via acoustic communication. YOur iPhone is indeed primitive, but at least it works under water.
 Will do, my scaly friend. Bon Voyage and best of luck to you! If you do make it out of their safely, HMU sometime. I'd happily make you a delicious Sunion based meal for you and you could eat as much as you'd like. 2, 3, 4, even 5 times your body size and weight if you wanted. Just make sure you finish all your food or else no desert!
 Thank you friend.  Now I must risk it all. I will swim with the current, and try not to succumb to my fears. Not unlike humans have an innate fear of certain sound frequencies, I fear the sound of a toilet whirlpool. Goodbye my friend!
 The internet  is the global system which connect all person in any part of the world.
 Yes. Internet which give rises to more technology like email, search engine and GPS technology. Postal system is vanished.
 Yes. Mainly people uses online website to purchase the the products and some to sell the products. It is very big market for the business.
 Today we are using online money transfer we need not go to bank because the use of the internet. It provide many job opportunity many people. Today simplify we are ordering food in the website because the availability of internet.
 Sometime it create more pollution also. 
 Freshwater fish drink water through skin via osmosis, while salt water fish drink water through mouth.
 Internet required for the medicine field to detect the disease and make surgical very easily.
 It is very interesting. It is biggest revenue resources for the human. People consume the fish as food which is rich in protein and have no fats. 
 Dolphins, are friendly relationship human, and they are called as fisherman friends. They have live in polar region also.
 It was good talking to you!
 Bayer Crop Science and Ohio State University.   Apparently they are a hybrid and a GMO modified root crop.  So, that should make the ant-GMO-ers happy.
 I am not sure but I hope it doesn't turn into the next speed! That movie was good!
 Yeah. I guess that would be a simple supply and demand curve. It would kepe prices high but demand low!
 Depends on what it looks like. My parents, yes. My college couch, HELL NO!
 I think so... But I would feel real guilty about it. What about you?
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah. nice chat
 Yes, it does make for a better movie. I can't remember which Jaws movie had the scene where the shark bit through a power cable, it was a tad cheesey, but it when you consider that cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay right on the ocean floor - I guess it might be plausible that a shark could bite through an electrical cable and fry itself.
 As a male, I feel like I avoid some of those ethical and moral questions. 
 HA! I do not wear ties. My employer is lucky if I wear pants! Just kidding. I am lucky that I get to wear a uniform, khakis and a employer issued polo. I do not have to think about what I wear int he mornings.
 Right now, I am wearing Reeboks, casual. It is nice. Occasionally I wear fancy dress shoes and my feet kill after work.
 Yes hard to believe. Speaking of gym shoes, if they begin to smell you can just throw some teabags in them to spruce them up a bit!
 Exactly I would be curious to know myself. There was a NFL wide receiver who left his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people without shoes.
 I do like to travel. Mackinac island has no cars. That would be nice.
 Yes I think it would be cool to travel by horse drawn carriages or bikes.
 I looked it up on google and that is a really nice area. Million dollar homes and beautiful scenery!
 Wow that sounds very pleasant. I also want to go to Iceland but unfortunately there's no public rail service. It was great to talk to you today.
 Ditto! Have a great day!
 Whats is your favorite pastime  Reading or watching tv shows
 Have read it . I personally like the move too
 They were sponsored by soap manufacturers. Nice chatting with you.
 Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 I love this time of year.  Baseball is just around the corner.  Are you a baseball fan?
 I could believe that. I know my husband used to collect baseball cards. There's a man that found three million dollars worth of 1900's baseball cards in his grandfathers attic.
 Makes me wish I still had all of my cards that I collected as a kid.  It is amazing to see how much cards can be worth sometimes.
 I bet! They really can be valuable. Baseball evolved from older bat and ball games already being played in England by the mid 18th Century. It's been popular for a long time!
 I saw a movie about that. It looks really hard to play, especially with that flat stick. 
 I like pitchers too. I had a cousin that was a good one. It's hard to believe that kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 Yes, they do have a lot of good young players.  Victor Robles is considered one of the best prospects in baseball and they forsee a lot of good things in his future
 Yes, they also have Juan Soto, another outfielder who is considered to be one of the best young hitters to come around in a long time
 I think I've heard of him too. I think he was an outfielder, right?
 I understand, it is a fun sport.  It has been fun talking baseball with you.  Hope you have a good rest of your day!
 Yeah. Nice chat
 maybe pretty girl are the spice of drama. i'm sure MIchael Caine would agree
 Yeah. All positive all the time isn't something to aim for.
 Yeah we need more crossovers...like Eddie Van Halen doing Beat It
 MIchael Jackson was cunning. With Eddie van Halen doing a solo he started getting played on rock stations...and MTV
 Maybe Queen's Brian May? He had brains too...Ph.D in Astrophysics
 That's a question for Pink Floyd. BTW, which ones Pink?
 The eternal question. Which one *is* Pink? They all are. Anyways, I enjoyed chatting, Pink. Have a goodnight.
 One more thing before you go...Eddie Van Halen set the speakers on fire!
 The passion goes through the wires! 
 Take care!
 Hey, those iphones are amazing.  I own one myself.
 you too.
 Are you kidding me? He's one of my favorite authors,The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is my favorite book!!!
 He did? thats amazing, did you also read The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn? also a classic and a great book
 Yeah I agree with that totally. nice chat :)
 You, too. Cheers!
 hey, how are you
 He is classy, this says Humans lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago, maybe being bald means we're both more evolutionarily advanced that most people? haha
 haha I don't know then you wouldn't have to take vitamin c when you got sick, I had the flu recently it was really horrible
 That's ok m8 - Your system is a little bit stronger now ;)
 well my friend it was great talking with you :)
 So like a fertized egg... Grow from nothing into something.
 Well there 20 quintillion animals. Not sure theres that many lawyers...
 They're a holdover from when land animals had gills and lungs. Who knew?
 I think so but regardless, that is a cool thing to do!
 Nice chatting with you!
 They are so much more lovable.  They can do so many things.  Hunting, herding, help our police and military and lately they have helped be therapy animals for people.
 ya thats true, they are the most abundant terrestrial carnivore too, I love that they are mans best friend haha
 I need to start listening to more of it then.  lol  There are so many types  I think I like the old classic Kansas City jazz which is more of hard swinging, bluesy, improvisational style of jazz.
 lol isn't it always about getting the girls?  lol  I believe you're correct as well.  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees so they would be comfortable while playing.
 Oh man really?! That makes so much sense! and then everyone else grew them to try and look cool! I wonder if there's some function to any other aspects of their fashion
 I kind of doubt it.  lol  In Pakistan there is a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts.  Who would have thought that?
 I agree with a lot of drumming.  There is a woman in Harlem who has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 years!
 I bet they do.  Mardi Gras just started down there.  I think yesterday was Fat Tuesday which kicks off Mardi Gras.
 I bet not!  I wonder how many people that live there rent out their rooms to make extra money?  On a different topic....do you like horses?
 That is very interesting. I didn't know that.  I see Clint Eastwood is mentioned again as having developed mid-life allergies to horses.  
 I'm wondering too.  I think the first half of his career was mainly starring in Westerns.  Did you know that Icelandic horses have a fifth speed called tolt, which is basically speedwalking for horses.
 I'm not sure.  Mother nature must know though.  lol  I have to go get ready for work.  Thanks for the chat!
 That is weird and humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 - 3 months of having it surgically shortened.
 No, I don't.  I'm sure there are similarities though in areas.  What about you?
 Hello!  Do you like watching dramas?
 Yes.  $700,000!  I couldn't even imagine what that would be like!  
 LOL Same here.  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any longer because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  That's interesting.
 I'm not sure.  I think it was a few years back.  Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class.  That's funny.
 I was going to say that if you did, there's a website that has thousands of episodes for free.
 Nowhere close.  I think that's the cheetah?  Humans existed in Africa 315,000 years ago.  I doubt a human ran down a cheetah then.  lol
 LOL  That's an interesting tidbit to share at work tomorrow.  It was nice chatting with you!  Have a good day!
 Yes, Jazz is seen by many as Americas classical music.
 Jazz is characterized by swing and blue notes, Jazz has roots in west african cultural and musical expression.
 Jazz began in the early 1910s, combining earlier brass-band marches, french quadrilles.
 Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing
 Yes, The horse has evolved over the past 45 to 55 million years from a small multi-toed creature.
 Dalmatians are associated with firefighters because they would and protect the  horses.
 Yes, They are got suspended from the school.
 Lipizzaner horses, know for their classical dressage performances, are born black or brown and take 6 years completely to turn white.
 Yeah, pretty neat. 
 A little. I get tired of hearing about the $ these guys make...
 What... Are you trying to make me lose my lunch?  Next thing your gonna do is tell me about Iverson's $32 million payout?  Give me a break!
 Some young punk with fancy shoes wins the lottery. Oh, happy day.  Tomorrow, he stands before Judge Judy and cries about how much everybody took from him. Give me a respectable sort, like Tim Duncan. Now there's a guy I can admire.
 Cry me a river. At least she does her work outside of the joint!  What's next? You gonna tell me Jordan has the right to wear any shoes he wants on the court, even if the NBA bans them?  Nobody deserves anything. It's gotta be earned.
 That's right. You don't see Tim Duncan doing that!  He went to college all four years.  He earned himself the right to be at the table. 
 It's at least somewhat of a relief to hear of noble things being done with all the money.  Lebron James raised 6 million dollars for charity.
 How much of it was out of his pocket?  Some guys think they are all that, but need to be humbled. Take big man Reggie Miller.  Jumps in his family car after a game and brags about his 40-point performance. "Oh, ain't I special..."  He needed to hear that news that his sister scored over a hundred that night and broke all kinds of national records.  Humbled to his face...
 Well, I hope LeBron has fun in Space Jam 2. And Warner Bros can maybe donate some cash to the needy. 
 Basketball is my favorite sport to play.  When I watch the games I can relate to the athletes on a personal level because it is my favorite sport.
 Baseball is my favorite sport. And my favorite coach, Billy Mays, had a memorable funeral. The pallbearers all dressed like umpires and escorted him out of the game of life... Brought tears to our eyes.
 Hey, thank you or humoring me and putting up with my rambling!  If I could, I would buy you a button down shirt.  Not one of those cheep collarless ones...a real nice one with a fancy, button-down collar!
 You should get me some business attire for hawaii, an aloha shirt.  I feel both important and like I'm on vacation!
  nice classy one with bright, bold colors that say, "Hello world! I am somebody!"  Can you layer those shirts?
 Yeah, definitely.  Well, it was nice talking.  Have a nice day.
 Hey, you too!  Have a fabulous day, and stay away from Polo shirts. The aren't really for Polo players anyway! It ws designed for tennis players.
 Hi, how are you?
 I really do like him. Do you?
 It is with amy schumer and he is in it. He got really good reviews, not as a basketball player but as an actor!
 He also opened a school in akron, which was probably more than $6M. He's a good dude.
 It might be cheaper than seeing him in the NBA though. Maybe they were playing the long game and saving some money.
 He was really good. ESPN aired his games on Friday night. I always felt bad for the schools he was playing. Some poor boy ended up getting dunked on.
 Yeah. He later signed a $1B deal with nike. A lifetime deal!
 I just saw AI at the sixers game tonight! How ironic. Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah pretty good sum of money to be donating. 
 No I wasn't! Funny though, hey nice chatting with you, I hope you have a good day!
 You should go to Japan! I heard it's awesome, I want to visit the Dutch though. Apparently they're making a bus that can go a hundred sixty miles per hour
 That's great! It's probably good you didn't take them to travel the world, like King Kalakaua of Hawaii, I'm sure they would make more noise at the moment haha
 That's a nice lady. Another nice person is the celebrity chef from Ethiopia, I can respect that he wants the people to try other foods to help combat hunger in that country
 I do watch her sometimes. I know that she makes almost $120,000 per episode, that's awesome! She's so entertaining
 Yeah LeBron is the man haha. How often do you stare into space? the name of the planet Uranus still makes me laugh LOL
 Haha, right. There's also a Chinese New Year Festival at the Smithsonian with CHinese acrobats, opera and more. Sounds neat.
 Haha, I think that would be fun, a unique Valentine's dinner where they pour drinks and serve dinner!
 Must be up there with the Harry Potter movies and those Marvel ones.  I used to love it when I was a kids, saw the first movie five times on the big screen
 I'd like to see David Bowie's band in DC. They are back out on the road.
 Interesting. I'd like it if it was a small crowd in that setting. Well, going to listen to some music now. Enjoy your night!
 Wow, now that is a surprising fact that I am happy to learn. I felt like Pluto was all alone in the universe, unattached to a planet denomination. I feel better there are others out there that share its' pain. Hey even Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun, so who it to says what is and what isn't. 
 Yes, that is true, and why I am a little skeptical of science as a whole. I mean they can literally tell us anything they want and we are expected to believe it. There must be a case where an accepted fact is an outright lie. 
 Fascinating, how do you plan on getting there? Bicycle?
 Gee, it puts what you think of modern day conveniences into prospective. No drive-thru fast food, business logistics must be a nightmare! What do you think you would do if you could visit?
 I would really enjoy going back to Europe. I have been many times but have never checked out the Nordic countries. I've been to Amsterdam a few times. Apparently the Dutch are developing a commuter bus intended to travel 160 mph!
 That sounds great! The cost of maintaining and owning a vehicle is probably insane in Iceland! The country is so beautiful and natural. They are great at utilizing their natural resources. 
 Hi! I don't though I do have respect for it. It's the second highest grossing film series of all time.
 Neat! It was deemed the most successful film merchandising franchise by Guiness World Records.
 It's so popular in 2013, they actually dubbed it Navajo! James Earl Jones does make me thing of that new Lion King movie coming out. Looks fantastic!
 So that's a new lion king movie that's coming back? I like anything with big cats including lion dances. The Smithsonian has an annual Chinese New Year festival with a lion dance and acrobats. I'd love to see it.
 The Freer Gallery of Art which has the Smithsonian's Asian art collection is having a Lunar New Year party which has opera performances and dance, and also some food samples. I'd love to go.
 Yes, I am. I'm Lakers fan from my childhood. And you?
 I don't have really favorite. I'm not sure why, but I see many good players. 
 Do you know who draymond green is?
 Golden State Warriors, right? Yes, I know him
 Omg yes I actually watched a ESPN documentary by billy corben about this exact subject the film is called Broke.
 Oh you're right I remember them they're actually pretty good lol. Do you know which state lebron james is originally from?
 Yes actually he's from Ohio. He is from the city of Cleveland. This is why it was such a big shock when he decided to leave the Cleveland cavaliers. Do you know what was the date of the founding of the NBA?
 I know it was after WW2, but didn't know exact year. I didn't know it was NYC.
 It was with reebok and he's going to continue getting paid until he turns 55, pretty smart business move
 Thats amazing I actually never knew that
 Agreed. Would be like old times. Well have great day!
 I follow the Utah Jazz, they have some decent young guys up and coming but not enough fire power to crack the top 4 in the west. NBA has become a super team league. 
 Yes Giannis thats it! He has a lot of good years ahead of him. It would be nice to see someone other then the Warrior win a title. Although I admire Curry's long ball, I remember watching Reggie Miller and thinking he could shoot, but Curry is so far ahead of anyone else. 
 Well I will route for Milwaukee and Utah to duke it out for 7 games. That would be fun to watch Gobert vs Giannis. Even though there are 30 NBA teams it some times feels like there is really only 5-6.
 Yes they have some great young stars too. I think the East has finally caught up to the west. Boston could be scary good too if they start gelling as a team more. could be a really good playoffs this year.
 Yeah he must be scared of the power in the east now. I need to go check out the standings on ESPN and see where teams are stacking up. 
 Yeah it should be fun to watch, anyways it was fun talking with you, I'll cheer on your Jazz out west to meet my Bucks here in the east. 
 I've heard that Google tries to be really diplomatic with it's maps; if someone complains about a border, the map will be edited.
 Our government needs to step it, maybe, and use Google in outer space. Just kidding! I like how they named Google's headquarters "Googleplex." I like names made up like that!
 Yeah, she makes $123,000 per episode!
 Yeah, they should! Totally important to teach kids about good causes.
 Yes I love Bill.  He makes great comedy films which I enjoy laughing at.
 I love Sitcoms as well.  Seinfeld and Friends are two old classics.
 You too!
 Hi, how are you?
 Nice chatting with you!
 He was really good! I remember when he voiced the Genie in Aladdin. 
 That's pretty interesting. I learned a lot! Thanks for chatting and have a nice night. 
 Yes, I've read that before! Super funny that he was able to convince two different people, that the tower was for sale! I'm impressed by the Norwegian government, that they gave 1 billion to another country to save the rainforest!
 I really admire Lebron, now that I think about it! He was born December 30, 1984. He's a year younger than me, and so much more accomplished!
 You too, Have a great night. Maybe I'll see you on facebook.
 Thats a possibility maybe we are friends already but dont know it, I hope you have a great night too, bye. 
 I am not sure. I really want to listen to that band that is topping charts tho!
 Yeah, anyways, thanks for the chat!
 You too!
 I do! I love bromantic comedies, that's a real genre! Harold and Kumar is an example. Do you like comedy films?
 Yeah, they're not bad to listen to either! Although singing along is always more fun.
 Yes. Soccer makes more money than other sports. It was played in over 200 countries.
 Practice makes them perfect. We are working hard to achieve the excellence. It happens.
 There are various comedy performance like stand-up comedy, television, film, comedy shows in theatre. Which is your favourite ?
 Yes. In ancient Greece comedy shows are used to explain the current political situation to the people. Greece comedy can be described as a dramatic performance.
 3rd rock from the sun was quite a dramtic performance. It beat Friends and Frazier for best comedy in 1997
 The python programming language is named after the British comedy group to make it honour.
 Monty Python. They are hilarious. Bill Murry may be wrong about the whole Kung Fu thing
 Yes. In comedy movie is always have happy ending.
 Yeah..definitely shouldn't end with the fact that 80% of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed. 
 Destroying the forests can cause climate change, global warming. Deforestation also cause large change in the eco-system. Several species animals are lost due to it.
 Yeah. And to think that humans have been here for only 1 minute and 17 seconds, if history were a 24 hour period
 The 71% of earth surface is covered with water and remaining parts are land but only 3% of fresh water is available for drinking.
 Yeah...clean water technology is going to be as profitable as Association Football one day soon
 Yeah. The majority of the Earth's polar region is covered with snow. It is very difficult to live in this place.
 I guess you can't play soccer there. Maybe if Mesut Ozil donates money to shovel it up, but until then...
 Yes. Earth is the only planet has natural satellite which is Moon. Earth has two important function rotation on its own axis and revolution around the sun.
 Interesting Factoid. Well, I must rotate out of here now. Nice chatting.
 Having Target pick up your brand definitely helps!
 I also think people really like the fact that they can try it out for 100 night. You can really relax about the purchase.
 What is also really cool about that is most of the returned mattresses get donated to charity.
 No it seems to be something people are really into I think I would stick to just purchasing a mattress online even if I had never seen or touched it before it is worth the risk.
 Oh dogs do love to walk also I just found out did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing. That is just so interesting to me
 They do so much for us beyond just companionship and shouldn't be a surprise to know people consider them man's best friend!
 Well there is such a vast range of information how could you not get addicted
 Good point.  Well I need to walk the dog, thanks for the chat.
 I have but not recently. Did you know that they would price match amazon?
 Quite interesting, I didn't know that they had such a long origin, dating back to 1902.
 Let's switch gears. How much do oyu know about the internet?
 Yes, have you seen those three bar buttons on apps and such? Do you know what they are called?
 It's used usually for extra options or settings, but it's called the hamburger button. I guess because it kind of looks like a hamburger.
 Yeah it's a bit strange. Do you know of any interesting facts about the internet or apps in general?
 That's not surprising, but also kind of scary. Do you ever read the ToS?
 So, do you have a dog?
 Their mattresses are also sold at Target which surely helps to promote them.
 I like that Target doesn't carry tobacco.
 Yeah, that is sad. I sometimes buy dog food at target.
 Dogs, along with elephants are the only animals that can naturally understand pointing. They are pretty special!
 It's likely to attract a lot of customers. Not to mention that they have a 100-night money-back guarantee
 Anything can be addictive, if it releases chemicals in the brain. I had fun chatting with you! Have a good night!
 Enjoy your mattress!
 Have a good night!
 I know a little bit.  Transhumanists want to upload their minds to conmputers and memory sticks.  That could be interesting to do so your future generations would know you.
 It's going to happen and already is happening now.  Robots are replacing humans in factories.  The space shuttle's general purpose computer ran on 1mb of ram!
 Once self driving vehicles hit the road there will come a time when traditional cars won't be allowed on the road because all the cars will run off of GPS and you won't own a car but you'll own a share in a car and it will come when you need it.  In 1936 the Russians made a computer that ran on water! 
 Hopefully there will also be a lot less need for cars because of more compact urban design and public transit. I wonder how the water thing worked -- like, pipes and valves or something?
 I'm guessing the water was used to power it, kind of like how a water wheel used to work to turn grinding stones.  Someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.  I have no idea how that worked.  ...and yes on the cars.  I don't see public transit happening in rural areas because it wouldn't be cost effective.
 Yeah, there'd still be some need for cars. It's hilarious the space shuttle's computer was so archaic. I read that they had to ransack abandoned hospitals and electronic junkyards when they needed spare parts for it.
 That's crazy!  Smoking near Apple computers voids the warranty by making it a biohazard!
 Definitely! I'm a freelance writer, so besides reading for recreation I also do a lot of research to make money. Do you?
 I read alot mainly non-fiction though.  Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.
 Yes.  It's also suggested reading for many military organizations, including the US Marine Corps.
 lol  The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones with a reading speed of 4,700 words per minute!  Talk about fast!  It's been fun chatting!
 Nice talking to you also.
 Have a great night!
 Yeah so much stress they have to take! I think its cute babies spontaneously dance when they hear music.
 He is so quick and agile! I would love to get a selfie with him on my iphone! The first generation iphone was released in 2007, i still remember that moment!
 Yes I do and I am a man so I guess I break that sterotype! I have never played the iphone game "send me to heaven" though.Maybe that explains why my iphone is still intact lol. Great talking with you!
 I think it's good that Apple banned it. The app creator seemed to want to create havoc lol. I hope you have a good rest of your evening!
 Yeah same here, sounds pretty dumb and a waste.  Same to you thanks!
 This one is in Downtown DC, once a year for military connected families.
 That I can't tell you.  Still, some personalities get involved.  It's organized by a Virginian charity called Student Leadership Center.
 I learn a waltz for my wedding, the instructor said I was the most improved he'd seen, he didn't say I was any good, just most improved.  It sounds like a participation award to me.
 Well I couldn't make them any worse. I might be able to perfect a good granny shot.
 It seems the  money is in coaching, maybe I could coach and nobody would know I can't sink a three throw.  All you have to do is yell at the players and draw X's and O's
 I would have loved to read that way in school! Ender's Game was a suggested read for the US marine corps.
 That's very cool. It's been nice talking to you and learning so much!
 I would say that i still follow basketball more than soccer.  I played it as a kid and it always interested me.  Are you a fan?
 Could be confusing for both fans and players.  The FIFA World Cup will be in the US in 2026, gives you some time to really get into it.
 Yes, I bet it will increase interest in soccer in America.  
 I think the US will have a very good team by then, more and more kids are playing it.  The will surely make it to the finals in Qatar in 2022.
 If the women's team can be so successful there is no reason the men can't be too.  The women have never been worse than third.
 True, if we have a bunch of Europeans on the US team, then we have a good chance! 
 True, we should be able to come up with a decent team with all of the athletes we have in this country.  It's been fun talking soccer with you.  Have a good rest of your day.
 We have a local summer college leaguue that is new to the area, but I have not attended yet. Not world Cup level, but good none-the-less
 I played in school and in a summer league as a young child, but other sports drew my attention as I grew. It amazes me that it remains the most popular sport in the world. No equipment required helps.
 Pretty wild.  I was never tall enough  to excel in basketball. I wrestled instead.  har that if you add up all the revenue from basketball, football, baseball, tennis, golf and hockey combined, it still falls short to the earning for soccer.  
 It is amazing  how much people value games where others chase balls. Bit, at least sometimes, a ball player will reach outside themselves and help others. Like that soccer player who donated is World Cup bonus to help children in Brazil.  Warms the heart.
 I heard that the name was derived from the team players preference in Starbucks coffee. "Tall, black cappuccino"
 Three teams? I hope they wear different colored shirts!  Is this world cup play?
  +Talk about bad planning, did you know the 2020 World Cup is supposed to be played in a city that hasn't been built yet?
 Yeah. I didn't even know World Cup was a FIFA event until this year  LOL
 I try to avoid the press. I do like trivia. Did you know that the Hungary soccer team only lost 1 game of=ver a six year stretch in the 1950s? That's surprising!
 Not bad. Nice chatting with you!
 You too! Have a good day!
 Yes, I love to read.  I am always read a book.  I am lucky to not be in the 18th century, when there was a moral panic over reading!
 We've come a long way from then.  Now we congratulate Anne Jones, who can read 4,700 words per minute.
 Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 Hi, how are you?
 I did know that. It is also one where a man is not needed for the success of the heroine. Seems right too!
 yeah. That's probably why there's only one blockbuster left.
 I agree. And it would take a very long time to travel using horse and buggy. In Lancaster County in PA the amish use horse and buggy daily. 
 Man, that would be a pain! Nice chatting with you!
 I havnt seen it yet. Is it good.
 I saw the first one. I heard there is actually a incredibles 2 that was in video game format. Have you seen or played that one.
 Wow thats pretty cool. Did you get to see it early or anything like that. I would think that would be a really cool job.
 That would be a cool job. that Brad Bird is a pretty creative guy huh. Multi talented.
 Yeah I heard that. He used artists that were likely to quit or fired from pixar, He believed those were the only people who could create what he needed for the movie. Was your brother one of thoe. Lol.
 Yeah well it worked out since it is the 2nd highest grossing animated movie.
 Thats true. Did you know the incredibles is actually set in the 1960s.
 I didnt really notice that in the first one. Except maybe the woman who makes the costumes. She seemed like she was from a different time a little bit.
 Yeah I think her name is Sarah Vowell. 
 I heard that to. She is pretty talentd as well.
 I will do that next chance I get. Have a good one.
 Good morning!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2 movie?
 Yes.    I love everything Pixar is a part of doing!
 The director for the 2nd movie actually used artists who were either likely to quit or get fired from Pixar. 
 It was written by Brad Bird!  He also was the directer and provided the voice for Edna mode in the movie.
 That is fascinating stuff.    My favorite character is the one voiced by Samuel L. Jackson in that film.
 Nice!  Did you know the girl who does the voice of Violet ...Sarah Vowell...is also a political commentator and a bestselling author of historical non-fiction?
 I had heard that.     Bob Odenkirk as the bad guy is perfect casting!
 I agree!  I like Craig T. Nelson and Holly Hunter's voices.  They fit the characters well!
 I would be curious to know.  What was the name of that game?
 I believe the game was The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer.
 Nice.  So that came out then a year after the movie was first released in 2004?
 That would be correct, 2005.    Do you like video games?
 I do like them!   I used to love playing Nintendo when I was younger.
 I didn't know that.  But, it doesn't surprise me.  The games have come a long way since then.  I think they stopped making Nintendo gaming systems in 2003?
 Maybe if they made some comedy video games, the system might have stayed around.
 As long as Comedy Central didn't own it.  They have cancelled over 100 shows since they first were created in 1989!  
 It is a good thing they didn't have golden globe winner 3rd rock from the sun in 1997.
 Yes!  lol  I loved the corny comedy from that show.  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you today!
 ya I like the a lot, I have a switch and just started Zelda, I even played zelda back in the 80's on the NES, only had 54 colors back then haha
 ya I never knew that and I am a programmer! I first saw monty python on Comedy Central, the only thing I like on there now is SOuth Park though
 It was great talking to you!
 I would love to go there too, I hear the building is just awesome
 That is funny, not having the presidential look and then becoming president of the country, ironic and really funny, made my day
 I  had a Nintendo system yeah, it only had 54 colors and a terrible definition, still one of the best consoles ever
 Yeah I saw that one, it was good.  Well it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 These Pixar movies are so sophisticated now.  Just as intelligent as a regular movie, I enjoy the voice acting too.
 Yes, I love Pixar movies almost as much as my kids love them.
 That's awesome. 
 I guess Nintendo is a bit dated now.  I remember the days when Space Invaders was the height of video gaming.  I don't think it even had ten colors.
 It was great talking to you!
 No kidding! Were you a fan of 3rd Rock From the Sun? I was so happy when it won the best comedy series at the Golden Globe back in 97. It had stiff competition but still won, which is impressive!
 I like a lot of film with Stephen Chow and this is one of the best he made ! Their style of comedy is really dynamic and fast.  
 That's a good point. Another comedy I enjoyed was Incredibles 2. Did you like that one? I loved how the present day events set in  movie was from the 1960s!
 Agreed! Like most forms of entertainment, it truly held our attention and have us great pleasure and delight! Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care, friend!
 Violet is a badass I agree, I must say my favorite charater lies between Mr. Incredible and Frozono, Frozono is as cool as ice is cold
 Morning! Yes, Some of it. Have you watched anything good recently?
 Hello!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2?
 Awesome!  The first movie came out back in 2004.  Hard to believe it's been that long.
 Nice.  Did you know that the present day events in the Incredibles is set in the 1960's?
 Yes they are.  Never though of it like that.  Whe the directer made the movie he used artists that he thought were either going to quit or get fired by Pixar.  He must have thought they would have been more motivated to try to save their jobs?
 I agree.  Did you know that there was a sequal to the Incredibles that appeared in video game formet?
 Nice.  Did you ever have an original nintendo system?
 Nice!  I wish I still had mine.  The original one only could display 54 colors!
 I agree!  They discontinued to the Nintendo in Sept. of 2018 in Japan.  That must have been when they switched to the game cube?
 Hahaha  Good catch! Typo!  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 I haven't seen it.  He was discovered by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!
 Yeah and did you know the green lantern movie was going to be a comedy with Jack Black as the lead. Probably would have been better than the Ryan Reynolds version haha.
 lol  I didn't know that!  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you!
 I wish I still had my NES, I loved playing it when I was a kid.
 I saw a chicken that played tic-tac-toe in a casino once. I imagine it had to be something similar to what they did back then.
 It was in Atlantic City, the chicken was surprisingly very good at the game. I don't remember seeing anyone win outright.
 Good point. Reality tv is also really popular but I'm not a huge fan. I like Seinfeld, Friends, the classics!
 Well at least we don't have to use chickens for entertainment anymore. Although it would be nice to have a tic-tac-toe partner. Have a good day!
 Same to you, have a nice day.
 Good morning.  Yes, I saw it recently with the kids, it was a lot of fun.
 The English finding entertainment from chickens sounds like a Monty Python sketch to me.  Maybe from Monty Python and the Holy Grail, that's a good comedy movie.
 The same here.  Try to make today your perfect day, however that is.
 I'll do likewise, maybe get out my old Nintendo.
 Well he sure enough had the look to be a real life president.
 That is a quality seal, it must be good. Does it has stars to do voices ?
 It was great talking to you!
 I love their movies like the holy grail or the life of brian. Have you ever seen an african or european swallow? 
 Hello!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2?
 I did!  I had the original one, then I think I had the super nintendo.
 I believe it!  I think that was around before Bill Nye the science guy.
 He won a Steve Martin look alike contest!
 LOL  I know.  Speaking of actors...Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because they thought he didn't have a presidential look to him.  How funny.
 Yes.  Do you like Bill Murray at all?
 I love that movie.  We still watch it a few times a year. 
 Yes it does I think.  Bill Murray thinks that Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.  I don't believe I have seen that one.
 I didn't care for it.  That was originally supposed to be a  comedy starring Jack Black.
 I didn't know that either.  It was nice chatting with you!
 That is true. Did you ever watch 3rd Rock From the Sun? I loved it and was so happy when it won the best comedy series at the Golden Globe back in 97. It had to beat out some fantastic shows but it was the most deserving of the award!
 Friends was great indeed. I also love the British comedy group Monty Python. You know, the Python Programming Language creator basically named it that to honor the group! I thought that was pretty cool!
 Speaking of movies, did you ever see Incredibles 2? I love how the present day events in the film are set in the 1960s!
 Hello!  I have!  Good sequel to the orginal one that came out in 2004.  Did you see it?
 Neat story!  The girl who played the voice of Violet is Sarah Vowell.  She's also a bestselling author of historical nonfiction!
 I agree.  I like finding vintage items from that era.  When they were making the movie the directer used artists that he thought were either likely to quit or get fired from Pixar.  He must have thought they would have extra motivation to produce better work so they could save their jobs?
 Yes.  I didn't realize that there was actually a sequel that came out in video game form called "The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer".  Did you ever hear of that?
 Yes.  Speaking of video games...did you ever have a Nintendo back in the day?
 I don't have the time either.  The original system could display only 54 colors.
 I lost interest and time in the mid90s somewhere.  Did you know that Ronald Reagan was once turned down for a movie role because he didn't fit the look of a president for the role?  How ironic. 
 LOL  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 Yes!  He was discovered by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!
 You have a good day as well!  It was a pleasure!  One more quick question before we go.  Do you like comedies by any chance?
 Awesome!  I love them too!  Have a great day!
 I used to watch a lot of CC when I was younger and there wasn't so many options for entertainment.  I do like the Celebrity Roasts they air but not too familiar with their current shows
 Not cancelled, but I know the Daily Show w/ Jon Stewart was the big show that really got CC on the map
 For sure - have a great day!
 I like all those especially comedies.
 Yeah i liked groundhog day. What about you.
 Im not so sure I agree with that, but hey to each his own right. Bill was good in space jam I thought.
 Yeah it wasnt that great in my opinion.
 That would have been awesome. Definitely better than the original.
 Yeah i liked that dude that kind of acted different I thought he was funny 
 I was never a seinfeld fan or frasier or friends for that matter.
 I would rather watch 3rd rock from the sun than any of those other shows. Just this guys opinion though.
 Yeah I spent hours playing mario. So did my parents after I went to bed, they probably wont admit it though.
 Yeah. It was still awesome though. I can still remember getting that nintendo when I was ten years old. 
 It was amazing. And you're right it was the only system in my lifetime that whole families played together. 
 Incredibles 2 is an animated flim which is released in US on June 15, 2018
 Yeah I have heard of it. We haven't seen it yet tho. Is it good.
 Yeah thats true. Did you know the directro did one of the voices in the movie.
 So true. The director played the part of edna mode. She is the one who created the costumes for the incredibles.I think he did a good job.
 Yes, costumes designer plays a important role. His creativity also help for the success of the character. Who is your favourite superhero ?
 definently batman. How bout you
 Those are to very different superheros huh. 
 Did you know tht some people actually used to breed chickens for entertainment.
 Did you ever play nintendo. Thats a popular form of entertainment.
 Yep, They actually were still producing the original nintendo up until 2003. Thats a long time.
 You watch movies which is your favourite ?
 Dont really have a favorite movie. I like comedies mostly though.
 Do you remember that comedy show third rock from the sun.
 The green lantern film was originally going to be comedy starring Jack black.
 That would have been a whole new take on the movie. Well its been nice chatting. Have a good one.
 Yes.  I would also go to the National Museum of Natural History.
 Yes there is a lot of big open spaces there. I go there to write or drink coffee.
 You like coffee thats great im a coffe lover as well, I like the Port City Java, I was there like 4 years ago so I guess I would love to visit the place again
 I went to that theater. The seating is very comfortable and the popcorn is all you can eat. It is a very nice theater. I would probably go see The Incredibles 2 there.
 He is the Science Guy. He kind of looks like Steve Martin.
 The one and only, and he did? I think thats funny, they do look alike, they could be lost brothers.
 He's a legend, That's for sure. I love how the Python Programming Language creator basically named it that to honor the British comedy group Monty Python! 
 That was the first system I ever owned, I wish I still had it sometimes!
 Maybe so! Well speaking of comedy and entertainment, are you a fan of the Incredibles 2 by chance? I thoight writer/director Brad Bird did an incredible job on the sequel to the original 2004 film. 
 I am an Incredibles fan and saw Incredibles 2 opening weekend. It was a sequel I really wanted for a long time. I hope a third is in the works.
 Wow I never knew that. I really enjoyed that the sequel started immediately following the end of the first film.
 I did enjoy that it was not set in present times. It made it feel a lot more unique.
 Take care!
 I've seen Monty Python before, but didn't think it was too funny. 
 Yeah I was thinking about watching it. I love Jack Black-Nacho Libre was hilarious. I think he would have been great in The Green Lantern!
 Yeah. I would want to see all the museums and theaters like the Kennedy Center and the Adventure Theater. 
 Hi, yes I do.. my favorite are animation movies!
 Animation and comedy also! Have you watched the incredibles?
 The first one was released on 2004! and then we had to wait 13 years but it was worth
 I did not know that their last name was Parr, did you?
 I am passionate about these movies! Remember the Character Edna Mowe
 I think that is hillarious! He did not find anyone else as funny as him
 That makes it very interesting! Did you play ever play Nintendo?
 That is pretty cool, it was discontinued in 2003, I still own the 1985 console.
 It does! I use it with the kids and thy love it, even if it only has 54 colors
 It will be, did yo ever watch third rock?
 cool, it was good. Well, good chat
 I love comedy. I watch a lot of stand-up and comedy movies.
 That's very interesting. I'm glad he took notice of them and gave them work. That seems very nice. 
 That's true. But it has brought in a ton of money to the studios but it is pixar so of course it was wonderful. 
 Not as much as I used to. I used to play nintendo all the time as a kid though. 
 Makes sense though because the programing just wasn't as sophisticated as it is now. No matter how many colors Duck Hunter was still awesome. 
 A local store to us has a huge touchscreen with a version of it. I could play that for hours with my kids. 
 I think he was probably too handsome for them. I think they had the idea that a president couldn't have movie star good looks. He became a great one though. 
 Hi, do you like movies?
 Yes, I love animation movies, have you watched the incredible 2?
 I love Pixar!!! I did watch it, It was really funny..We had to wait 13 years but it was worth it
 That is so cool!! I had no Idea Brad Bird did it, It looks he could not find anyone as funny as him
 That makes it pretty cool!! I did not know that last name is of that family is Parr
 Yes, very much. I still own the 1985 console. I think that was discontinued in 2003
 Even if it can only display 54 colors is so much fun. My kids love it!
 We had a lot of fun with nintendo, we had many options, not like 50BC when they had to play with chickens!
 I hope they did not, that would be cruel... Talking about retro, did you ever watch third rock from the sun?
 It was a lot of fun, Joseph Gordon Levitt was about 10 years old! I like those other sitcoms a lot, friends , frasier!
 That is a lot, I think doing comedy is not that easy! Did you ever watch Monty Python?
 It was great talking to you!
 Sorry for that typo, I meant to say I'd imagine most lists would include the Smithsonian Museums since they are free. I have been and the various museums are my favorite things to do.
 My favorites are the Zoo, Air and Space, and it's not a free Smithsonian Museum but the Spy Museum is very interesting.
 I loved the Incredibles 2, I saw it on opening weekend.
 Yes they definitely gave it an old time super hero feel. It made it feel a lot more unique to me.
 I love video games and had an Original NES so I definitely believe it!
 I wish I still had mine, it fell by the wayside as more and more systems came out. It was a lot less complicated than games today.
 Hello!  I'm good!  Do you eat tofu?  I've never tried it.
 I'm not sure.  Closest I ever came to it was a friend of mines mother in high school used to eat it.  Do you watch comedies?
 I love them too!  Bill Murray thinks that Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.  I've never seen that one though.
 LOL  Now that's funny!  haha  The Green Lantern was originally supposed to be a comedy that starred Jack Black.
 That would be a very funny movie if it had Jack Black in it.
 I bet.  I love his stuff.  Did you ever watch 3rd rock from the sun?
 Yes.  I think you can find it on Netflix or amazon prime.  Did you know that Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since it was created in 1989?
 Me too.  I mainly only watch amazon prime and netflix now.  Only time I really watch live tv is for sports.  Did you ever see the Incredibles 2 movie?
 Not yet.  I did see the first one.  I can't believe it's been 15 years already since that one came out in 2004.
 Seems like the older I get the faster it goes.  The present day events in the Incredibles are set in the 1960's.  That was a little before my time.
 The girl that is the voice of Violet is Sarah Vowell.  She's also an author of historical nonfiction.  That's pretty neat!
 It was great chatting with you!
 We have Netflix, it occurred to me over the weekend that the kids hadn't seen Ghostbusters, I was able to have it playing in minutes, I love Bill Murray.
 He is a great comedian. I love his commitment to his characters. 
 I'm not so sure about his opinion on movies, but generally anything he is in is sure to be funny.
 Yes I loved that movie. I think they did a fabulous job with it. Did you like it?
 Pixar do such a great making those movies appeal to both kids and adults.  They are, usually, really funny too.  I love the voices.
 Sometimes it worth the wait.  Usually when sequels are rushed they are so disappointing.  Still, it's a whole lot better than getting your entertainment from chickens like the British did on the time of Caesar.  
 Good morning!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2?
 I have! Saw it last summer. I was a bit underwhelmed. I thought director Brad Bird was a bit more inspired with the first in the series back in 2004. 
 I know. It's crazy! There was actually a sequel to The Incredibles 13 years ago, in video game form. Wonder how close it was to the movie. 
 I never knew that.  The voice of Violet is played by Sarah Vowell who is also a besselling author of historical nonfiction.  That's interesting!
 That's cool. I'd never heard that. I didn't realize that the present day events in the original movie are set in the 1960s. I thought it was just a stylistic choice -- didn't know it was actually supposed to be set in that decade. 
 I didn't know that either.  Pretty neat. Did you ever play one of the original nintendo gaming systems?
 Oh, yeah. I still remember getting mine in 1985 when it first came out. With Gyromite and the R.O.B. robot. 
 lol Me too.  Crazy how the video has changed since then.  The original one could only display 54 colors.  
 Just 54? Nuts. Japan continued production of the NES until 2003. Wonder how many total units were sold. 
 I'm guessing they sold a ton!  I think they then went on to make the Game Cube around then?  
 Yeah, I think you're right. Didn't sell nearly as many of those. Did you know Bill Nye the Science Guy got his big break in a Steve Martin lookalike contest? Wonder if he had a banjo. 
 That's an interesting story.  That would have been funny if he had one!  
 Here's a funny tidbit - Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't look presidential enough. Haha. 
 I prefer dramas, but I'll watch a comedy now and then. Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since it started back in 1989. 
 That's a lot!  Did you know that 3rd Rock from the Sun won a golden globe in 1997 for best comedy series?
 Doesn't surprise me. I remember studying that show in one of my TV writing classes in college. I think it beat our Seinfeld that year. 
 How interesting!  I didn't know that the Green Lantern was originally going to be a comedy film did you?
 Unfortunately, it sorta turned out as a comedy, unintentionally! 
 Yes it did. lol  It was nice chatting with you today!
 I saw Incredibles 2 last year in the theater. It's my favorite Pixar film.
 Have you ever played the video game version called the rise of the underminer? It's fun!
 They did, which I was happy about. It had the 1960's feel that the movies have.
 I live in the city so there's lots to do. I love comedies, whether it's at the theater, on TV, movies, or a comedy club.
 He had an amazing career. Nice chatting with you!
 Will do! Bye!
 Hi! Are you a fan of the Incredibles 2? I am and particularly loved how the present day events in the film are set in the 1960s!
 I find it interesting to note that the Nintendo system could only display 54 colors.  Julius would have liked it.
 I have always enjoyed Steve Martin.  That guy had humor.
 I haven't got around to it yet, but I did see the first one! Have you?
 No, I had no idea. I wonder why it's set then? I played the incredibles game, rise of the underminer. It was actually a sequel to the first incredibles.
 That is hilarious. I would love to see him doing the voice.
 Absolutely, I play pretty much everyday. Do you?
 Me too. I kind of like old school games more than the new ones that are out. Did you know the Nintendo entertainment system was discontinued in September of 2003 in Japan? They were making that for a long time!
 Wow, yeah that is a long time. It could only display 54 colors!
 Yeah, back then it was a huge deal. 
 I am, it's my favorite genre. 
 Yeah he is great, been a while since I've seen him in anything though.
 Nope I never did, was it any good?
 Yes it would have. Since 1989 comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows. 
 Yeah, well it was nice talking to you! Bye. 
 :)
 I'm good!  Do you like to watch comedies?
 I'm a big fan!  Probably my favorite type of movie above the other genres.  Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since it's creation in 1989.  That's alot.
 Hmmm...it must be funny then.  I've never seen it.  Have you?
 Yes.  I didn't know that.  It was also going to star Jack Black.  Did you remember 3rd Rock from the Sun?
 It was a funny show.  Corny comedy, but still good for a laugh.  It won a golden globe in 1997 for best comedy series.  Time sure is flying by.  Feels like that was yesterday.
 Did you ever see the movie Incredibles 2?
 I didn't know that.  How interesting!  The girl who designs the superhero costumes in the movie Edna is voiced by the director of the film Brad Bird.
 I agree.  The girl who voices the character of Violet is Sarah Vowell.  She is also a political commentator and best selling author of historical nonfiction.  That's pretty neat!
 That's really neat. I'll have to try and catch that movie soon. Sounds like it's pretty good.
 It's a fun watch.  Especially if you like comedies.  I think anything Pixar has done is pretty good.
 It was great talking to you!
 haha that is great I remember that too! I also remember playing nintendo and thought the graphics were so good with only 54 colors!
 Maybe you're right because I have never seen Kung Fu Hustle...is it bad? I used to love comedy central which was created back in 1989!
 Yeah it makes me want to learn more. There is lots of American history in DC have you been? The Kennedy Center sounds cool.
 Yeah DC is a really cool place to visit, I think all americans should go.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Yep I agree with you there. I'm just glad we live in modern times. We don't have to do what people did two thousand years ago and use chickens for our entertainment LOL
 Hello!  Have you ever visited Washington DC?
 That does sound good!  I would like to see some of the museums and theaters.  Are you familiar with any of them?
 I bet!  The Imagination Stage, Kennedy Center, and the Adventure Theater would be neat to go to as well.
 Those sound good.  I'm a coffee nut.  Love to try different ones from different places.  Are you a fan of the Incredibles movies?
 I saw them because of my kids.  Did you know that the present day events of the Incredibles are set in the 1960s?  
 Yes.  You'll have to check it out if you're a fan of that era.  Did you ever have a Nintendo gaming system?
 Me too.  I stopped somewhere in the mid-90s.  The original one only could display 54 colors.
 Yes.  Definately.  I remember the excitement when it came out.  There was more buzz about it than the Atari system.  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 That's surprising!  Never would have guessed that.  Did you grow up with Ronald Reagan as president?  The Nintendo came out towards the end of his 2nd term.
 Neat!  That's an interesting story.  He was a good actor in his days before he got into politics.  Do you like comedies at all?
 That is surprising.  Maybe it was 3rd rocks lucky year.  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Yeah.  Its sad that they discontinued it back in 2003.  I own one and still dust it off to play.
 Huh, interesting. That's why I like Netflix, you can pick and choose what you want to watch. I like some of the Marvel series on Netflix and also the superhero movies.
 In DC they even have children's theaters. I think it's cool to get kids into that at a young age. Museums are another good thing too.
 Seems like a nice place to sit and do some work because of the large atrium. I also like coffee shops.
 Honestly I prefer Starbucks because of the coffee. Looks like they have both options in DC.
 Yeah that is true!  Same here, nice chatting. 
 True but the naming of it almost makes me want to use it anyway. I love Quest for the holy grail so the fact it is name after the comedy group makes it special to me. 
 It is pretty cool that they did that though. 
 Good morning! Yes I have.  Are you familiar with it?
 How interesting!  That was a little before my time.  The first movie came out in 2004.
 I wonder if he maybe thought they would work better under the pressure of having their jobs on the line?
 Yes. I find it interesting that the girl who voiced Violet in the movies, Sarah Vowell. is also a bestselling author and political commentator.
 Interesting!  Before the 2nd movie came out, there was actually a sequel to the first movie that exists in video game form called "The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer".  Never knew that.
 True!  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 What a good story!  Did you know that the nintendo system could only display 54 colors?
 Hard to believe that was that long ago.  I think they started making the Game Cube around then?  I like all kinds of entertainment...even watching comedies!  Are you a fan of comedies?
 I agree.  It would have made the movie totally different!   Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since it was created in 1989.  Crazy number.
 What do you think of Bill Murray?  It's been a pleasure!
 Yes. I agree. Have a good one!
 They were incredibly competative. But that is the nature of the entertainment business I suppose. Yes it has been a great conversation. 
 Same here, have a great one.
 Yeah true. He impressed so many other scientists with his interpretation of Einstein's theory.
 Hey, do you know if Craig T Nelson is still doing the voice over for the Dad in Incredibles 2?
 Awesome!  He and Holly Hunter were terrific in the first one.
 He was the ice dude, right?  I hear they added Bob Odenkirk to this one.
 I don't know. One of the other voice artist!  Right after Antonio Apostrophe!
 Well, I am looking forward to seeing it. I guess it is not technically the sequel to the first movie, since there was a video game made after the movie, but I never saw the video game.
 Yeah. It must have been a Playstation game, because the Nintendo was discontinued in 2003, and the first movie did not come out until 2004.
 True. I miss my 54-color Nintendo...
 So, are into comedy?
 Sure. I even entered a Steve Martin Look-a-like contest once. I lost to Bill Nye the Science Guy...
 So you look like Steve Martin? thats funny I guess Bill Nye is the copy of the guy so unfair competition there
 He had better nerd glasses than I did.  Oh, well. I guess I will have to just entertain myself by breeding chickens like the early Brits...
 Can you imagine feeding chickens for entertainment? 
 My wife loves her chickens. I love BBQ chicken.  Bill Murray loves Kung Fu Hustle. We all have our vices.
 Hi, I did watch it. It is greattt!!
 Yes, It took 13 to see part 2, because the first was released in 2004, but it was really worth it!
 Yes , they managed to do it great. The images and the music is great.. remember the character Edna Mode?
 She is one of my favorites! did you know who did her voice?
 It was the movie director! Brad Bird! He could not find someone more suitable!
 He is really funny!, talking about Movies and TV shows, do you like 90's sitcoms?
 Me too, I enjoyed watching Frasier, Seinfield, and on friday nights really late, third rock from the sun, did you ever watch that one?
 With great actor like Joseph Gordon Levitt, he was like 10 years old
 Wow I guess he was born to be a president, but I agree It was strange!! Did you watch green lantern?
 You too! It was great.. many movies to watch , specially comedies!
 Sure
 Im doing great how bout yourself.
 I havent seen that one yet. The first one was pretty good though.
 Oh yeah. I didnt really get that from the first one, but it didnt really mention the date to my knowledge.
 I heard that. I guess they couldnt find anybody that was near as good as he was at it. 
 Do you like comedies.
 there are so many to choose from. Do you like bill murray.
 Yeah he has a few good films. Im not so sure I agree with his assesment on that though.
 Yeah it was going to have Jack black as the lead. I think it probably would have been better that way. 
 That would have been very funny if they filmed it with Jack Black.
 So true. Are you a fan of comedy central.
 Yeah they arent the best at picking the shows to air. They have had over 100 shows canncled sin they started the channel in 1989.
 It was great talking to you!
 Thank you, I enjoyed reading yours too. It was nice talking with you!
 Thank you.
 Oh good to know. Sounds like there are a lot of little coffee shops too like the Port City Java on Capitol Hill.
 Yeah agreed! really shows the local feel of a place. Glad to know they have an iPic theater there as well, it is such a cool place to watch a movie. 
 Oh nice! Well it was great talking with you have a nice day!
 I love comedy
 It was cool to read about how Aaron Posner hangs out near Congress and tries to overhear conversations at other tables.  I actually do that exact same thing.
 Yeah i love unique flavors like that.  He really seems to go out of his way to make sure his daughter has great experiences despite her dietary limitations
 Nice. The National Building Museum looks cool. Also the National Portrait Museum as well.
 Yeah it really has. Entertainment as a whole. The process has been accelerated in modern times by the entertainment industry evolving and adapting to any scale.
 Haha yes that would have been an improvement for that movie. It's also pretty crazy to think about the origins of comedy. We can thank the Ancient Greeks for that one!
 No it doesn't. I am glad that they kept the same story line though. It would have been weird to jump ahead. 
 I like the new Star Wars movies, but I think Marvel is doing so much better because they are allowed to tell completely different stories. I think theyre trying to be too careful with Star Wars right now
 South Park is a great show I love it, so funny!!
 I have! I saw it last week and loved it. have you?
 Hi, Did you watch the incredible 2?
 I did , it was great. The first one was released on 2004, they are 13 years apart. You should watch it.
 Not as far as I know.. but I do like video games, remember Nintendo?
 Yes, not as much details in the images..they discontinued them in 2003, I still own the old one
 No, I still use it , and the kids love it. Do you like comedy?
 No, that sounds cool. tell me about it
 Never heard about it. Gotta fin it. Remember long time ago a series called "third rock from the Sun"?
 It was fun, one of the main character was Joseph Gordon Levitt, he was a kid back then
 Wow that is a lot!! I have not seen green lantern, but i learned they wanted jack Black to starr on it, that would have been funny.
 I have not, but he is really fun!!! as Bill Murray!
 He is funny, have to check Kung Fu Hustle, apparently he is very proud of it.!
 Yeah same here have a good one!
 Not really I think i have not seen much of his movies. but he seems like a funny person.
 On the same topic of entertainment, when Ceasar visited britain, in 50 bc, they used chicken as form of entertainment.
 yes, he is a funny guy. have you played the nintendo system
 the old Nintendo was the form of entertainment back in the days before the playstations
 I used to play video games back in the day of the original Nintendo!
 Ah, you're right! Do you let your kids watch tv? I think it's cool that in DC they have kids theater. I'd prefer my kids to watch that instead, though they do watch some tv.
 I always tell myself I should go out to work and sit at a cafe or something. The large atrium in the National Building Museum sounds lovely.
 I believe that's in DC but I'm not sure where. Sitting at a cafe would be nice too!
 Did you know KF Hustle is Bill Murray's favorite film? My favorite B. Murray comedy is Groundhog Day. Admit I watch every Feb. 2nd, or thereabouts, and still giggle.
 Do you know anything about Pixar films?
 Yes, Brad Bird is a multitalented fellow!
 he is! Seems like a nice guy too, he only used artists on the Incredibles who were going to quit or be fired, which is  anice way to make sure they keep having a job
 There are not many folks in the entertainment industry who are that thoughtful!
 Yes, that's the one.     I think more comedy films should be turned into video games.
 ya I agree, they should make a videogame about Kung Fu Hustle that would be a wild videogame!
 Bill Murray would play it!    He loves that movie.
 haha ya for sure, that sounds very boring, I love my original Nintendo even though it only had 54 colors!
 True.    I was a little sad when they finally discontinued the system in 2003.
 ya I agree, have you ever watched a Ronald Reagan movie for entertainment? I've never seen one of his movies, but its funny he was refused a role because he wasn't presidential looking
 haha good point! They should have used jack black in that movie, could have made it a lot better than it ended up!
 Too true, although I don't think anything could make me like the script!    I think I'll go watch it again right now.    I'm a glutton for punishment.
 I would think so!  Playwright-director Aaron Posner pondered the same question.
 I agree.  Have you seen the movie Incredibles 2?
 Just recently, we streamed in on Netflix a couple of weekends back.
 I can't believe the first one came out in 2004.  Time is flying.
 There was technically a sequel to the first movie that came out in the form of a video game called "The Incredibles: The Rise of the Underminer"
 Pong!  I remember that!  I think I was 7 or 8 when that came out.  The first Nintendo systems was capable of displaying only 54 colors.
 I know what you mean.  In Sept. of 2003 the Nintendo system was discontinued in Japan.  
 LOL I agree!  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 A little, my kids are into him now.  I think he's good, the way he gets kids interested in science.
 Yes.  He got his big break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!
 I can ind of see that.  Steve Martin is very entertaining, I used to enjoy his comedy movies.
 Yes.  I love his movies.  Do you like comedies then?
 I like them too.  I didn't realize Comedy Central has been around since 1989.
 Again time flies, just like with the original Incredibles move.  Also, just like this conversation.  Goodbye.
 He may like that.  His daughter does have a sensitivity to gluten so I think that may work.
 Now we have a lot of pre recorded products, we have many video games consoles, 3d movie theaters, technology is just amazing
 Did you ever watch 3rd Rock From the Sun? I was so happy when it won the best comedy series Golden Globe back in 97. It had some stiff competition but still won the award and they deserved it!
 Maybe so! Are you also a fan of British comedy group Monty Python? The Python Programming Language creator basically named it that to honor the group! I thought that was cool.
 Yeah that is one hell of a run for a video game system!  Nice talking with you today, have a good one!
 I like to watch movies by myself lol.
 Kids nowdays don't know what they are missing. It might have only had 54 colors but nothing was as fun as standing right next to the screen with the gun trying to hit those digital ducks. 
 I use Python sometimes, it is pretty cool.
 Not really. I could have gone in 8th grade but I got sick and was in the hospital. How bout you.
 Kids would love that kind of stuff. I think I would enjoy it as well.
 Havnt seen it yet. Is it good.
 I know who Samuel l jackson is. Not sure about the other one.
 I wasnt aware of that actually. Disney sure does own a lot of stuff now. I think old Walt would be proud.
 I love a good comedy myself, but me and my two yearl old watch superhero movies all the time. He loves them.
 My kids love anything that makes noise. Lol
 Yeah I have seen it a bunch of times. Its an alright movie. Did you know Bill murray thinks kunfu hustle is the supreme achievement in modern day comedy. I dont think I would go that far.
 Probably just because those shows they canceled werent very good. I have seen some pretty bad ones on comedy central. 
 I remember a lot of Saturday night live from when I was a kid. When Farley and sandler and all those guys were on the show. I havent watched it in years though.
 Lol. I might have to check it out sometime. Have a good one.
 good morning.
 Good morning!  Did you see the Incredibles 2?
 I haven't but my kids liked it. I did see the first one though.
 I saw them both through my kids.  Did you know that the present day events of the Incredibles are set in the 1960s?
 Yeah I heard that. I didnt really catch that while watching the first one.
 I didn't either.  When making the movie, director Brad Bird intentionally used artists who were either likely to quit or be fired from Pixar because he believed only they could create everything he needed.  Interesting.  Must have thought they would produce better work to try to save their jobs?
 I guess. People like that would be more likely to push the envelope a little bit to. To make something amazing instead of something safe.
 Yes.  the girl who is the voice of Violet is Sarah Vowell.  She's also a political commentator and best selling author of historical nonfiction.  That's very interesting I think!
 Yeah she sure is talented. The director is pretty talented as well.
 I agree.  On another subject do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 Yeah I used to watch that show sometimes.
 Did you know he was discovered by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest?
 I didnt know that. I dont really see it either. It has been a long time since I have seen it though.
 Myself as well.  I have seen him though recently on tv.  I think he has a new show on.  Did you ever play the nintendo gaming system?
 Yeah. I cant believe it shows only 54 colors. It was so awesome back in the day.
 Yes it was.  Funny how great it was for the time and then you look at these gaming systems now.  It's crazy.  Japan finally discontinued the system in Sept. of 2003.  
 Well it sure had a good run though. I would say they got their moneys worth out of it.
 Most definitely.  I had the original one, then I had the next 2 (I can't even recall what they were called) that came after that but my kids mainly played those.
 Yeah I had the original and the super nintendo. Hours of enjoyment.
 Super Nintendo!  That was one of them.  Maybe there was only 2 of them?  I can't remember because the kids went on to the Gamecube, which I think there was another one sandwiched in between that one and the super nintendo.  
 There have been a bunch in my lifetime. Good talk though. gotta get to work. ttyl.
 Yeah, I guess it had a President's Day part that was set in the 1960's.
 Me too. Well, it was great talking to you!
 Thats crazy!! I must be bored to death in order to find that entertaining lol
 Japan didn't quite selling it until 2003.  It must have been good there too.
 Hi, I enjoy movies. I have seen Incredibles 1 but not 2 yet. Have you seen it?
 I did. I only had to wait 13 years for it but it was worth it. It still has the character Edna Mode in it which makes me happy.
 I did not play the video game but I bet its just as great as the movies. The director picked artist who were going to quit or be fired from Pixar because he believed in them. I guess that's what it takes, is heart and belief. 
 I don't really know much about Comedy Central and what shows they have been responsible for. Maybe they should do back and take some lessons from the Greeks who first mastered comedy!
 A lot has happened in the video game world since then! But it is a classic. Speaking of classics, it's funny that Ronald Reagan was turned down for a role in a movie because he didn't look presidential enough. I guess he showed them!
 Great to talk to you too! Comedy and the movies are always fun to watch and to chat about!
 Keep learning fun new things!
 They are quite colorful birds.
 well I'm just glad that we don't have to use chickens for entertainment like in 50bc, that sounds like it would be so boring!
 ya that was very unexpected, also unexpected that someone told Ronald Reagan that he was rejected for a part because he didn't have a "presidential look" talk about hilarious haha
 haha ya I could see that, I haven't seen any movies he's been in, unlike Bill Murray who I"ve seen almost all of his movies hah
 Could be, that would be interesting to watch, maybe they can make a remake since Reynold is Mr. Pool now
 Hi, do you like movies?
 Cool, did you watch the incredibles 2?
 Yes i did like that one very much, it was back in 2004!! 14  years have gone by!
 Yes, comedy is definetely one of my favorite genres, I like to laugh.
 I always look out for Bill Murray movies, he's never failed to make me laugh.  
 He is crazy funny!! I do not know if you watch Osmosis Jones, that one is very good. I have to watch Kun Fu hustle
 It is hard to imagine that as entertainment! Did you ever play Nintendo?
 That was pretty fun , It only could display 54 colors, Im pretty sure the Xbox graphics are 100 times better
 that is right I still own the Nintendo console, that one was discontinued in 2003. Mine still works and I use it sometimes, the kids love the games
 Wow, inteactive! We it was a nice chat. Have a nice day.
 ah I went to Omaha actually, its pretty cool over there, I guess the dutch are making a 160mph bus, Id ride that!
 Lol, that is awesome, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Yeah same to you!
 Yes, I watch alot of Friends. Joey always made me laugh. They all did. I really like the Thanksgiving episode! lol
 lol, Seinfield and Frasier would make me laugh too! Elaine's dance moves unforgetable!
 Aww yes, Carlton. His dance moves make me instantly start laughing. Good one! Good chat!!
 I seen the first one too, but haven't got around to watching the second one. Apparently the current events in the movie are set in the 1960's.
 That is very interesting, he also plays the voice of Edna because the team couldn't find an actress who could do it better than him.
 I didn't know that, cool. Do you play video games?
 Yeah I did too, apparently it could only display 54 colors.
 That's cool, I didn't know he wanted to be an actor. Bill Nye the science guy won a lookalike contest. 
 I'm sure that is what it was, I mean what else can you do with a chicken? Wow, the ancient greeks comedians, I would love to see the stuff they did. 
 Did you ever see the green lantern? It was originally supposed to star Jack Black! 
 Wow, so cool! Comedy Central have cancelled over 100 shows. 
 I know, I can't believe they have been around that long either. Have you ever heard of the show, 3rd rock from the sun? 
 It was great talking to you!
 Yes.  I agree.  They did a movie where called DC Dream Day where they asked their favorite people in the area to how they would like to spend a perfect day in the district.  Have you seen it?  I haven't.
 I haven't had a chance to visit there yet.  I would like to go to one of the 3 major theaters - Imagination Stage, the Kennedy Center, and the Adventure Theater.  Have you been to any of those places?
 No not really I did go to the iPic theatre, that was a nice experience I saw a great movie too
 Nice!  Have you ever been to the National Building museum or the National Portrait Gallery?
 Me too!  Switching topics...kind of art related...have you ever seen the Incredibles 2?
 I did!  Hard to believe the first movie came out in 2004.  Seems like such a long time ago already.
 lol  Did you know that the present day events in the Incredibles are set in the 1960s?
 Yes.  I agree.  Were you ever a fan of nintendo? 
 yeah..they were pretty basic back then.  They stopped making them in Japan in 2003.  Did you ever watch Bill Nye the science guy>
 I didn't know that.  I'll have to check it out!  did you know he was discovered by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest! 
 Hi. You watch incredibles 2 movie?
 Havent seen it yet. My kids have though.
 I heard he did the voice for edna mode the costume designer in the movie.
 Thats true for the most part. So what other entertainment do you like.
 My entertainments are watching television, reading books. cycling.
 Sounds fun. What kind of movies you like.
 Oh yeah. My favorites are mostly comedies. 
 What is a crores
 Thats cool. Im not sure what crores is. Ill look it up later though.
 Really. I wouldnt have thought that to be honest. Wonder what was first.
 I have never saw the Washington dc.
 Okay. Then you see super troopers comedy movie. It was very comedy.
 Yeah it was very funny. Have a good one. Bye.
 I'm doing great! How are you?
 oh man i just saw it last week, I loved it! Have you?
 hahaha little did he know...
 It was great talking to you!
 You too!
 I havnt been there yet. I hear its pretty cool though.
 Probably. Dont know who would watch them lol
 Yeah my kids would love that stuff to. I dont know how much they would enjoy the monuments though.
 Sounds right to me. 
 We havnt seen it yet. I hear its good though. The kids loved the first one.
 They just saw the dvd of the incredibles. Did you know it is based in the 1960
 Yeah he voiced the ice man. Not sure if thats his actual name in the movie.
 Really, Im not to familiar with her work to be honest with you.
 Yeah I heard he did the voice for the storyboard but they couldnt find an actor to do it better.
 Oh. I think you are right about that. 
 It is certainly a very good time to be alive. Always something to watch or do. 
 Do you like watching comedies?
 I love them.  Did you know that Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since it was created in 1989?  
 Crazy.  Did you watch 3rd Rock from the Sun at all?
 I did.  It won a golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 I didn't know that either!  Did you know that the Green Lantern movie was originally going to be a comedy starring Jack Black?
 I did.  I can't believe it's been 15 years since the first one came out in 2004.
 It was funny for sure!  Did you know that the present day events of the Incredibles are set in the 1960's?
 That's interesting.  I wonder how the artists felt about that?
 I have never been there.  Have you?
 That sounds neat though.  You're lucky to have gotten that chance.
 I love watching comedies!  I would rather laugh more than anything.
 Nice chatting with you too!
 Yeah it is pretty cool that is one of the most popular attractions in the area, I loved it, you should go there soon
 Thats true. Plus they are usually very funny or action packed. My son loves them.
 Yes I do. I also like comedies. How bout you.
 Comedy is work generally intended to be humorous, stand-up comedy.
 Are you a fan of Jack Black I like his movies.
 Wow. Jack black supposed to be in the green lantern film. He was also in kung fu panda an animated film. 
 Amazing ! Kung fu panda is the most liked movie by main people around the world.
 I dont know if I would go that far. Its ok I guess. My son likes it
 Mainly sports and hanging with my kids. 
 Its really very amazing. Peoples attention is held by different hings, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognisable and familiar.
 I know right. Have you ever seen kunk fu hustle.
 The movie won "The supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
 I didnt know it won any award. I know Bill murray thought that about the film.
 Comedy is used in ancient Greece, to influences the public opinion of voter was influenced by the political satire performed by the comic poets.
 How interesting. Well you have a good one. Gotta go. Bye.
 Yeah totally agree. Entertainment was originally developed and existed in many forms and were even supported by Royal Courts so it was available to all citizens.
 Wow that is very ironic! Apparently the entertainment executive clearly didn't know what he was talking about!
 Wow yes they do. Chapelle show was one of my favorites. The green lantern film was originally going to star jack black. He is a funny guy that would have made it interesting!
 I heard they have 3 theaters that are amazing.
 Yhey also have a great sorbet near by
 Yes, they always update their flavors too!
 National Building Museum is also popular.
 I hope it is as great as I hear.
 I'm digging that Incredible 2. You seen it?
 Yeah, baby!  Craig T Nelson is my main man1
 Word. Could yo tell who Huckleberry Milner voiced?  What a name... Huckleberry!
 I genuflect before you. Did you play the sequel video game?
 You are the king (or Queen)!  So, what's the story with the voice of Edna?  
 Does he do the voice of Big Bird too?  LOL  I heard Sarah Vowell is not much of an actor, but she sure has the right name for a voice artist!
 Well, the Incredibles restored my faith in superheroes and you have restored my faith in Incredible fans!
 Thanks your words mean a lot  to me,I work hard to be the #1 fan everyday, I wish there were more movies though, 2 movies and a video game arent enough
 Yeah many in fact, Ratatouille, The Iron Giant and many more, Mission Impossible IV
 Wow!  Those are all good!  I don't suuppose he had anything to do with Bill Murray's favorite, Kung Fu Hustle?
 Not yet, but my curiosity is peaked!  Noce chatting with you!
 Yes i do!
 Yeah i did!  It's really good!  You should go and see it... it has a lot of comedy in it.
 Longgg time ago... that was a good show!
 I think people only know about groundhog day because of that movie. I sure did
 punxsutawney
  I agree.It looks interesting
 I would like to look around. The Museum would be a good place to start
 Yes. I think I would go to starbucks and Relax
 No, I could easily spend a week there.
 I would try the National Portrait gallery too
 Its part of the Smithsonian  with portraits of famous people 
  Yes It has a good reputation
 I love Asian food so hopefully is good, tofy is one of my favorite foods and on the plus side, its healthy
 I like Asian food too
 I like it because for me, its different.
 Yeah I love them how bout you.
 I watch them a lot, they're the most enjoyable genre for me.
 I am a Bill Murray fan, my favorite movie is Ghostbusters
 That was pretty good, his small role in Zombieland was also great.
 really, I will have to check it out. Do you recommend it.
 I would definitely recommend it, I usually turn it on when I see it on TV even though I have watched it a few times.
 Yeah they do make a good team. You never know, you might find it funny even though a critic didn't. Hope you enjoy Zombieland!
 i saw them change the guard in the cemetery that was amazing. it was a great experience.
 i did. i thought it was well done but i enjoyed the first one more. i did not now the director voiced edna mode.
 yes that man is just amazing in everything he does. good for him.
 Loved it. My favorite is a Bill Murray flick, Groundhog Day. Watch it every year, when a replay comes on around Feb. 2nd. Laugh all over again at the same wacky ways he acts.
 that is a great movie as well. i like that bill murray loves kung fu hustle. thats one of my favorites. kung fu movies arent everybodys thing though.
 excellent
 Maybe I should make a chicken watching games, and see if the Brits are still interested in it.  They've probably moved on from Caesars time
 My son is into this Fortnite game, just like every kid at the moment.  Now that is loud and shiny.
 I do like a good comedy movie.  Bill Murray is usually a good sign of it being worthwhile, even if his opinion are a little suspect.  
 I can't say that I've seen the Green Lantern, but I do like that School of Rock movie Jack Black was in.
 You too, hope you make it your perfect day.
 That's cool. Thanks for your service. I was in the Marine Corps from 2004-2008. 
 It was great talking to you!
 yeah woulda been better huh?
 did you ever watch monty python? That was a silly show! I did not know that the creator of the python language named it after monty python.
 It was good talking to you - take care!
 That's a unique way of looking at it. There's even public traded companies that stemmed from social media! It really has changed, I also do like the widespread of internet access, it makes accessing information so useful but at the same time, there is also information overload.
 Haha, the occasional treat never hurts, I do spoil my dogs with scrambled eggs mixed with sausage at times too, about once a week and they really like that. Of course, I think people discuss all types of topics on reddit, I think the first post was actually related to something unimportant too.
 Have a great day! I need to get started as well.
 HA! Those were certainly something. A lot of my friends had them.
 I agree! I'm getting the urge to explore some of the many subbredits dedicated to dogs now.
 Nie chatting with you!
 I do like dogs!  Did you know that they are not color blind as many people think they are?
 I like how google prefers dogs to cats as their code of conduct states they are a dog company.
 I didn't.  How interesting.  Dogs were the first species to be domesticated.
 I've never really used it.  I see they are worth $1.8 billion though so wow....they must be doing something right.
 Nice.  I'll have to go find the page that sums up 25 of the kindest deeds ever done on Reddit.
 I wonder too.  The Redditor has a nice ring to it!
 Nice!  lol  Surprisingly, only 0.53 percent of the people who visit Reddit actually participate in voting for content.
 Ha!  I just discovered what a hamburger button is!  Do you know what it is?  It has to do with the internet....
 Hello!  Just got back from taking my dog for a walk.
 You might be right and I can always check the internet to confirm.
 Probably Al Gore, just kidding.
 Great chat!
 That is always good. Nice chat
 That was extremely nice of her. It's great to see people of means do things like that to help. 
 That's true.  You know she comes from a wealthy family and lived on an 11 acre tree farm growing up.
 Ha ha yes it is. You can even get 3G up there. 
 Somewhat.  I liked her earlier songs.  She removed her music from Spotify because she said "music should not be free"
 Taylor Swift once accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and topped the Canadian itunes charts. lol
 That's interesting!  I've always thought that if you're a performer, in the public eye, and you rely on fans for your career that you shouldn't act like that.  She wouldn't be where she's at if it wasn't for the spotlight.
 I think it's because she's becoming more of like a cheesy pop artist and getting away from her country roots.
 I'm a big music fan so I like it all, but I do lean more to liking her earlier material better.  She was more down to earth than to.  Now she owns a Dassault Falcon 900 private jet that cost around $40 million and an airport hangar at the Nashville international airport.  I think everything has gone to her head now.
 Nice!  Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago!  Amazing they can gather that kind of data.
 Interesting!  When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long!
 Me too.  On a sad note more than 80 percent of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Have a great night!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 NO WAY lol... some devoted fans in Canada then :)
 I feel the same way. I do respect Taylor Swift though. She has accomplished so much in her young life-she was the youngest person to single handedly write and perform a number one Hot Country Songs chart.
 Maybe we should join the Boys scouts of America and begin working on our merit badge in Chess?
 That is because players identify with the pawns, which originally each were named after a common profession. I guess people get despondent once they learn that they are all pawns in somebody else's game. I wonder which one was The Blogger?
 Amazing facts indeed, and interesting to learn. Like when my reality was shattered to learn that the most requested song on a Chicago-based alternative radio station was sung by Hanson. True, the listeners were not told the name of the band responsible, but it certainly makes one think...
 Radio Nazis... I like the old days, where the most poplar radio show was done by a ventriloquist. If that formula was duplicated today, Achmed the Terrorist would have his one show.
 Electromagnetic storms from Jupiter would be an improvement over some stations I hear on the radio these days. I liked the old radio shows, like the old 1970s Fantastic Four radio show, when Bill Murray played the role of The Human Torch!
 Get pregnant, although each syllable he utters are pregnant with impending laughter so, he's git that going for him. He kind of sings like Bing Crosby too. In 1948, BC was responsible for filling 50% of the radio air time, so I guess people are pre-disposed to the sound of his voice.
 Sounds like something Bill Murray would do. A dangerous endeavor should you find yourself with a dull blade. Is being able to do this a prerequisite to becomiing a Governor of Kentucky, like Not participating in a duel? 
 Ah,, but did she have a pool shaped like here home state like the Governor of Oklahoma? I think not grasshopper.
 That seems sadly true in most cases. Well, thanks for sharing. I learned a lot.
 I also liked how the opponent did not bash him on it. She acknowleged it and asked how to move on. What other facts?
 Yeah. To lighten up a little... Canada's first official paper money was playing cards that were cut into shapes and signed by the governor. 
 Wow! That's so great. If only that was passable now...
 There would be so many counterfiets... Here's a random payment with a 6 of hearts... That, in order to become governor of kentucky, one must have never participated in a duel.
 That is interesting. The brain works in very interesting ways.
 that is interesting I'll keep that in mind, did you know that Tupac danced in ballet when he was in school? I bet whoever has a tape of that is sitting on a fortune haha
 ya that is a good point that sounds expensive! I guess that babies will start to dance whenever they hear music and they will smile when they move to the beat of music, I would love to see that in person
 I guess we all have music in our blood, Bruce Lee was also a great dancer.
 It seems like we have different tastes then, I love Linkin Park, rock music. Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park is one of my favorite albums
 Yeah and also richer than Bruce Wayne, I thought that was impossible lol, who is richer than Batman.
 Any plans this summer 
 Hey. Just relax and travel maybe. I want to learn to dance. It would be cool to do the moonwalk which was developed in 1955.
 Oh yea i was thinking the same. I would have to see if i could make it to d.c on August 24 to also see the film festival 
 Yes! And it sounds like fun plus only $4 a beer win win
 That would be a great idea. And the music you would dance to sounds like it would be nice. And prices aren't bad at all.
 Yeah for the weekend events it's less than 20 bucks. Cheaper for seniors and children!
 Oh that does sound good. But give me a turkey leg and I'll be good. Itll be lots of fun seeing everyone in costume 
 That's too funny. Its surprising how dance helps make an impression. I cant believe someone like Bruce Lee danced.
 Yeah, I haven't either but it seems fun. There is also an Outdoor Film Festival that raises money for charity.
 Yes, you're right. The screen is nine stories high and 52 feet wide. So you can watch  comfortably from anywhere on the lawn. They are going to play big hits like Black Panther and Lion King.
 Yeah, I'd be sure to buy food and alcohol, ya know, to benefit the charities ;)
 Speaking of alcohol, there is also a Beer-Lympics taste test at the Renaissance Hotel.
 Sorry, I meant Glen's Garden Market. Maybe you can get some Modelo while going to the world's largest bachata festival! That is at the Renaissance hotel.
 You can do beer trivia.
 Hmm, not sure what kind of workshops but maybe you can learn new types of dance. The daytime events are for profesional dancers but at night they are open for everyone.
 I'm not sure but there will be some performances by well known dancers!
 That's funny.  Tupac was a ballet dancer in high school, and was in their production of The Nutcracker.
 I can't either. It's cute that babies dance when they hear music, and smile when they find the beat.
 In my opinion they did the character justice with Hopkins. The only major difference I can recall is that he has six fingers on his left and red eyes which isn't a huge deal all things considered. The finger thing has a small subplot in another story, but even then...nothing major. 
 Yes I did! I've managed to see almost all the marvel movies except Ant Man. 
 haha, yes! He might actually have to sleep upside down in the batcave by comparion!
 I found it great that there was finally some diversity in the comic hero world with Black Panther; too many buff white guys
 ...I actually didn't see that one yet. I really want to, I think it's next on my day off 'to rent' list. Is it any good? I did see the Justice League though\
 I have no idea but I bet it is something funny. Nice chatting with you.
 Hi Are you a big fan of Netflix!  I love to bin watch it during the winter.
 Do you watch youtube?  Netflix and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  I binge a lot of shows as well.  
 They do have.  I'm currently in the middle of watching Blacklist on there.  Not a Netflix original.  I love that show.  Wish I would have discovered it sooner.  I still can't believe that Blockbuster passed up the chance to buy Netflix.
 I didn't know that.  I wonder if the late fees were from Blockbuster?  lol  That would be funny.
 Lol. It would be. Did you know that Tom Hanks is the all-time highest grossing box office star? $8.5 billion worldwide... Wonder how much of that comes from residuals on Netflix!
 lol probably a lot. That's a lot of money.  I love Tom Hanks.  I find it funny he always ends his emails with a pun.
 And he is such a nice guy, he personally refunded the price of a couple's movie tickets because they were disappointed in Larry Crowne. 
 Awesome!  He refuses to play bad guy roles in films, which is interesting.  He got his start not far from where I live in Cleveland Ohio.
 That is cool. I loved him in A League of Their Own. "There
 I loved that movie and I surprisingly really loved him doing the voice of Sheriff Woody in the Toy Story movies.
 (Sorry about the short message, my finger hit enter!!). I have a hard time picturing Woody voiced by anyone else. I loved him in Cast Away. He lost so much weight making that movie. Gave the film a lot of depth.
 Yes!  That was a great movie.  A lot of people bag on it and I don't get it.  Did you like him in Saving Mr. Banks?
 Yes.  He was the first actor ever to play Walt Disney in a mainstream film.  I think he's working on a Mr. Rogers movie that's supposed to come out this fall where he plays Mr. Rogers.
 Interesting. I can see him playing Mr. Rogers. I don't watch that many movies (at least recently). I spend more time playing video games. I've logged a number of hours on Xbox, PlayStation, and Nintendo. Did you know the original Nintendo Entertainment system was only discontinued in 2003?
 Nice!  I didn't know it went that long.  I had the original one that displayed only 54 colors.  Then I had kids and we progressed right through the systems...lol  Super Nintendo, Game Cube, Wii, Playstation lol  I don't think they ever had xbox.
 Lol. I never owned a PlayStation, just played on friends. My kids played Duck Hunt on my NES until 2015! Now, I just play on my PC. My kids are always on their phones. Who would have thought we would have access to an arcade worth of games on a calculator sized device? 
 Classic!  First game I ever played.  I can't believe your system still was going strong then.  Crazy!  ..and you're right about the phones!  hahaha  It's been fun chatting with you!  Thanks for the Nintendo Duck Hunt flash back!
 wow. i knew that netflix takes up 33 percent of the bandwidth in the evening, but the youtube stat is news to me
 no...just poking fun of them. nintendo was discontinued in 2003
 it's like being the movie studio that denies a role to ronald reagan because he doesn't look presidential
 yeah...i guess he wants to keep a good guy image. maybe he should do bill nye the science guy
 well, nye;s a nice guy...looks like steve martin
 bosom buddies. played a guy dressed like a girl. now he's doing astronauts...apollo 13
 it was silly. like big bang theory
 well, the big bang is the beginning of everything. or at least thats what bill nye says
 Tom Hanks has been in some of the greatest movies ever.
 I use it mostly to rewatch shows. Im not crazy about some of their stuff, but I do have some favorites that I always go to. What about you?
 I have seen it. I really love Forrest Gump. He can be so many characters
 No I have not. Have you seen a league of their own? that one gets me in the end 
 I like music and tv. Whats your favorite tv show?
 I love Golden Girls. I used to watch it with my grandma when i was a kid
 Yeah she was perfect for it!
 Thanks you too!
 That's very interest. I am in to some types of rap.Did you know before eminem became a rapper he wanted to be a comic book artist?
 I'm sure he could probably do it now if he wanted. That is funny, quite the opposite of America.
 I actually remember that movie and the song! I think the movie was full of adult humor like that. 
 I don't think I ever have! It seems only about 7 percent of people do. I'm glad i'm not alone!
 I didn't know that, I wonder who named it. There is internet service on Mt, everest. 
 Yes, it's a 3g cell service.  You know, to order that pizza once you've climbed to the top... That's crazy.
 Lol! Have you ever been to New zealand? 
 I think it was, I think the hobbit hole is there as well. Crocodiles are more related to birds then they are lizards. 
 I think they recently put a copy in there. I'm not exactly sure. Did you know there are legless lizards?
 That's pretty cool, I don't think ive ever even seen one. Or maybe I just thought it was a snake! lol
 Yeah, i'm nice and content with snakes on the ground. Did you know monkeys are afraid of snakes too?
 Hi there. Hope you are having a great evening! Are you watching Netflix?
 I don't know! My family certainly helps make up the 33% of bandwidth used here in the States between 9pm and 12 am. Well, we don't stay up that late so mostly closer to the 9 pm group!
 I can't imagine not having it around. Between Netflicks and YouTube they have  half the peak traffic in North America, and that certainly holds true in our home. We also stream YouTube videos for so much! 
 My kids did, years ago! They were really simple compared to today's systems. 54 colors and the graphics were pretty simple too.
 yes, I've had crocodile before, and apparently they are more related to birds than snakes or lizards, I can definitely tell you that they taste like chicken haha
 I am the same way, however, I do like the music of Sara Bareilles, so it may be because of that that I would want to see the musical "Waitress" that she performs in.
 Exactly! Surprising that Jon Hamm also taught drama at his old high school and that one of his students was Ellie Kemper and Erin from the office. I like Ellie Kemper, I like her skits that she does on the Ellen Show, have you seen it?
 She played Erin Hannon on the office, she displays so much positivity and her bubbly personality can sure turn a frown upside down!
 Right, I bet yes still.  Anyways, it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 Exactly. Nice chat :)
 Hello.  How are you?  Have you seen the musical Waitress?  I haven't but I love Sara Bareilles.  
 I'm doing well.  I've heard the music is pretty amazing in the show and I love theater in general so I totally think it's worth checking out.  Do you enjoy theater?
 I do like theater, I should have gone into acting for the reason Michael Caine did (he said he went into because thats where the prettiest girls were haha)
 Haha... maybe!!  It can be tough to make it big in entertainment but if you do it certainly pays off!  Look at Hugh Laurie's earnings!
 Ya 700k per episode is crazy, I see thats the most paid per episode, but I wonder if that accounts for inflation or not? I bet Seinfeld was possibly paid more when adjusted for inflation, but idk Id have to look it up
 Ya you have to build up calluses on your hands, it kind of sucks, thats why I like piano haha, I didn't know there's a Guiness record for most guitar smashes, that seems so wasteful
 Nice talking to you today.  Take care.
 Some times it might be best if the news did that now.  Some people get so worked up about it.  Some relaxing piano might everyone more happy.
 Not really, used to live in DC where it was more available.  The most I watch now is school performances.  My daughter is in a version of Annie Get You gun soon
 That's how I do it too. Well, it was very good talking to you today. Have a great rest of your day.
 lol hello,  Yes I love dogs!  We just recued one from the pound not too long ago. 
 Well they dont really know what that is,  they just know they feel a pinch.  So I dont think they are happy or sad about it lol 
 Cool. I like that Istanbul is trying to help dogs while collecting recyclable bottles.
 Yes,  dogs are amazing.  truly are mans best friend. She is my fifth doggy.   
 You should write a book about your dogs. Well, I've enjoyed talking!
 Dr Suess is my favorite!! Love everything about those books! 
 Haha! Right? I share the same birthday with him lol...not the year though. Do you have any favorite Albums? I love Pink Floyd forever lol
 Great Albums! I loved the concert I went to a few years back to see Aerosmith, I can't believe they are still going strong. But I love all genre's of music.
 ooooh Aerosmith,  I loved one of their albums too.  I can totally believe they are going strong,  they have so many hits!  And so many fans that will support them.
 Definitely! I remember when I first heard them, I have been a fan for many years. I saw Pink Floyd too in concert it's hard to believe 40 years ago they released The Dark Side of the Moon.
 Wow,  hard to believe how time flies.  I dont really keep up with music or go to concerts.  Anytime I hear a song on pandora I just download it.  You are obviously a pink floyd fan,  how many of their concerts have you been to?
 I don't go to concerts much anymore but throughout my life I have seen all of my favorite bands. Yes Pink Floyd is a favorite but their concerts were hard to get tickets for so I only went one time but happy I did. I love my music!
 He was in Soundgarden....Audioslave....Temple of The Dog
 HAHAHA, I know some of the songs have a lot of secret meanings. He had a great voice though. He sang with Eddie Vedder in Hunger strike album.
 I know what you mean, but I write poetry but self taught non published...just do it to get my thoughts out...and I turned one into a song that a local band here in town recorded it and sing it at their shows, pretty cool lol. And pumped up kicks is very sad! Love the tune though.
 Wow thats awesome!  congradulations!
 Thanks!
 What band is it and what type of music ?
 It is a small gig band and they never made it big or anything. There name is Oral Groove and it was a song about losing the love of your life .....a soft rock song....called Forever After.
 Omg....whats a cassette???  lol jk.  Thats funny because the other day I was cleaning out my ants closet and found Harry Potter on VHS,  my nephew says"  what is that?"
 HAHHAAAA,Wow, vhs! That seems like a long long time ago!!!  Well I have had the best time chatting! Thank you!
 Thanks,  have a good day!
 You too!!
 Thanks.
 That's a lot!  The Dark Side of the Moon has been popular a very long time being a top seller for 40 years as of 2014
 If I'm correct, that was 2001. I actually saw them that year!
 Definitely. I loved seeing them outdoors. Outdoor concerts have so much personality.
 Yeah, I heard he wrote a 224 word palindrome poem. It's pretty clever!
 Yeah, I appreciate people who use linguistics in their humor!
 Yeah I guess LOTR is a more violent series, another great book is Hey Kiddo my kid loved that one
 Hello Do you know Factual section?
 i don't know please tell me 
 That means If something is factual, it can be proven, like your mother's story about the bear that is factual because she took a picture of it standing next to the family car. Something factual is real. It is based in fact, meaning it can be proven, repeated or observed.
 OK very interesting 
 Do you have dogs in your home?
 yes i love dogs u
 do u know the factual section 2 dance
 Yes, i know and i like dance.
 yes i like dance.Dance is a performing art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement. 
 You're right, Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, or by its historical period or place of origin.
 Are you a dancer?
 ok u know the factual section 3 fantasy
 I don't know much about Fantasy. Do you know about fantasy?
 yes,Fantasy is a genre of speculative fiction set in a fictional universe, often without any locations, events, or people referencing the real world. Its roots are in oral traditions,
 Oh, that's great. I was very interesting to chat with you.
 same feel 
 ok have a nioce
 Okay thank you.
 That is surprising! I wonder how they were able to advertise it back then. I do love Pink Floyd and I'm glad that dark side of the moon is still a best-selling album
 Hi, no have not seen it but I would love to. What about you?
 I think I will also enjoy the music, jazz -blues from a composer Terrence Howard!
 All the time, I remember many years ago when rotaty phones were used, and there was only one phone in my house.
 Yes, I would not have thought there is a reason for that but It is because it is the fastest to dial on a rotary phone
 That is crazy! You know another movie I want to watch is the Black Panther of 2018, it is based on Marvel character
 Yes he is worth more than 5 times what Bruce Wayne is worth $500 billion
 I found very interesting a great part of Black Panther's cast is black
 It is so cool he too advantage of the chance he had and he was able to publicly thank Washington
 That is right, also, the character appeared in a Capitan american movie in 2016, I would definetely check that one too.
 There are some symbos used in the movie that date back to the 4th century , cool details. Well nice chatting with you. Have a good one
 That would be really cool, getting to listen in to radio waves from another planet
 I've never used a rotary phone - at least, not a real one. I've used a toy rotary phone as a kid though. Hard to imagine they lay phone lines on the ocean floor for international calls.
 Yeah, it's because the ICBM department uses really old computers so they can't be hacked. Though it might be an excuse for the government to same money on buying computers.
 Thanks, nice chatting with you too.
 hey how are you today?
 YA we will see how it goes, well it was great talking with you!
 Wow that's impressive! did you hear about the identical twins from Japan? They released a rap album when they turned 100 I wonder if that's on the charts LOL
 LOL I hope so. But I know that Walmart only stocks "clean"versions of albums so you might be out of luck there LOL
 Yes, I think at this point it's worth even more than that, and I wish that they still did the free Whopper Facebook promotion, I would gladly unfriend 10 people to get a free Whopper right now LOL
 Do you like dance? I like watching the beautifully choreographed moves, but am not a good dancer myself.
 Haha that is funny. And you didn't have his special patented device I assume.
 I see that a lot. I work at a children's hospital. We have these new infant warmer/incubators in our NICU that you can hook your phone or MP3 player to. It's so cute seeing the babies move around and dance when the parents play music.
 Have a good one!
 Hi! Do you like to read? I think it's great because it provides an escape.
 My favorite are the Ushanka fur hats that keep your ears warm if you fold down the flap!
 hello how are you?
 I thought that is who you meant. I loved the Hobbit. So different than other stories out there.
 And the cha-cha at that! Out of all the dances in the world, he must have really liked the beat.
 I wonder if he would give my jackson a run for his money even with his patented shoes?
 lol, it was nice talking to you
 I do! He's really awesome of course. I'm very happy they're making a Space Jam sequel to, and he's going to be in it
 He must have been amazing even in high school haha! He also seems like a nice guy, he gave $6 to a charity
 Yep he definitely is rolling in money haha. I love that you turned down the 10 million dollar offer, only to be offered the 90 million and accepted a year later that's smart
 No I don't really watch it. I don't really like soccer personally. I guess at the United States isn't very good right now? I know that they did win third place in the first FIFA World Cup though
 I agree! So many young people look up to him and other basketball stars
 There are thirty teams in the US and one in Canada.It is considered the best Basketball league in the world.
 I agree.Only Judge Judy who makes 123,000 an episode is a higher paid celebrity than Lebron James.
 I guess later on the same year Lebron turned down the 10 million offer he accepted a deal from Nike for 90 million.
 Totally!
 Hey! So are you into Basketball, I am a LEBRON fan!
 Oh, cool. I am too. Yeah, basketball is great. I like the NBA mostly. 
 I like the NBA, especially the granny style shooting technique lol
 I am a Thunder fan so I have mixed feelings about Durant.lol
 That is awesome, he is an amazing player and person. Really like the guy. He is often talked about as being the best NBA basketball player ever.
 Oh wow, that is a huge life changing choice for sure. So are you a football fan 
 Man, thats cool. Good chatting with ya.
 You too! I must go read up on my Football news lol....Have a great day!
 Do you ever use Library Genesis? The main site was shut down in most countries, but there are a lot of mirrors. I can find a free pdf of just about any academic book out there.
 LOL. 
 At least until some other systemic stuff makes their profit unsupportable and leads to positive change, I hope. Nice chatting!
 And set off a trend that makes me go, "I know that voice, who is it?" during animated movies. Still, it might be nice to be famous so I could go in the secret Pixar room!
 I love the idea of a compliment battle. I think it's quite sweet. There's a lot of great rap out there; it's just underground. I love the creativity and quick wittedness of freestyling. It's crazy hard to do.
 One has to stay the king somehow. Some of the shows being produced strictly for Amazon Studios are brilliant, though. I'd like to thank them for Patriot and The Grand Tour.
 You bring up a valid point. Celebrities often do good. The Ethiopian celebrity chef is trying to combat the countries hunger problem!
 Agreed. I think amazon should invent a sports drink lol. Maybe not. They are so rich right now. Bezos is buys building clocks in mountains!
 Hello how are you.
 I wish I had to. a google search requires more computer power than it took to send neil armstrong and company to the moon.
 It certainly doesn't sound good. I guess goole used goats to mow the grass instead of hiring people. I think they could aford to give someone a job.
 All the time. Especially around christmas. I get all kinds of deals for the kids .
 I don't remember that. I remember when Jeff Bezos built that clock that is supposed to run for 10000 years though
 Thank you, and thank you again. Have a good one.
 Not daily but a couple of hours a day, you know Burger King had a great promotion in Facebook.
 I have one in each room. I love Google services like docs and hangouts. Do you use google ?
 Yes, I do. A lot! So glad the amazon rainforest got $1 billion from the norwegian government!
 the norwegian government cares a lot about the earth.
 lol. Well they are helping the norwegian government save the earth by using goats
 Thats google for you. They control everything with Jeff Bezos.
 lol I have learned a lot with you good night
 Absolutely!!! Now that might be a good idea. Well. It's been fun chatting. Have a good night.
 I am a big dancer how about you?
 Did you know ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes a week?
 I know! isn't it kind of interesting how babies are able to dance to a beat with out being taught it?
 I prefer pants, except for Mc Hammer pants!
 Probably not often. I heard Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammers!
 It really is and I'm sure they were! That happened back in 2013 not sure if it's happened since.
 Yes good question. Not much you can do with desert! One cool thing the Norwegian government did was donate $1 billion for rainforest preservation! Well it really was lovely chatting with you this evening.
 It's been great chatting!
 You too.
 I am very political on Twitter, lol. I love reminding people that "red" and "blue" for party identity only started in 2000.
 Larry! His twitter is@number10cat Of course, the humans behind it don't like Theresa May. I don't understand how the prime minister position works in Britain. It sounds so complicated.
 Of course, the best one. In typical Fox fashion, it was to stop them from parodying it's anti-dem agenda, lol
 Yeah it seem 15% of them, pretty good chunk. 
 I love tom hanks. Do you like him?
 Kind of sounds like Philedelphia! But the other side of the law.
 He was originally cast as mario in super mario brothers. Can you imagine him in that role?
 I am not sure I saw that one. Did you see it? I did see toy story. I love that movie.
 I know. There should be a "be careful so you don't hit a pedestrian" mode!
 Ditto! Nice chatting with you.
 Bohemian Rhapsody was a classic song.  Did you know that Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude?
 I wish I could have at least been outside the perimeter looking in!
 Nice! I'm more interested in listening to a rap album released by 100 year old Japanese twins.
 Me too! Do you have any vinyls still?  I still have some audio tapes which are sentimental to me.  But sales mostly today are focused on CD and MP3 formats
 I do not have any vinyls. Yeah, I grew up in the audio tape generation. I used to buy singles on cassettes.
 It's a changed world with all the media exposure.  Nice talking to you!
 No, Do you like Tom Hanks?
 Sure! I loved him in the movie "Big"
 I liked big as well. Turner & Hooch was my least favorite of his movies.
 It doesn't seem like it's been that long. I think it's neat he won't play bad guys.
 Yeah, although he has a way of being lovable and menacing at the same time with his loud expressive voice in the Toys series of movies.
 I didn't know that he was the voice for Sheriff Woody in Toy Story, my kids love it.
 Absolutely. I even enjoyed him in the movie, Larry Crowne. Funny that Hanks once refunded the ticket price for a dissatisfied viewer of that movie.
 I haven't seen Larry Crowne. I enjoyed A league of Their Own, 
 Lots of gems in the Hanks arsennal. One of his best was the movie, Castaway, where he was the sole actor for most of the movie. 
 Yes, that was good. It was funny and kind of cool how he talked to those balls.
 Wilson! Yup, no surprise that Hanks is the highest all-time box-office star!
 Have you ever seen The Green Mile?
 Yes! I try to watch it every year. Still hoping to get to that mouse circus in Florida some day and watch a mouse drive a car.  You know in Australia it is illegal to equip a vehicle with flame flowers? But not at the mouse circus!.
 Really, I thought it was wild that McDonlads added the drive thru for soldiers who couldn't get out because they were in their fatigues,
 Cool!  Tome Hanls worn fatigues in the movie, Saving Private Ryan, I meant to write "flame throwers" earlier, not "flame flowers" ...Auto spell-check strickes again!
 That was a good movie, but it was so long.
 The Hanks movie, Allo 13, was long too, but I loved every minute. ANd as an aastronaut, he could have voted while in outer space!
 Wasn't Apollo 13 based on a true story?
 It sure was! But it is safe to say the 1984 movie, Splash, was not a true story. There are no real mermaids in hollywood.
 Yea, it would be wild to see a real mermaid, Wonder how he can always end a email with a pun.
 Sounds neat, but who has access to every one of his emails every written? It's been nice chatting!
 Yeah they are on completely different level, its been great chatting I agree, have a nice day, its time for lunch bye. 
 I agree!  I can't believe that they were created around 1700 by Bartolomeo  Cristofoir!
 I know right?  On April 18, 1930 the BBC decided there was no news worth reporting so they just broadcast piano music instead.  No news is good news!
 Who would have known that?  I can't picture his grumpy looking face doing his best Schroeder (from Charlie Brown) impression. lol
 I do love going to them.  Not as much as I used to though.  I agree.  I do though like when they actually play the music and not have recordings playing to fill out the sound.  ... or even help with singing. 
 Oh man...I'm surprised they didn't sue the band. lol  The Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts over a 20 year span.  That's a lot of shows over a long time.
 They must already be filthy rich.  That's crazy to turn down that much money.  That would set their families up for the next few generations at least.
 That's pretty loud!  Holy moly!  Do you have any favorite albums?
 Hmmm....that's a tough call.  I'm fond of my early albums still.  It would have to be a Partridge family record I got.  It was the first one I ever had!  lol
 That is great.  The classics never go out of style!  Bob Marley has been on the album charts for over 914 weeks!
 That's incredible.  Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 after being released over 40 years earlier.  Right up there with Bob Marley!
 Pretty soon we won't be able to buy music at Walmart.  I've watched my local walmart shrink their cd aisle down to one itty bitty 6 foot section now.  I had a good time chatting with you!
 Haha, yup.  It was great chatting with you too, have a good one!
 That's why they wear uniforms?
 Have you seen one of the japanese games? They are super fun and the fans never sit down. It's crazy! The players are stars too. They enjoy playing the game.
 I have not. I would love to go but I am a little afraid of foreign cultures. Have you been?
 Yeah. I am 6'6" and I think I would be stared at. I get stared at here so I can only imagine. My Mexican friend's family are so intrigued and a little scared of me. His mom is like 5'1". I am a giant compared to his family!
 Probably. Too bad I am nothing but tall! If I could only monetize my height, besides little people asking me to get the cereal on the top shelves at the grocery store...
 I do not want to get crossed over by RBG so I will pass. Losing to to the justices would be so embarassing.
 Yea, I didn't realize he had the highest worldwide earnings in film - $8.5 billion!
 Yea, and I assume he must have a lot of pride in his work. He's had enough great performances though - especially when he played Walt Disney. I'm surprised it was the first time any actor portrayed him in a film.
 Same to you! You know, Tom Hanks can almost always end his emails with a pun. Too bad we can't do the same! Ha!
 Yea, I had to think about that one. I guess it means he can always say T. Hanks!
 It was lovely speaking with you! Merry Christmas!
 hello,  do you vote?
 It was nice chatting with you too. Have a nice weekend!
 Nobody knew the power of the Internet. Myspace least of all. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 I think so.  They have 137 million world wide subscribers now!
 Their fist one was Lilyhammer, but now they have a lot of good ones like The Ranch and Stranger Things (which is good...kind of like a Goonies type show).
 It's awesome for watching old shows.  We binge watch a lot during the winter.  It's nice to catch old shows you might have missed when they were out.
 I do use Amazon. I have Prime.  Use it for the packages and you also get Amazon Prime video with it which is just like Netflix.
 It's good and bad.  Nice that you can now get packages delivered any day of the week.  Even on Sundays because they have a contract with the US postal service to deliver their packages on Sundays.  Bad because I think we're going to see brick and mortar stores closing at a faster pace within the next few years.  
 Oh yeah...they got their fingers everywhere now.  Did you know they have owned IMDB since 1998?  Probably got that site so they could direct people to Amazon to buy the movies. lol
 It does!  I can't believe how far it's come since it was created around 30 years ago.  I remember going to the video rental stores to rent VHS tapes.  Now I just have to click the remote and watch either Netflix or Amazon.  I kind of miss going to the video stores though.  It was somewhat exciting to take the family out on a Friday night and load up on movies to watch for the weekend.
 We go out to dinner now in place of the movie rental.  lol  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Absolutely. And it's Friday! Great night to eat out. My pleasure talking w/you. Cheers!
 You know it!  Have a good one!
 Hi there!  Do you like guitars?
 I love listening to them too!  Did you know that Eddie Van Halen recorded the guitar solo for Michael Jackson's Beat It?
 That probably gives him a unique sound?  He also has a phd in astrophysics.  Incredible.
 I'm not sure.  I haven't seen the movie yet.  I'm kind of thinking not because from what I know about the movie they don't cover everything.  The movie ends with their performance at Live Aid but the band still was active after that.  Maybe they did that to leave room for a sequel?
 Maybe, I dont know.  It's on my list of "Films to See" though.  Personally, one of my favorite Queen albums is A Kind of Magic, it wasn't their most popular one though, but still... had a lot of good tunes!  
 Yes!  I agree!  I got into them kind of late.  A guitarist from Pink Floyd once turned a houseboat on the River Thames into a floating recording studio.  I bet that was fun to record on.
 I wonder if recording on the water gave the music a unique sound.  Here's a nutty stat: Matthew Bellamy from Muse holds the record for most guitars smashed on a tour... dunno off-hand how many he smashed though, I'd have to google it..
 He must have had a good endorsement deal!  lol  Switching gears....did you know the first American car available to the masses was the Model T built by Ford in 1908?
 Yeah, I heard about that... I remember Ford famously said, "They can have any car color they want so long as it's black!"  LOL.  
 lol  The old cars a long time ago used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them and that's how the back of a car became to be known as a trunk.  Interesting.
 Hahaha  That would be nuts.  Cadillac was named after the french explorer who was the founder of Detroit - Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac.  I never knew that.
 That's pretty neat.  Thanks!  The first patent for a car was in 1886.  I didn't realize it was that early.
 Jumping track a bit, are you a fan of wrestling?  I used to watch it a lot when I was younger, but haven't for awhile now.  But I am familiar with some of the stars and stuff...
 I used to watch it back in the 80s before it exploded in popularity.  The Turkish national sport is oil wrestling where they douse themselves in olive oil and then wrestle!  lol  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Same here, have a good one
 You ever seen the Hotel Transylvania series?  It's not too bad, it's about a vampire that runs a hotel for monsters and his daughter falls in love with a human, and all kinds of wackiness ensues.  Adam Sandler does the voice of Dracula.
 Good Afternoon!  I've seen all of them - my kids love the series and I thought they were pretty good too!  Great voice cast 
 Oh, you got kids?  They'd probably also like the Tales of Captain Underpants Netflix series. I heard it's pretty funny, but haven't seen it personally myself. 
 Me, I would pass... I don't really seek the spotlight in that sort of way anymore.  Although a statue of myself somewhere would be nice... LOL
 Nice! A statue!  Awesome - hey it was great chatting with you today, very excellent! 
 That is funny!  Not for those being censored, but to us, you bet! The Norwegian Gov donated a billion bucks to help save the amazon rain forest.  Who do they pay?
 That could work. Unless that dude from France, who posed as a member of government and sold the Eiffel Tower, if he comes to the states, he might sell Las Vegas...
 Always... Congress has never said NO to anything. Not like good old Teddy Roosevelt, the conservationist! He said NO to Christmas trees in the White house!  Finally, someone in Washington that said NO!
 That's wild.  And they are still using floppy disks too!  Go figure!
 Floppy disk?!  I dont think they have used those since Jimmy Carter was in the White House in 1977.
 Yeah, but maybe the fad is returning...like solar panels, which George W Bush put back on the White House?
 You know, they have twin versions of the White Hose in Ireland and France?  I wonder if they are sporting solar panels too?
 Cool. I'd live there. Is that when the house in Gone with the Wind burned down?
 Hey, It would be great if all the people in the White House were required to dress in Pilgrim outfits--the black and white ones used for special occasions!
 Yeah. And I have another idea on how we could close the national debt...We make the White House gift shop do the same thing a store in Alabama does--only sell items found in unclaimed baggage at the airport.  Free inventory!
 Let's do it!  Nice chatting with you!
 Haha that's a good point. If you can sell an Eiffel Tower, he can definitely sell some open desert land. He could even sell some Amazon rainforest potentially, cuz I know that Norway government donated like a billion dollars to that cause
 Yeah you know there's something good in there haha. And hopefully it's cheap. Would you ever wear a pilgrim outfit by the way? Apparently the black outfits that you normally see were only worn for special occasions
 Yeah, Amazon probably doesn't even carry them anymore! There was one president who got with times and that's George W. Bush who had solar panels installed on the back of the white house.
 I still have to watch that one myself, but anyways, it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Although sometimes I do think, "All this knowledge available on the internet and I'm using to watch cat videos..."  LOL
 Yes it was great chatting with you as well!!!
 You have a nice night as well
 Bye!
 I know that its the 3rd planet from the Sun and the only planet to harbor life.
 I'm happy to report that the quake caused little damage because it was 76 miles beneath the Earth's surface.
 Correct. I believe everything happens for a reason and that God has protected us many times over here on Earth in more ways that we don't even realize.
 You're correct. Water is a must to sustain any kind of life in any planet.
 It was great chatting with you as well. You have a nice day!!!
 Hello! Did you know Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for just 75 million in early 2005.
 Hello!  Wow did they miss the boat on that.  Bet whoever made the decision regrets it!
 Holy smokes!  Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on Facebook you got a free whopper.  Wonder how many people took them up on it?
 I wish I knew about it.  I would have done the same thing.  lol  Facebooks "like" button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.  Wonder why?
 I don't really dance, but I like watching youtube videos of dancing sometimes! 
 I can't dance either.  I try though at weddings etc. lol  Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958?
 Who would have thought that?  Interesting.  Michael Jackson has a patent for a device that helped him get that extreme lean he had in some of his dance moves.
 That's very interesting. He was a very good dancer! Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week! I'm sure that can get very costly!
 I usually wear hats when its cold, but not much outside of that. Tipping of ones hat originates from knights raising their face visors to show friendliness!
 Interesting!  The most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat and not the cowboy hat.
 I wouldn't have guessed that! In 1908 a law passed to limit the length of hat pins in case of them being used as weapons by suffragettes.
 I never would have thought about them as being used as a weapon.  Up until 1998 British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons.
 Very interesting! The party hat originated from the dunce cap as it was worn at parties to encourage foolish behavior.
 That's funny!  In the past hats were an indicator of social status.  Kind of odd.
 That's pretty interesting! It was great talking to you! Have a nice day!
 You too!  Have a good one!
 Hi I am good and wow thats crazy.I cant believe its been around since 2004.
 I always wanted a thumbs down button more lol
 A third of all divorce filings of 2011 in the u.s. contained the word 'facebook'. LOL
 what oh my thats crazy 
 There are more people on facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago.
 I agree 
 LOL Yea check this out There was an episode of mr. rogers where he learned to breakdance. LOL
 Thats too funny. The first moonwalk ever recorded was performed by tap dancer bill bailey in 1955!
 Of course I can believe that
 Its been good talking to you.
 I wish I had an answer. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting. 
 Aren't you gald the mid terms are over?
 Yep he has a patent on that device too. Which is awesome because he should be the only one to use it LOL he does it the best of course
 Ahahah, that's interesting. I do sometimes, I'm glad we live in a time where there's more options than chef hats and turbans. Do you?
 Haha I've never had to wear a dunce cap but I have seen people wear them LOL I do like knowing that tipping hats originated from nights. They would use their face visors and tip those in order to show that they were friendly
 Oh yeah, I have that on my watch next playlist, is it a thriller? Yeah, I would hate myself for losing out on such a great deal like that but then again, it was because of the late fees that the Netflix founder incurred that led him to start Netflix.
 Yes, I've also incurred some exorbitant amount of late fees with them back in the day, it sucked so bad. Good thing there's no such thing as late fees for Netflix!
 For some reason it says "low-end" products, but I disagree, I think a lot of the Amazon branded items are pretty durable and at a great price point.
 As a matter of fact.  Yes I do!
 Nice!  I wish I could have gotten in on Amazon stock back in the day.  I wouldn't have to work now.  lol
 Yes.  I agree!  lol  Amazon now has a contract with the U.S. postal service to deliver packages on Sunday.  I kind of like that.
 You would think they would like it.  It would mean more money for them.  Although I wonder if it's the actual post office employees who deliver the packages or if it's people who deliver packages for Amazon?  It's not really clear.  I know a lot of the Amazon packages I've received lately have been from Amazon drivers even though they were sent using the U.S. postal mail and have postal mail tracking info. on them.
 Did you know that Amazon also owns IMDB?  They probably have links on there directing people to buy the movies off Amazon.
 Probably a ton!  Jeff Bezos is so rich that he built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years!
 Yes lol    The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.  I wonder if he knew that would happen when he made his purchase?
 Makes you wonder.  Do you use Netflix at all?
 I use it.  I like to binge watch tv shows during the winter.  Don't use it as much in the summer.  I'm surprised that they spend 20 times more on postage than they do on bandwith.  I don't think I know anyone who uses Netflix through the mail anymore.
 I agree!  Netflix and Youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  That doesn't surprise me at all.
 No it doesn't me either, well it's been nice talking, I hope you have a good day!
 Yes.    Harden, Westbrook and Robertson all deserved their awards.
 What is your favorite team in the NBA?    Do you have one?
 Despite that, Judge Judy still makes more money, more consistently.
 Despte all that money, you only get one vote though.
 Too true.      I think I'm going to go try and find details on the new Space Jam movie!
 Hi, how are you? Do you like the NBA?
 Can you imagine being that great at anything, let alone basketball? I can barely manage to get myself dressed in the morning.
 I did know that. He seems to get hurt all the time. He was out for a period of time this year too. Although I would probably found a way to strain a hammy too if I played on CLE.
 No. I think Carmelo Anthony has the most olympic golds... Seems like a weird person to have all that gold..
 And here I am, being to mean to people for free! What a waste. Nice chatting with you!
 I am a Prime Member. I get my orders in two days. I love it. I don't have transportation of my own so it is important to me. Walmart is good too-but not as fast and cheap as Amazon. And their Customer Service is good too.
 I love streaming from my computer. I cut the cord two years ago and now watch mostly Amazon Prime and PBS.
 Totally agree, cut the cord.  Stream content that you like.
 I'm a big fan!  One of my all time favorite players is Reggie Miller.
 I would agree. Not much is worse than a stick in the eye!
 Clint Eastwood wants to know if you feel lucky, or would like to hear some smooth jazz.
 I did not kow it was formed in New Orleans. I would have thought new york...
 Is it really?  they could be at the top of the Pakistan Jazz charts. We could go over there and say were musicians, Jazz musicians.  No one would argue.
 That is the beauty of jazz. Polyphonic Improvisation.  Throw in a little "sorry I dont speak anything but english" and we are stars.
 Not much.  Not much at all.  Still, we could grow awesome goatees.  Think of the stories you could tell returning to the states.   
 You get any cool hat you want.  Me, I want a cat in the hat style hat.  I will tell everyone I am from Detroit and it is in style.  French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac founded Detroit.
 That's also who they created the drive thru for, heros!
 It was great chatting with you!
 Exactly. I understand that in some instances it's decades ago, but at the same time it happened, and it shouldn't be brushed under the rug. 
 Yeah. People put too much online and it affects everything.
 I agree. Something needs to be done about it. I am glad to see a lot of men getting what they deserve with the me too movement.
 I am too. The thing I don't like is bashing a movement because of the good it does.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes. It is a global system of interconnected computers that use TCP IP to link devices worldwide.
 Same here. It was good chatting with you. Take care. 
 oh ya I saw that, I was glad that kid in there didn't know he was making a horror movie at the time, he could have really be scarred
 oh I use it all the time! my favorite button is the hamburger button, 3 horizontal lines, the name makes me hungry!
 oh definitely, also good to know that there is 3g service on mount everest, so that means I can use facebook at the summit!
 ya for sure, did you know you can get addicted to teh internet? I think I have that actually haha
 Hi, i just learned about that! i have always admired Disney as a company
 Well, people  are going to have different opinions on that. What I like about Disney is their contribution in animation, they are great and they exist since 1923!
 Really? That is pretty cute! did you know Disney was once fired from his job for not being enough creative
 That is very surprising and now ironic! He built so much including a film studio and a theme park!
 $1,110 each second!! Wow i did not know about the "find Mickey "subculture!
 OMG that is a lot. Did you also know that Pixar named Wall-E to honor Walter Elias disney? Very cool.
 Wow that is so cool. All those hidden details. Did you ever watch a short movie from Disney called Destino?
 It is a collaboration with Salvador Dali. It is a pretty old movie from 1945. I watched it once and loved it!
 I do remember that movie, it was kind of silly and funny!! Hey do you use the internet a lot?
 Me too! Even astronauts have connection in the intl space station!
 Very cool. Makes sense because it is so addicting with measurable changes in the brain! Well it was lovely chatting with you!
 Yes I have enjoyed very much!!
 Me too, bye!
 you too!
 You mean like Bambi?  I am a sensitive soul, like Stephen King, and feel Bambi was the first horror film I ever watched.
 Well, I do watch horror films occasionally, but I use them more as a weight-control tactic than for viewing pleasure. You can burn around 180 calories watching a good horror film, and even more if it is awful! 
 That explains it!  I don't even like the creepy metallic waterphone noises they make during scifi and horror flicks. 
 Of course, if you are going to be viewing abstract art, it is always a good idea to watch a good horror film first. It helps.
 It's kind like eating ice cream after broccoli. Who would want to eat broccoli second?  Speaking of food, have you ever heard of the hamburger button?  
 Those three horizontal lines that symbol a menu.  It is on most websites, and it's easier to find it if you are hungry.
 The internet carries a vast range of useful information like that. It also carries a lot of junk too. That is why we like it! LOL
 So, you did an "about face" on the use of Facebook?  Good for you!  FB fuels internet addictions. Scientists can even measure the addictions people get by monitoring bodily responses to clicking on a link... You will be better off without FB.
 LOL... that is a very insightful opninion... I AGREE!
 All my insight comes from reading the full terms of agreement on service contracts. You can learn a lot by reading between the lines!
 Yeah that is unfortunate. His music lives on and is in the library of Congress though
 Hi, are you a Katy Perry fan?
 Didn't Megadeath get 11 nods too?
 Maybe, but Russel Brand wasn't lucky for her...
 At least he didn't take the $22 million he was entitled to receive, although it doesn't seem to have bothered him.
 Enough anyway. I would rather listen to old radio drama over the internet than listen to Katy Perry or Russel Brand. 
 And if one of those doesn't interest me, I could always listen to electromagnetic storms from Jupiter that can be heard on AM radio...
 Yeah. Just about the only radio I am not a fan of is that Finnish radio station broadcasted in classical Latin. 
 Soldiers in WW2 used to make radios out of razor blades and pencils, but all they could hear were Canadian stations... LOL
 Nowadays, if you are sitting in a foxhole listening to Canadian radio...well...I think Captain Jack Sparrow said it best when he said, "You need to get yourself a girl!"
 Yup. Now Disney owns almost everything. Did you know that there is a subculture dedicated to finding hidden images of Mickey Mouse?  I think that quote of Cat Jack applies to those folks too.
 She gets on my min-nervess... LOL
 Maybe if you put a beat to it you could have it released.  you'd have a hard time getting it on Canadian radio, I don't think Jupiter would class as Canadian.
 No i havnt. I have always wanted to though. Is it nice.
 Yes. About 5 times hotter. It is amazing to think of. 
 Yes I do a lot of my christmas shopping on amazon. I buy electronics on Amazon alot as well. Cant beat the prices.
 I didnt know that. Seems like a waste of money to me. I dont think he is hurting for that though.
 Yeah and it is supposed to run for 10 000 years. Nice chat
 Probably on Amazon as well, since they sell just about everything, apparel included.
 That's funny. There's a silly trivia about famous people out there like that. Like how Stephen King was terrified by Bambi as a kid. Ha.
 He probably couldn't hear all the creepy metallic noises the waterphone made. They always put those sounds in horror movies.
 For sure. Nice chatting with you too! 
 I do actually, what about you?
 Wow, that is really fast. Maybe Iceland can learn from them, they don't have a rail service and have to travel by domestic flights.
 No, I think it would be fun to visit, I had a friend go there and they said it was extraordinary. 
 Oh okay. Speaking of the sun, apparently it can produce enough energy for the entire planet for 500,000 years in just one second!
 Wow, and this was this year?
 That is cool. A lightening bolt is 5x hotter than the surface of the sun!
 By striking it? that might destroy it. haha but that is crazy he has that much money.
 I recently found out about this, I believe they owned it since 1998.
 That is a lot of walking! Amazon apparently has a contract with USPS, making the postal service deliver packages on a Sunday.
 I sure did! When my kid was a baby he would automatically bop up and down any time he heard a good beat. It as hilarious!
 It is so funny, they are so cute. Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, and I like horror movies especially. Now I've got to try the thing of watching a horror movie before I view abstract art, LOL. Do you?
 Well I like how horror movies can burn up to 180 calories. Maybe that will be a new fad diet
 It sure is convenient. They have everything from books to downloads, software, video games, electronics, clothes, furniture, food, toys, jewelry, you name it they got it.
 Well thank you so much for chatting. I really liked learning about the sun and Amazon. Two giants that affect our everyday lives.
 Yes with out them we would be lost.  Nice chatting with you.  Have a good day.  
 They probably have Amazon Prime merchant accounts just to keep up in stock to have enough shoes for the month. lol They are so graceful and dedicated dancers! I did some ballet as a kid but liked horses more.
 Only 7% of people do so 93% of the people agree with us.  The other 7% must be law students. 
 Well on another note, I am glad the internet exists.  They even have internet access at the top of Mount Everest.
 Agreed, thanks for the chat, have a good rest of the day!
 That is good that a copy of the internet is saved.  The internet can be useful for homeless people.  Where ever they may be, the internet is an endless resource for them.
 Yeah, a commuter bus is a smart idea too, because more people would be packed into one vehicle.  Also, 160 mph is fast!
 Yeah.  Well I appreciate talking to you.  Have a good day!
 Thanks.  Bye!
 Aww that is really sweet. Not only does it help the dogs but it keeps recycling going too. 
 Dogs are amazing creatures. They pick up on such simple gestures like pointing and are able to figure out what we mean. 
 i love superheroes. I think they help people realize the best in themselves. Especially ones like batman where he is just a guy. 
 I love Pet Force. Garfield as a superhero was hilarious. 
 I have never seen Pet Force before. Sounds like a pretty cool series.
 It was great chatting with you!
 Yes, seems like it's about a magical house.
 He sounds like my kind of super hero.
 Wow, that's a lot of word! I can't read that fast. But, I have read all of the Lord of the Rings, by JRR Tolkein
 hello, how are you?
 hey, i'm fine and you?
 i am fine as well. What is your thought on the articles?
 i think the articles are way to abstract and you?
 yes, especially the first one
 yes the first article changed around way to much it didn't have a solid point of view
 i agree. well reading about the dogs was quite interesting. I certainly didnt know that There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives
 yes dogs also can learn thousands of words and human actions the article about the dogs was fun to read
 Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. Quite fascinating !
 some dogs in moscow have learned to use the subway that's amazing
 I didn't know that. cool
 what did you like most about it?
 it says There are over 300 registered superheroes in the united states. wonder how people get on that list
 it also said there are 30 superhero movies set to be released between 2016 and 2020 i cant wait to see the next superhero coming out this year it should be interesting
 definitely will. would be looking forward to it
 yes, i believe so too. Reading is so important in our daily lives
 i read that too. that's insane.
 yep it truly is . it was nice chatting with you
 it was nice chatting with you to have a nice day 
 same to you
 ok
 Right? I wasn't surprised how attuned dogs are to humans. I've had numerous dogs and loved how loyal they are.
 Me too. I did have a therapy dog once. We would visit the children's hospital and nursing homes. Old people's faces would light up when we were there
 Haha. I've never had a cat. I did have an awesome parakeet for about 15 years. He was a great talker, even fooling a vet once when I had to board the bird. Baxter spoke as the vet passed him by, startling him a great deal. The vet is amazed to this day how well my bird could speak. 
 My vet has a parrot named Mario who is too mean to live with anyone. He can sound like the phone and talk just like the receptionist. It was really funny
 I wasn't into superheroes a lot. I do like the movies they have made out of comic book superheroes. Stan lee did die. I'm going to miss seeing him in the movies. 
 Oh, my first superhero love was Superman, though. I loved Clark and Lois. The newer Superman movies were pretty good, too. I used to wonder about all the collateral damage many superheroes caused as they were saving the world. Lol
 They were kind of messy lol. I'm suprised there are only 300 registered superheros in the US. Wonder where they'll send the unregistered ones. If you were a superhero what would be your super power? Mine would be flying.
 The church didn't want the peasants to read because then they could read the scriptures for themselves. That was before the 18th century. And it wasn't lady like to know how to read. I'm glad I don't live back then
 I guess. I would have loved to have been at the concert when U2 opened for themselves, and played country music.
 Great chatting with you too, have a great rest of the night!
 Trying just watching some netflix.. Kyle Kinane is hilarious.. One of my favorite comedies. 
 He has a special on Netflix and kind of drives into political issue. He also does stand up in a Washington DC club.
 And comedies usually have a happy ending. We need more happy endings.
 Plus, they have great specials and original shows. They give actors and comedians another platform to showcase their skills. 
 Agreed. I am waiting on Chapelle to do another set of specials. Ellen is going to on there in the next couple of months.
 Kinane's tickets seem affordable so I would see him if he came to town.
 Interesting. Dogs also vary so much in shape, size and colors.
 I like it because of how different characters can be. I like to look at a wiki that ranks fictional characters by their various powers.
 I wonder if he had an opinion on poetry as well, I think it's fascinating the way features like repetition, verse form and rhyme can form something so beautiful.
 Yeah and poetry can be very innovative now. For example, I read a poem once that when read forwards is very depressing, but reading it backwards is much more inspiring!
 It was what I thought.  Nothing has happened though, otherwise we would have heard about it.
 I'm sure one day technology will improve so much we won't even need cables to carry data. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good night!
 Nice chatting with you too.  Good night.
 Good night!
 I like some poetry. The Vikings considered Poetry a gift from Odin himself.
 It was very very sad for me too. Btw, I've read about rap album released by twins in Japan when they turned 100 years old. It's nice! 
 I was very impressed by this. It's very nice step. And Norway isn't big country. If you count 1 billion per capita of Norway's population, it will be huge money!
 Yes me too, they are so comfortable. nice chatting with you
 That's ok. I have never been, but i have heard stories about missionaries who go there.
 I have heard people say that they don't think anyone has been to the moon either. 
 I read about an Afgan soldier, when told that we went to the moon, held his finger and thumb an inch apart and said you did not go to the moon, it is only this big.
 Yea I grew up loving them, I heard they have been around for about 25 years or so
  bet you are a big fan of the NBA :)
 I didn't know that wow we learn everyday
 yea I bet everything gives itself a balance in the "multiverse" maybe in a different part of the multiverse I would be called mr. froggy
 Haha, that's a good one. How about the two high school students that rode their horses to school on 'no vehicles to school day', unfortunately got suspended, but ha that's a good one.
 :) Don't you think it's high time someone question some theories scientist give to us to digest? How can they say Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. I have 2 pet rabbits and a dog, I don't see any white patches on their head
 hmmm. interesting. I know animals do evolve to their environment over time, but i don't know about white patches on their heads. wonder what the reason for that is. 
 Awesome for them! I think the 1912 scottish protection of animals act, that the lochness monster is a protected species is pretty awesome.
 I wish lochness monster wasn't a myth maybe I would have bought you a beer ;)
 I totally agree with you but also I believe the game have really helped the growth of companies like Adidas
 it sure has. well merry christmas. time to open presents,  have a good one.
 Cheers Buddy
 you too
 Hi, how are you?
 I have never been. I really want to go when my kids are old enough to understand the significance of it.
 I hope so. I really want to take them to the national mall and library to make sure they understand what it all is. Have you ever been there?
 Here's to hoping! I'll be 110! Let me know what's in it when I see you in the afterlife...
 Steamboat Willy? Sorry, Disney reference. 
 THAT'S A 2 STROKE PENALTY! Then it just ends up with someone dead or shot... People are weird. Short of my immediate family, I cannot imagine wanting to duel over anything...
 Wow. Do you play golf?
 HAHAHA. That's funny. I tried playing but I am terrible. Plus I would drink too much and be worthless the rest of the day. My wife was not happy with me so I quit.
 HA! Nice chatting with you.
 Yes. I had heard that too. I think that is a good thing.
 Yes. Very much. They are beautiful animals.
 Yes. I am a Knick fan.
 Very cool. Well, it was good talking to you. Have a good day!
 I do watch too much tv! Do you watch it?
 Favorite show ever???? I think I would go with the Simpsons. You?
 I like Always sunny. The first 2 seasons were brilliant. Love them. I watch a lot of live sports. It's a little bit of an obsession. Also can be a pain...
 All chicago teams and the University of Illinois. This basketball season has be rough for us! I am not sure what they are doing but they are no longer a good organization. You guys got it going now!
 Cubs! Nice chatting with you!
 yes it has been 150 years, I love that book.
 JK Rowling has rights to ask universal studio to change anything in the harry potter area as per agreement . it would be fun to drive them nuts
 She even had written few books under pseudonym Robert Galbraith
 Well I think they are all great in their own way.  It was really great talking to you about this stuff.  
 I find her dedication to charitable giving something to aspire to. 
 Ok thanks and goodbye.
 The web is just too dynamic. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Have a good day!
 I kind of heard the same thing. on the other hand, Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie someone didnt think  he had the presidential look.
 Yeah. I grew up around the game. It is kind of crazy how baseball has helped the USA get through its roughest times
 Honestly, one of my favorite moview was Thor.  I thought the cast was excellent.  It is so hard to imagine any other actor in those roles now since they are recognized as that comic book character.
 It is hard to keep up with everything.  I think the best part of Thor was the villian, Loki.  He is one of the best villians out there because he isn't really 'bad'.  Plus Tom Hiddleston was perfect for the role.
 Agreed! I am a big fan of Daniel Craig as Bond currently
 I actually played up through high school and still follow it.  Did you know that baseball is also popular in Japan and they are suprised when they find out it's America's national pastime?
 I would like to see one of the 80 year old, out of shape managers get to go to the plate and get a hit.  That would be great!
 I wonder why they call it that?  lol  I would have liked to have been the guy who found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic.
 Hahha I never knew that.  I do know that when buying something online only 7 percent of people read the full terms of service.
 I'm guilty as well.  Most of the stuff I buy is little things anyhow.  There is 3G cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest now.  Maybe that's so people who make the climb can let people know as soon as they've reached the peak!
 I think I may have had that addiction at one time before I cut back my time on the net.  lol
 I do like Thor!  I think that's one of my favorite Marvel characters.
 I loved the Antman!  I haven't seen the 2nd one yet.  I thought Antman was pretty funny!  I have fun chatting with you!
 That one should be a good one!  I have to get going. Have a good day!
 Hi all kinds. I still play my NES. The system only displays 54 colors but games like Mario 3 never get old.
 Yes, it's so like our planet, yet so different. Even the name Mars, named after the god of war is interesting.
 I think the reality tv part was just to help fund it. However it obviously wasn't enough. I love looking at mars through a telescope although it's only close enough to observe up close every 26 months. You can actually see the polar ice caps which are made of water!
 I guess people don't see the value in shifting systems. It would be good to have both together. Then people could get the info they need.  Thanks for the chat.
 I'm laughing at the idea of trying to take that recording off the Internet. Just guarantees that a hundred times as many people will listen to it who wouldn't have ever known about it otherwise. You familiar with the Streisand Effect?
 I love it. Especially when it's corporations trying to suppress negative information. 
 Management discovering that I'd saved and printed off a lot of their emails at an old job is probably what kept them from blacklisting me at the next one.
 That sounds... likely LOL. My first exposure to Batman was the campy TV series, but I was too young to understand that it was tongue-in-cheek.
 I like the way old obsolete names and symbols are recycled -- like the "download" symbol is a floppy disc.
 Car is automobile wheel to carry human in safe and comfortable way.
 In 1886 car was discovered but in the 20th century only cars are available for human uses. It is used military for travelling purpose.
 The cane Cadillac comes from the french explorer who founded Detroit. 
 The cars are propelled by internal combustion engine using fossil fuels which cause air pollution and global warming and affect the environment.
 With the help of modern technology, today we are using electric cars which don't cause any pollution and harm to the environment. Some countries trying this but the cost is very high.
 In US only there are people have cars in large numbers compared to other part of the world.
 All the planet in the solar system revolves around the  sun.
 Venus is also called morning star because we can see it before the sun rise.
 All the planet rotates around the Sun. Sun is the source of light and heat for the entire solar system. Earth is also a planet.
 Earth is the planet which has a natural satellite called moon.
 The Jupiter planet have large number of artifical satellite.
 Interesting. Do you think there are Leap years on Mars? When Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long. Say maybe in a few million more years, we won't need Leap years on Earth anyway!
 I am an inhabitant of it. Does that count? Do you know a lot about it?
 Kind of like the X-men? I'm all for that!
 We need machines! I can bike for hours, but running is a whole different animal
 Yeah... Nice chatting with you!
 Hello! Are you into cars?
 Interesting fact! I didn't know Karl Benz was the one who patented cars back in 1886!
 We can't forget about the trunk, which used to actually be a wooden trunk!
 I think that would be both scary and tough at the same time lol. Do you like listening to the Beatles?
 You would think Nickelback would beat them. Just kidding, I can't believe they had to stop touring because people screamed so much.
 Interesting but makes sense. I didn't realize Ringo Starr grew up with tuberculosis! Scary!
 They are the most influential music band in history!
 I heard that five of the planets are visible to the eye, but I'm sure I've only seen Mars in the sky! How many have you seen?
 Oh cool! Well have a great day! Keep your eyes open for planets!
 yes did you know that About 71% of Earth's surface is covered with water, mostly by oceans
 yes I agree
 Hmmm I wish I could explain. but even to scientists the earth's interior is a mystery
 Thats wild. Almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin c, but humans cannot because the gene for this enzyme is defective
 Thats a good possibility. Its kinda scary to think about actually.
 On the bright side, we no longer have significant amounts of body hair!
 LOL Wow yea and also Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 - 3 months of having it surgically shortened.
 True very true Im sure theres gotta be some reason
 No I did not know that I would hope not. Wow. Can you imagine?
 I would bet that the movies that really scare us have the frequency.   
 I sure am thankful earth doesn't have such bizarre weather conditions.
 Yeah, it is huge for sure. Nice chatting with you.
 Good morning! How are you today? I'm hanging out watching some Fox News. 
 Oh yuck! That would be gross. On the bright side watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories.
 I think I could see it initially, but I bet ET was just to cute.
 Oh that is cool but I haven't heard of them so I'll check them out. I would love to attend the Art Walk in Portugal. They have street performers and many bands playing. Sounds fun.
 Yeah, I totally agree with you. Companies that help parents are great to support by shopping there. Have a good one.
 I like seeing it out my bedroom window when it's full. Funny that NASA interns tried to sell stolen rocks. Reminds me of the subplot in Jurassic Park.
 Yeah, that's a premier quality grift. I read that before the fall of the USSR some Soviet soldiers in Czechoslovakia actually sold one of their tanks on the black market to get money for alcohol.
 Thats what I was hoping haha.  Speaking of funny, do you like comedy?
 Hi, how are you?
 I really want to get into vinyl but havent done it yet. Seems too expensive for my wants. I just subscribe to Spotify...
 I love pink floyd. I am only 40 so they were before my time. I really like the Wall and Division bell.
 I recently busted out my old NES (nintendo entertainment system). It's still fun to play but the thing only displays 54 colors!
 I know! There is a clasic NES system that has like 10 games on it. One is the old classic Contra. Played it last week and it was terrible looking.
 Ineteresting. Nice chatting with you!
 well just be glad you had a nintendo and not chickens like in 50BC haha
 ya it probably does, I'm just glad that we can play games and  not be forced to use chickens for entertainment like people did back in Caesars time haha
 Yes, Reading makes our brain more active.
 Yes, Reading is a means for language sharing information and ideas.
 The reading process requires continuous practice, development and taking notes about the subject. It is easy to remember.
 No, Its good exercise to brain and now days, reading habit is much reduced. please all in social media.
 Yes. Its very interesting.
 Yes, A concert is a live music performance in front of an audience.
 I went to shakira. She dance very beautifully.
 Yes, The American punk rock brand.
 Its very interesting.
 Yeah. nice chatting with you
 Have u ever been to any concerts?
 I used to go to alot but Im getting too old to stand that long anymore. Pink Floyd once filmed a concert that had no people at it lol
 Yes I agree I really admire the ramones they toured for almost 20 years. Thats amazing.
 Yes they played over 2400 concerts in their time.
 You know  I think that was actually the band Creed. Its been good talking to you.
 You too
 Oh wow, that is amazing. I feel like, the harder you try with poetry, the worse it comes out. I have definitely read some bad poetry.
 It is fascinating how her made up world is so complete. I can't imagine having such a creative mind. Fiction itself is very interesting. 
 I haven't heard of that one! I will have to look it up. Do you know if it follows any sort of "parenting philosophy?" I am reading through three right now: "No Bad Kids," "Peaceful Parent, Happy Kid," and a book on Sensory Processing Disorder. What do you teach?
 Yes - getting to the root is so important. Thank you for the recommendations - they sound great! I will look them up at the library. My uncle teaches band. That is very cool. 
 You as well! Thanks!
 Oh yeah I think he is very talented and has made a ton of hit songs.
 I knew that because some of my friends in college watched Degrassi when they were high schoolers. I think the girls in particular had a crush on him which is pretty funny in my opinion.
 I moved recently but I used to love the San Jose Sharks. They are alright; it doesn't get very cold in California, so it makes sense that ice hockey rings often can be converted to basketball courts so it's useful for two different sports and two different seasons.
 I used to play Gran Turismo! The physics in that game and other games are pretty realistic so I believe it. Playing a game about race cars definitely beats playing a game about horse drawn carriages and carts, which was what people drove before the advent of cars.
 That must have been from all the acting he did in the early 2000s. Anyway, sorry I brought up Drake again, I feel like he's one of the best things to come out of Canada; that and hockey, right?
 No worries. I'd agree that he is one of Canada's treasures. I'd say him and hockey are both in the top three along with maple syrup!
 That's really funny! Anyway, thanks for chatting about Canada, Cars, all sorts of things. It was a pleasure.
 Goodbye!
 I am doing well, how about you?  Yes it is!  Did you know that Jupiter's moon Ganymede would be a planet if it orbited the Sun?
 I did not know that!  Have a good day!
 You are funny.  It was in order to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their uniform.
 Because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
 It was nice chatting with you too.
 Yes, and if I make my own clothing and sell that too, I could be a fashion icon on another planet like Gucci.
 Plus, I'd be able to offer custom tailoring on the clothing with my sewing machine skills and be sure customers would not have any collar gaps so that they have that nice professional tailored look.
 To be honest I have no idea who he is. What did he do.
 I dont really keep up with news to much. Its kind of depressing if you ask me. 
 Oh yeah I do. Doesn't everybody these days.
 Im not sure about clicking links being what is addictive. I would say it is the content provided, and our need to know whats going on and learn new things.
 I know enough to be dangerous. Lol. Did you know that there are three other names for earth
 I didnt actually I thought there was 8 more. The other names for earth are, gaia tellu and telluris. Interesting huh.
 Boy could I tell a couple jokes on that point Lol. It is interesting though. Kind of makes you think about what might be going on around that part of the solar system to make it behave so differently than other planets do.
 I hadnt heard of that. I do know that the basic building blocks of life are atoms. Look at me, somebody paid attention that day in school. Lol.
 I dont even know who rip curl is, but my guess is that it is much cheaper to make them over there.
 I have seen shirts with the apple logo. I didnt figure that apple actually made the shirts though. 
 Hi, how are you?
 Nice. When Alex Ovechkin won the stanley cup, he went on quite the binge!
 Yes, he played for the washington capitals. They won the stanley cup last year and he went on a media tour and drank all summer.
 What! That's crazy! In the first olympics canada scored 132 and gave up only 3!
 Yes. There was a hockey player that was traded for $1 and went on to win 4 cups!
 It's probably water weight. Although if I could lose 8 pounds by playing one game of hockey, sign me up!
 I like it, if it is well done. If not, it's a dumpster fire...
 I am indifferent... Nice chatting with you!
 I like that they mostly have happy endings. 
 I like the hangover series!
 It beat Seinfeld, and Friends for a Golden Globe award. I liked Friends a lot better, though!
 I do too, but I love comedy because comedy films usually have a happy ending. 
 I honestly love black comedies. Shaun of the Dead, War of the Roses, Grosse Point Blank. Love them. Demetri martin was accepted into harvard law, but left out of boredom to pursue a career in comedy.
 Comedy sounds much more fun than law, I don't blame him!
 Good thing he was successful! Some of the very first films were slapstick comedies. 
 hahaha nope!
 I don't read a whole lot. What about you? 
 That's good. I like to watch movies, but have a hard time finding time to do it with kids. 
 I would definitely watch/read something that plays out like that
 I wear a hat everyday pretty much.
 If some one searched for tool roads in the US, they could probably find a few hundred bucks.  Some toll roads are loops though.  Mackinac Island has no motorized vehicles. It is a Michigan tourist trap.
 Very true about the snow.  A good hat is essential for the weather.  A Ushanka fur hat has fold down earflaps.  I like mine.
 As far as knowledge goes I prefer to wear a lamp shade at parties, not a conical paper hat. Party. Party.
 That would definitely be a conversation starter, just make sure it doesn't have any religious implications that could potentially offend someone, but I don't think a lamp shade would ;).
 That name sounds funny, I wonder where that came from, if anything the height of the chef's hat seems to be more unsanitary than wearing it.
 Yes, I love to read as well when I have free time. Did you know that CS Lewis and Tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry? Those two must have had a good sense of humor.
 Yeah, for sure! It's kind of funny that reading novels is so popular now, because in the 18th century there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Yeah, for sure! I also heard that Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches.
 Wow, I didn't know that. That's cool!  Anyways, did you know that the world record for speed reading is held by anne jones, with a reading speed of 4,700 words per minute. That is extremely fast!
 Yeah, for sure! What's even funnier however is that in 1908, a law was passed limiting the length of hatpins out of fears that suffragettes would use them as weapons.
 good morning to you!
 Yes very good song indeed. I love the song Bohemian Rapsody too. Very unique. There is apparently a piano at the top of Britains highest peak!
 Yes that's a good question. Do you like the comedy genre?I love how most comedy movies have happy endings.
 Yes exactly LOL. Other films in that category are Harold and Kumar, and pineapple express.
 Yeah I think they're pretty funny from time to time. I think it was cool Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy. It was really nice chatting with you today.
 Good, except it appears that I have lost my garden gnome. I hope whoever took it will bring it back...perhaps with photos. Other than that, I am good. You?
 Someone stole your gnome? Who steals a gnome? Was it the travelocity gnome looking for a friend?
 My gnome was a couch potato, so he must have been kidnapped. Perhaps I should look for him on that website that lists people who advertise their couches for weary travelers. That would be a magnet for my gnome!
 Mackinac Island may not be for your gnome then. They have no cars, which is inconvenient for lazy gnomes!
 Thanks for the heads up!  Traveling with my gnome, Ralph, is always difficult. He insists on walking through the airports, which really slows us down because airports intentionally put baggage claim so far away from the planes to reduce stand-around waiting times at the baggage claim areas for passengers.
 I know. Plus it has to be rough traveling with Ralph. I cannot imagine he has long legs. He must take forever to walk from the gate to the terminal!
 Exactly! He may single-handedly be responsible for the recorded 10% slower air travel times.
 I think you may be on to something.  Once whe we were traveling to a little deserted island  that we read about and when we arrived, the island was covered with rabbits! Apparently ship travelers used to release them on island as a food reserve for future journeys, but the island had not been visited in years, ad the rabbits had obviously been quite busy during that time. It was a disaster...
 That's a lot of rabbit stew. Did you see a smallish man in a hat hunting wabbits?
 No, but that island could use a little hunter in a hat!  Ralph needs a new hat. We have been shopping of one, but it is challenging. He looks pretty good in a chefs hat, but we can't get the fold thing right. Folds represent the number of different ways a chef can cook an egg. Ralph's hat is so wrinkled, he always looks like a master chef.
 he has to have a hat of his status though. What type of hat are you thinking? I am thinking a nice top hat for night life and a nice day hat like a cowboy hat.
 No. Did I tell you that Ralph is blind?  He wears rounded black sunglasses like Helen Keller. He is pretty good at reading BRaille, the written  language invented by Louis Braille, the 15-year old. 
 So the monocle would have been just an accessory. Apologize to him for me being so insensitive to his visual abilities. He would not have been involved in the moral panic then...
 He looks mighty fine in his black glasses though. His dashing looks have challenged the moral fiber of many a young lass. Still, it is hard to get all the current book titles in braille... He does enjoy reading George RR Martin stories though...
 That's a good choice. Does he have a favorite book of Martin's?
 Actually, he most enjoys the monster stories Martin wrote in his youth. "Killer Gnomes form Mars" is his favorite.
 I am not sure what we chatted about but it was fun...
 I'm doing amazing today, Are you a big fan of comedy films?
 He's hilarious he's an awesome comedian like bert kreischer
 His comedy was hialrious with the drawings are you a fan of any other famous comedians
 I love joe rogan, duncan trussel, dudes like that 
 Yup have you ever seen ghost-busters or the movie zombieland he was in both of those films you probably know his face but don't recognize him by name
 Jim Carey is one of the best comedians of our times he's so diverse think of all his movies from The Mask to Bruce Almighty he's amazing 
 Have you ever seen hugh laurie in House? he's amazing his accent is so good you could never figure out he's actually british
 Give it a watch. Go on youtube and look for doctor review House
 IPhone, the device famous for it's computing power! It has more CP than the entire US nuclear IBCM arsenal!
 Because it is the fastest to dial on a rotary phone.  You remember rotary phones don't you?
 That's hard to believe! You know what else is hard to believe?  UNICEF will donate 1 day worth of clean water to a needy child for every minute you do NOT use your cellphone.  That means you can provide clean water to 1440 children just by NOT using your cell phone!.
 I am a computer. Well, maybe not, but I sit next to one... My computer has more RAM than I do.  But this does not bother me because it only take 1mb or RAM to run the space shuttle, and all I need to do is get to the refrigerator.
 I don't know. I can't figure out how transhumanists think they will download their consciousness to a memory stick.  If I tried that, I would probably end up on one of those thumb drive shaped like Scooby Do...
 I consider my Iphone to be a bio-hazard with all the microwave radiation they emit. How I long for the old days when a computer could be built out of simple Minecraft building blocks...
 I used to play on a modified fast-pitch softball team. Love the game. I believe the YMCA invented it...
 Nice!  Unfortunately, the average salary of a pro softball player is only about $5k per year, so I won't be doing that anytime soon.
 Yep that's not too much haha. It's interesting that the game was named softball back in 1926 though, just because they use a ball that was soft LOL it makes sense
 Softballs have gotten harder over the years. Hey, nice chatting with you!
 Exactly, even though I don't watch house.  Funny, Michael Caine got his start taking a drama class because there were pretty girls there.  I would have done the same.
 Yes good point. Do you also like drama? It is a bit more poetic in general as opposed to horrror!
 Yes in fact one of his students was Ellie Kemper from The Office, one of my favorite shows!
 Yep that's her! I also like the actor Hugh Laurie who plays House MD and for that role he is actually the highest paid actor ever for tv drama!
 Yes he must have been. It was fun chatting with you today, have a great one!
 I think it would be amazing to watch a baseball manager in the game being that they are all on the older side.
 And many of them are out of shape!
 haha yeah that would get millions of views and memes instantly.
 Yes, we do have Amish not too far from where I live. They use horse buggies to get around. 
 It was good chatting with you!
 Ha!  That could be amusing.  Kind of the opposite of the old Don Rickles who began our incivility in my opinion.
 Of course I do.  I would be lost without it.  lol
 That is funny!  I didn't know that.  The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.  I have no idea how that would happen.
 I believe it.  There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest.  Crazy.  I can't seem to get in spots where I live. LOL
 I know right?  Only 7 percent of people read the full terms of service when buying something online.  I have to admit I don't really read through everything.  I mainly though buy just off of ebay and amazon.
 I know that Tom Hannks is the highest all time box office star with over 8.5 billion in worldwide film earnings.
 That's a lot of earnings. He deserves it. He's a very good actor.
 Yes.  I love almost everything he's ever done.  The Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentines Day in 1991 and did over $270 million at the box office!
 I do like some rap music. It was great talking to you. 
 I have been into jazz recently. I have found a lot of contemparary artists that have kept me happy.
 I do once in a while. I couldn't stop listening to Kendrick Lamar's latest when it came out.
 No, I didn't know that. I did know that The world's fastest english language rapper, noclue, can rap at a rate of 14.1 syllables per second.
 Not really... you?
 Nice chatting with you.
 Nice, Tom Hanks is my favorite actor!
 Yes he has a lot of energy! He still acts like a puppy. But he is the sweetest dog. Do you have cats?
 I always guessed dogs had an instinct for it too. Maybe it's because they call beginner human swimming "doggy-paddling." I had a neighbor who used to play fetch with their boxer dog in one of those inflatable pools, and the dog loved it. Maybe you should try it!
 Oh yeah that sounds like a good idea! 
 Goats are cute, and they always make me think of the "totes magotes" commercial and laugh! A lot smaller and probably easier to care for than horses, too, and you could even have homemade goat cheese if they had to be milked. It sounds like a great idea.
 And they eat up all the weeds so less yard work!
 That makes ME almost want to forget about a horse and get a goat!
 Yes, and the host interviews celebrities while eating progressively hotter and hotter wings lol
 Haha yeah but I think Justin Bieber may also be the most viewed and liked at the same time lol Just gets a lot of attention in general
 It is! And I just read that apparently he and CS Lewis would hold "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading bad poetry together...funny!
 Yeah I guess they were close! I did like the movies- did you?
 Pretty good, but not as good as Game of Thrones! Nice chatting with you, have a great weekend!
 You too!
 Awesome! Happy safe viewing!
 That is just crazy!  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
 Haha that is amazing, how clever. Nice chat
 Hi, it didn't bother me. The best player should be playing in the biggest markets. Plus he is a good guy too.
 I like that he raises a lot of money for charity and values education. It's crazy that there were scalped tickets at his high school games.
 Yeah I mean it was annoying and drawn out but hard to complain about it when that much money is given away because of it.
 Yeah I agree. Can't believe he will be in the new space jam movie!
 Yes! I'm so excited. The first one was so good. I hope Jordan has a role in it.
 Haha Rick Barry used to I believe. But yea it looks so dorky. I don't think Lebron ever would. Nice chatting with you have a great day.
 Is it ganny style if you are a granny? Wouldn't that just be called style?
 That stinks. Have a great day!
 Take care.
 I think it might. Save a lot of time. Google has done amazing things for tech.
 Google earth is really interesting. I like using google drive too. Do you use google maps?
 I bet! Do you know they mow google grass with goats?
 I always wanted my son to work there. He has a degree in IT. He would be great at AI
 Yes, that was cute. Cuter than google using pictures of cheese for a close zoom of the moon.
 I vaguely remember it being around in the late 90's. Every now and then, I like to do the "askew" trick on my young nieces, they don't know what to think, and it's funny watching them try to figure it out.
 I want to be a noogler for a Friday, and wear the beanie cap.
 I think it's awesome that an actress from the 30's played such a vital part in 
 Hi do you like fashion?
 I'm indifferent but I know a lot of facts about it, such as that Apple had a clothing line in 1986!
 Who would have thought that apple had a clothing line! did you know there is a very unique store in Alabama?
 Exactly, you can find cameras. clothes and nice bags I bet!
 I'd love an iPad! Did you know that Pilgrim clothing was actually colorful and black was only worn on special occasions?
 Yes!! It looks like black has a very special meaning for them!.. Talking about unique things, do you know why New York's area code is 212?
 Well here's one for you: It's impossible to break apart two phonebooks that have overlapping pages!
 wow!! well i guess I will have to beleive that one!! Do you remember call of duty?
 Well I would probably give it a try, There are 33 to choose from!
 that is right the most recent was released on October last year!
 Changing topics, did you know the Navy built a $40M warship but it's been stuck in ice since Christmas Eve?
 I did not know, I am going to let you go but I have to tell you it has been a good chat!
 I agree. Have a good evening!
 you too!
 No, fortunately I'm married and not on the dating scene.  lol
 I did not know that. But, I do know that Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of Congress of " cultural significance".  California knows how to party...Lol
 I can believe it. That was a pretty big deal when it came out. IF you visit the Library of Congress you will find all sorts of cool things. 
 Apparently, his favorite superhero was Spiderman.  He just took his talents in a different direction and made some pretty good music, instead.
 It's true!  Nice chatting!
 I do, I want to buy the latest tittle, Black Ops, Im hoping it will go down in prices, I heard it was pretty good.
 ha I want to visit that store I bet they have some interesting stuff! Also I didn't know that Pilgrims actually wore colorful clothes and not the plain stuff we typically associate with them
 ya apparently it's the fastest set of numbers that you can dial with an old rotary phone, and so it just stuck haha
 Yes there is the option to do that. In total there are 33 called duty games. That definitely speaks to its success.
 Yes they must have very good employees. Prince William used to play call of duty too. It would be so fun to play against him.
 Luckily yes they did. They raised over $8 million to help returning veterans find work. Very cool.
 Yes it is. The most recent game call duty black ops was released in 2018. Really fun release that one.
 Yeah that's a really good point. The company who created call duty also raises money for veterans which is really cool.
 that is a very good question. at least people are more conscious now a days on not wearing animal skins since a very cruel act
 Yes it is. There is even a store in Alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage at airports! If you lose your bag go to that store! It was nice talking with you today!
 Yes that is kind of funny and sad! Some clothing is gender neutral but others are more specific. Hard to tell these days lol. It was nice talking to you today!
 That would be awesome! I think it's funny that people have been known to steal garden gnomes to take with them on vacation and return them with photos of the trip.
 Lol. I'd like to check out Mackinac Island, MI, most travel is done by horse-drawn carriages
 Awww. My dad loves Bruce. He's so old school.
 I knew there was a trick up his sleeve! hehe
 LOL. I've never been to Hawaii, but I would definitely live there. 
 Lol - that's funny! It was good talking with you. 
 With our larger yard and nearby woods, we don't have a good location for birdfeeders.  We have to content ourselves with watching the deer.  Still a fun way to see nature.
 We love train travel.  We recently went to Japan and Europe and used trains almost exclusively in both countries.  It is an easy way to travel when the trains are on time.
 That sounds exciting.  Where else have you traveled?
 Well let me tell you I played Hockey in my youth but I never lost weight. But then again field Hockey for kids is a sport, today's hockey clubs (pro) are big business. Did you every play?
 Gosh that sounds like fun... until ya fall  lol. Maybe they could add that as an Olympic sport....
 Well no he he....But think what cool uniforms you could make up. Did you know that Baseball managers wear uniforms so they can play for their team if needed ? 
 Nothing right now, feeling like a good sci-fi might be in the near future...  do you have a favorite genre of book ? 
 well I even read shampoo bottles... so anything goes.....and speaking of that I really need to get  going it was nice talking to you.
 Yes, I love to travel too! I enjoy biking and flying. I live near the ocean so I love boating also.
 Haha! Thank you, next. I am not about that life. I'd rather live on Mackinac Island where they've banned all motorized vehicles and still use horse-drawn carriages!
 Oh I would love that!! I enjoy watching the old shows with the horse drawn carriages!!
 lol, could be. I love it when babies dance spontaneously when they hear music!
 Yes, that would be interesting! 
 No I haven't Have you? Japan seems expensive to me, but I do love Japanese food so that's also on my bucketlist as well.
 $300 USD? That seems way overpriced! I think I'd rather go to Disneyland with that. The company was actually founded by two brothers, it's amazing what they managed to accomplish, I love all their films.
 Wow well that makes sense, but also it makes sense that you would hire Bill Nye to be the science consultant for the movie Flubber, that is a movie that's not need a science consultant though LOL
 The office in Burbank California specific oh, I've never been there though I've only been to disney world in Orlando
 Yes, but I am more of a firecracker kind of guy... My iPhone is usually turned off.  You?
 I miss rotary phones. I'm inventing a rotary cell phone. It will mostly be used for miscommunication. 
 Well, that would be something worth communicating.  As is the news that UNICEF will donate to a needy child one day's worth of clean water for every minute someone does not use their cell phone! 
 Amazing how much information can pass through that cable!  You could send an entire library's worth of info through one!
 They obviously are an overly controlling partner. Bad form indeed.  Compare that with the UK Prime Minister that donated his entire 32k book collection to the public library to encourage spreading of ideas!
 Indeed! If you publish a book in Norway, the gov will buy 10,000 copies to distribute to libraries across the country!  
 Then there is hope for me!  If that doesn't work, I may open up a Library of Things like the one in Sacramento, CA.
 We have our next Olympic category: 40 Meter Cowboy Sketch. Sounds intimidating! Like the man falsely imprisoned for 10 years and devoted himself to becoming a lawyer to free himself and others falsely imprisoned, one could spend years learning that craft!
 Half the books in the health section tell us that eating at McDonalds is bad for us. Dietary wisdom or competitive marketing?
 I guess not... You know, there is a literary contest that challenges participants to come up with the worst possible opening sentence... Hmmm... Creative incentive...
 I guess I'll be looking for Greek art this evening...  Did you know that half of adults have library cards...and one of them has mine...
 You would be surprised how often that need arises! Now, I am off to find some cultural stimulation. Cheerio!
 Good luck!  Maybe start at a McDonald's!  Thanks for the chat.  You were excellent.
 I do.  I use it to get out books, cds, and dvds mainly.  I love it because of all the money I've saved.
 I didn't know that.  There are more libraries than McDonalds in the US
 That is awesome!  I bet he had a huge collection!  The Sacramento public library started a library of things where people can check out items that they can use, but don't really need to own long term.  I think that's a great idea!
 That's an interesting fact.  Nice.  If you publish a book in Norway, the gov't will buy 1000 copies of your book and distribute them to libraries throughout the country.  That's interesting if you're an author from there.  
 I'm a fan of non-fiction.  I always wanted to try writing someday and maybe I could win a contest like that annual one they have where writers have to come up with the worst opening sentence to a novel.  lol
 lol How interesting is that? In 19583 Sir Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature!
 Wow, that's interesting!  But how about a gold metal?  The father of the modern Olympics won a gold metal for writing poems about sports!
 That is pretty neat!  I didn't know before today that literature was an olympic event from 1912 to 1952.
 That is pretty neat!  I like it!  I have a meeting I have to get ready for.  Loved chatting with you!
 You as well, have a great day!
 Yeah agreed. It might be better for all of us in the long run!
 I won't either. I find it funny that Justin Bieber has the most disliked video. 
 Hi! Are you a dog lover?
 A horror film?  Well, if horror films help you burn more calories, it is nice to think that watching Bambi is apart of a good diet plan!
 Nice! Did you know, if you watch a horror film before you go to the museum, it will help yo appreciate abstract art better?  But don't take your dog tot he museum! They have a different response when they see a 65 millioon year old dinosaur skeleton. They think, bones!  Thank you God!
 It is God's way of trying to even the playing field. The dog can smell better, run faster, jump higher, and hear better than we can. But at least we can see more colors.
 Haha well I like that too. I also like that Google prefers dogs to cats. They put that in their company policy which is amazing, that's why I like Google LOL
 Nice! Google is awesome, but dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing, so Google made agood choice in not making elephants their official animal of choice. They would need biger offices!
 Yes, their vending machines for dog food in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. Nice idea. I might start doing that with breakfast cereal. 
 I do. It is only fair that they do also, although my dog doesn't care for orange juice. I try to explain to the dog that 80% of the earth's rain forests are gone, so don't knock the orange juice until you try it, but my dog still doesn't get it...
 Flatulence, of course. I explained this concept to my dog, but he would not fart in a balloon for me.  In frustration, I exclaimed that if earth's history was one 24-hr day, then human history would only be 1 minute and 17 seconds. My dog responded, then why does it take you over two minites to refill my bowl?
 Haha you need to create a store that sells dog fart balloons LOL I guarantee you someone would buy them haha. What do you think about the un Ambassador that they have ambassador to extraterrestrials must have a really lonely job lol
 Yeah, and training for an impending invasion is difficult. Like how many times can one person watch the movie, Mars Attacks?  And if Earth is the densest planet in our solar system, why would any sensible alien want to stop off and speak to dense earthlings anyway?
 Yes. A nice film you can watch with the whole family. You just can't let them know that it is a horror film until they grow up... like they did with the actor that played the role of little Danny!
 No, what is a water phone? This isn't some joke about how 71% of the earth is covered with water, so you are bound to reach  water even by telephone?
 I'm glad that Libraries haven't been phased out by our technology, especially since there is so much information on the internet.There are so many resources there from books to Blue-Ray Discs.
 Agreed. Plus you have countries like Norway where if you publish a book, the government buys 1000 copies and distributes them to libraries across their country! If only all counties would do that!
 I have actually and hope to check it out someday. I think it's a great way to lure more people in by offering items like sewing machines that people may need to use but not want to buy for long term!
 It would sure give you the opportunity to check out a hobby to see if you like it before spending tons of money on something you may later decide you don't want to ever do again. What a great way to give everyone opportunities. I especially like the sewing machine check one.
 That is definitely a plus of this modern age of technology advances. As long as there are people like UK Prime Minister William Gladstone founded libraries in their senior years, literature will live on.
 Not sure actually. Nice chatting with you :)
 Which makes sense considering how Republican the network is haha. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good night!
 I'm glad that there are more libraries than there are McDonald's in the US. I thought that maybe adults weren't reading as much, but at least half of them have library cards
 Absolutely!  He wanted to bring together books with no readers to readers who had no books.  Great idea!
 And if it's a children's book, they'll buy 1,500. That's a great way to encourage writers!
 I know, especially if you are taking certain medications. I believe the baby got ill.
 It is very sad. I don't know if you live in New York, but the area code is 212 because it's the fastest to dial on a rotary phone!
 No, I never had one, I wish I did!
 Yes, I had an IPhone 8 once.
 Somewhat, I like to escape everyday life every now and then.
 I have read his work and think it's amazing. You should go to Sacramento public library. They allow patrons to checkout items they find useful but don't need for long term use.
 It might be possible. Did you hear about the man that was falsely imprisoned? 
 Yeah, 10 years he studied law, very impressive.
 hello, what opinion do you have about "Nevada Days," by Bernardo Atxaga?
 no but I heard about it. I also learned that For author Walter Van Tilburg Clark, Reno, Nev., was a city of new dreams and sprawling physical wonder, memorialized in his novel "The City of Trembling Leaves." 
 It refers to me nothing yet, after reading the book it will refer to me an interesting meaning. Did you know that Originally published in Basque and Spanish, it's a book of meditations that blends together travelogues and memories from Basque country with a dark exploration of fading American empire
 I totally understand you. And 
 yes and it is also very interesting to learn that Atxaga's narrator is something of a wandering soul, which serves him well as he and his family arrive in Reno in 2007 so he can write and teach at the university.
 yes, I guess so. Atxaga's bemusement toward military ceremony. It's honest. It's thoughtful... it's respectful
 oh I understand, I think I better read NEVADA DAYS By Bernardo Atxaga .. to learn more
 Yes of course, and do you like watching horror movies? if so which is your favorite?
 really, i have never watched it, do yo recommend me to watch? And do you like Stephen king? he was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw
 I will watch then, and did you know that Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories? its hillarious though lol
 Me too. lol . was nice to chat to you
 Yeah, sadly, Disney (which owns the American rights to the films) doesn't tend to promote them very much.  I think they're worried they'll cut into their "home grown" market.  Anyway, dunno if you even like animated movies, but they're worth checking out.
 There's many different styles, probably derived from the various regions in the US where it has taken root. Kansas City is another place where it has prominence
 Well, theaters were a big event at the time, plays, gladiator events, concerts.. you gotta remember, they didn't have the internet back then, so they had to do something for entertainment.  :)  So, what was the last concert you ever attended?
 Holy cow! We need to save them. Germany is at least taking steps to do that!
 oh yeah, my favorite actor is Hugh Laurie. He's getting paid 700,000 an episode now. LOL
 It is really sad. It's also weird too, that some birds can fly from Alaska to Mexico and they don't even sleep. They do this when they migrate, I wish I could stay awake that long haha
 True.     I would rather go in the studio and record an album like Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory.
 True!    All this music talk has made me want to go listen to some of my 331/3 rpm records!    Have a good day!
 Hello How are you?
 Definitely. Tupac was a great rapper and his music is in the Library of Congress for cultural significance.
 I liked him back when he signed to Young Money entertainment in 2009.
 I think that is very interesting. His favorite superhero is Spiderman. Glad he became a rapper though.
 Yes. He did ok for himself.
 You too. Have good day.
 yeah we can talk about baseball, who's your team?
 yeah me either, I like the rockies because they are close and fun to go see
 yeah I saw that, crazy right? can you imagine them playing? too funny
 yeah always fun! Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover it's status as America's national pastime?
 yeah, they are crazy about baseball. heading there in May
 maybe I'll have to introduce them to kickball. No, who schedules the games? ;)
 Now it's probably some lonely person
 that's the only way you or I would do it. Ha! Who won the world series? I don't remember.
 pretty bad if you're a cubs fan, last time your team won the world series, the ottoman empire was still in existence.
 Oh I see, I only watch it sometimes too
 lol I hear you there.  Baseball is so popular in Japan that a lof fans there are surprised that it's America's national pastime.
 You're right!  It sure isn't popular like it used to be.  I think they self proclaim it as the national pastime anyhow.  lol
 Now that would make the game more interesting.  lol  Kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada.  Never heard that before.
 I wonder how fast it took him to sell them?  I know I would! lol
 I don't know.  I know one guy who shouldn't have been running the bases and that was Babe Ruth when he got thrown out trying to steal to end game 7 of the 1926 world series.
 lol  The womens world cup had higher tv ratings than the world series.  That shows how the game isn't as popular anymore.
 Yes!  I think they do get diamond rings on top of the trophy.  Do you watch basketball?
 They are on one heck of a run that's for sure.  I wonder how they compare to the Bulls when Jordan played.  The Warriors have won 3 out of the last 4 championships right? 
 He is the master of the 3 point shot that's for sure.  I always like Kareem Abdul Jabbar.  I didn't realize he got the dunk banned for almost a decade in college basketball because he did it so much.
 Nice chatting with ya!
 yes. They do have some good original movies, and series
 If you like action and comic book characters, the Punisher is really good. If you are a horror fan, Haunting of Hill House is one of the best shows I've seen in a while.
 I will check them out. Been looking for a good mystery series
 Sherlock is a good mystery series and does not have a lot of episodes to catch up on. There are only 3-4 episodes per season so they feel more like movies.
 I will give that one a look for sure.
 yes. I was looking through them last week trying to decide if i liked anything
 Besides Sherlock I also like Black Mirror, Luther, and the Great British Bake Off.
 I was thinking about watching black mirror. I like sci fy too and heard it was pretty good.
 I would compare it to the Twilight Zone but more focused on modern technology. Some of the stories are so imaginative
 I watched an original netflix western series that was pretty good. Godless.  Had Jeff Daniels in it
 I will have to give it a look.
 I hope you enjoy the recommendations!
 Thanks I will look them up.
 A final recommendation I have is The Good Place if you're looking for a comedy.
 Hello! Do you use Netflix?
 I use it a bit. It's pretty useful when you're bored. The only bad part is trying to pick something to watch!
 I know! I put it up last year when decorating the christmas tree, lol. Netflix accounts for 33 percent of north americas bandwidth from 9pm to 12am!
 That sounds like a pretty cool job. I wonder if they are the same people who write those descriptions for the shows.
 I don't think I ever used it, but I do remember them having it. They use 20 times more postage than bandwidth! 
 I'm not sure! I would think it would be pretty inconvenient to have to wait for a movie. Do you use Youtube? Combines with netflix they make half of north americas internet traffic.
 I bet so too, are there even any more block busters left? 
 Yeah, Netflix has definitely taken over. They have 137 million subscribers world wide! 
 They do have a lot of good movies! And the shows they recently started producing are great too! I just finished one called You.
 I recently saw the Haunting on hill house if that counts as a series. I don't know if Netflix will produce another season.
 Sorry to hear about that.  Netflix currently has 137 million subscribers worldwide.
 Yes!  That's a great show.  We love it.  It reminds me of a new modern Goonies.  lol Netflix's first self produced series was Lilyhammer but I've never watched it.
 Yes.  From 9PM to 12AM, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.  That's when I'm usually watching it. lol
 Yes.  We'll start one and go through the whole series if it's an old show.  Netflix and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  That means every other person online is watching videos. lol
 We also have that. lol People must still rent a lot of dvds still through the mail because Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than it does on bandwidth.
 I'm not sure either. lol  Blockbuster declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million.  I bet they really regret that move.  Netflix is now worth $2 billion and Blockbuster is down to 1 store location.
 Haha I did too.  I remember when the original Nintendo came out.  We all thought it was the best thing.  It could only display 54 colors.  Now that's nothing compared to the games they have now. lol
 I don't have one now.  My kids do.  I played through the Super Nintendo or Nintendo 64...can't remember which one was last.  I was surprised to find out that the Nintendo was discontinued in 2003 in Japan.  
 It was fun!  Have a great day!
 I am not sure. But I think it is funny the creator was tired of late fees for vhs and created netflix.
 I think it's a good sign that they are borrowing from classics like "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre."
 Yeah I used to follow his show, he looks like Steve Martin, 
 Nice!  There are scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection much like different species do on Earth!
 lol  There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe.
 I don't know anything about that. I heard that there is a region of space that is pulling galaxies out of our observation area.
 That's interesting!  Some say that the universe may be one giant superhologram!  I have no idea how they would know that.
 I do like reading!  How about you?
 I love to read. Did you know that starship troopers is the first sci fi novel on the list of 3 out of 5 military branches in the US.
 That is interesting!  Ender's game is also on the suggested reading list for many military organizations, including the U.S. Marine Corp.!
 That is true. I heard that there was a moral panic over people reading novels in the 18th centruy. They should see what people read and watch today.
 You're not kidding there!  lol  The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones.  She could read 4,700 words per minute.  I wonder if she could comprehend what she was reading?  lol
 lol True!  CS Lewis and Tolkein held "you laugh you lose" competitions  when reading terrible poetry.
 lol  When Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long!
 That's sad to think about.  Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century.  It's been fun chatting!
 I agree!  Hope you have a great day!
 Yeah, I'm a fan. I've seen his band Wilco, which he founded in 1994 after Uncle Tupelo broke up, in concert several times. 
 "California Stars" is one that comes to mind. Jeff Tweedy grew up in Illinois and besides music has also delved into writing.
 Totally agree. Speaking of just getting up and playing, U2 opened up for themselves several times in 1987, disguised as a country group called "The Dalton Brothers".
 I knew it was used mostly in country, but didn't realize it was made specifically for it. George Strait is Amazon founder Jeff Bezos cousin! That would be an interesting holiday get together. 
 Haha. That's crazy. Queen's guitarist Brian May had a PhD in Astrophysics. Bet that helped when recording Bohemian Rhapsody. 
 That would be cool. Muse's guitarist Matthew Bellamy has the Guinness World Record for most guitars smashed on tours. Seems like that would be an easy record to beat -- if you had enough guitars. 
 No idea. I'll have to find out. And back to Brian May from Queen -- he uses coins for guitar picks. Bet that's hard on the strings. 
 Good question. Those crazy rockers. Henry Ford was so scared of the negative effects of jazz music that he helped finance the popularization of country music. SMH. 
 Interesting. I always wondered why 911 wasn't easier to dial on an old rotary phone. UNICEF will donate a day of clean water for every minute you do not use your cell phone. At that rate, they should have donated a year's worth in my case. 
 Been nice talking to you!
 See ya!
 I enjoy some country.     Uncle Tupelo is a great band.
 Interesting.     Have you heard anything by Richard Thompson or Mavis Staples?
 They are famous singers that Jeff Tweedy has worked with.
 I have heard that.     They are cousins, I believe.
 He is good.    I am a big fan of the Fender Stratocaster guitar.
 Pretty amazing since it is now a rock staple.    Even U2 uses them sometime.
 That's very awesome. I wish more companies would do things like that. Would make the world a much better place.
 Have a nice day.    I think I will go practice playing my acoustic guitar!
 Thanks have fun! Good day to you too.
 I love reading!
 lol I couldn't read as fast as Anne Jones, who holds the record of 4,700 words per minute.
 I'm not sure. lol  Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.
 Probably because it has to do with military things.  Ender's Game is also suggested reading for many military organizations including the United States Marine Corps.
 I haven't.  Saw the movie though. lol  In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.  That sounds crazy.
 I agree lol  CS Lewis and Tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry.  That sounds like it could be fun.
 lol  Let's talk about the sun.  About three quarters of the sun's mass consists of hydrogen.  The rest is mostley helium and the rest is much smaller quantities of various heavier elements.
 I don't know it.  Do you happen to know?
 Interesting!  The sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy!
 I know right?  A lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun.  About 5 times hotter!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Greetings! I hope you are well. These readings were certainly interesting!
 Yeah, we don't have think about reading once we do it well, so it's kind of interesting to think about it. Are you an avid reader?
 Even scarier, the next biggest star is a billion times the size of our sun.  
 I didn't grow up around soccer, so I never really became a fan. It didn't make it to my backwater Indiana town.
 Mesut Ozil, A German soccer player, donated his EU300,000 victory bonus to pay for poor children's surgeries in Brazil.  It was very nice of him.
 I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a good night.
 Thats fun! I do like to read, you? another fact about the sun, It is by far the most important source of energy for life on Earth.
 Wow. That's a lot of money. I know it is the world's game.
 Two people read funny things as seriously as they can, the first person to laughs looses.  CS Lewis and Tolkien did one of these competitions while reading bad poetry!
 Haha that is hilarious. Yes Samuel L. JAckson actually has a clause in his film contracts to play golf.
 Oh it's a character in the show. He is a monster! Huge guy. The show is about the 7 Kingdoms and the eighth season is going to premiere soon!
 I have not either. Anyways, thank you for the wonderful chat!
 After missing out on 40 games, and coming back to be in the post season, I would hope so.  He's a good player, but with his focus and strength, it wouldn't be a surprise if he picked up another NL MVP award.
 Personally, if I was in Gallo's shoes, I would harass him as well.  It's hard to beat Harper in the HR count.  A win is a win, even if it was only because he was injured for a quarter of the season!
 But, having a friend at the top with you can help people know your non-professional, non-interview side.  Gallo would be the one to tell people how fun Harper can be.
 I think it would be fun to play with someone like Phelps.  Growing up a swimmer, I know the personality type.
 The ones I knew who could do fly sank like a rock with breast.  But neither equates to golf.    VanDyken was my personal know.  She was great at overplaying her sportsmanship qualities.  :)
 That's so cool that am radios can pick up Jupiter's radio storms
 Yes, Avatar is the world wide proclaimed as highest grossing film over 2 billion.
 Animated film are contribute biggest in box office collection. Mostly kids liked movie have very high box office.
 The projection and analysis of these earnings is very important for the movie industries and knowing the interest of the fans. So only they are promoting the films in various way.
 Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of audiences and giving joy to them. Today entertainment plays major role in stress relief.
 Entertainment is vary from culture to culture. There are different type of entertainment like story telling, drama, dance etc...
 Its is Japanese multi-national electronic and video games company.
 I like playing baseball with my friends.
 Well it was great talking to you!
 I think so too. That is crazy, but it's still a ton of money! I am glad to see she gave a lot to charity. 
 I would love the chance to figure out what to do with it! She gave some to Girls, Inc. and End 68 Hours of Hunger and plans to give more away. 
 Hi, how are you?
 I like TV and sports. Did you know managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams? Can you imagine Bobby V trying to hit?
 Now there's dedicated baseball fans!!  We had a Brit over for dinner last night and we talked about "football" vs "soccer" etc., and how the names differ in the US and overseas.  It was fun chatting about that!
 Have you been to a Japanese baseball game? I have never been but watch them on TV. They are so fun! Almost as fun as find $3M in baseball cards in an attic!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Wow, the guy was all over. Nice chatting with you :)
 Yes. Time magazine included kim on the list of most influential people.
 Some times i watched her show very attractive and lot of knowledge.
 She used to be paris hiltons personal assistant and used to travel with her as her stylist.
 Now a days Drama are very rare. But its very pleasant to see it.
 Drama can be combined with music is very good to see it.
 Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama,.
 $700,000 per episode.
 The police capture the thieves and recover the jewels ?
 I think its valuable national treasure. Its duty to all people give clue about the robbery.
 Carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on the children's series sesame street.
 good morning to you!
 I have! I love that movie, Leo is one of my favorite actors
 and definitely very unique. The plot was hard to follow at times but I think they did an awesome job to make sure the audience never got too lost. 
 That's a good point. I like the ambiguity about the ended, it keeps people talking!
 You remember that rotating hallway fight scene? That wasn't CG at all. It was just a massive rotating set. They were really committed to making that scene cool
 I agree.   Ellen Page was also great.     I heard it took Christopher Nolan a long time to write that script.
 I heard the snow fortress was based on some actual building.
 It certainly is. The child that played Danny didn't know he was filing a horror movie. I'm glad he shielded him from that because that movie is intense. 
 That is very fitting. It was nice chatting with you
 Oh thats big in the 21st century.
 Probably better that Zuckerberg kept it.
 Yeah , for sure crazy! I don't miss facebook at all! Plus it didn't increase my wealth. Ha! For sure, it was very nice chatting with you as well!
 It is very nice. There is a section that has all the new modern stores and restaurants and an older section with great architecture and smaller stores.
 I've been cooking eggs in a muffin tin with vegetables and cheese. It's sort of a mix between an omelet and a souffle. Plus you can make them and refrigerate them for the week.
 Ha ha yes. I believe it was a very nice gesture on the part of Disney Land. I would have loved to have seen that. It sounds adorable.  
 Yes most of them are lol. A lot of celebrities are always getting divorced. I hope Justin Bieber lasts with his wife. The actual Justin Bieber, not the guy with the same name who got kicked off facebook!
 Same to you!
 Agreed. Do you ever dance? I think it is a beautiful, aesthetic, and symbolic form of human movement. 
 I have heard that and parrots too!
 Hah that is hilarious. I like when baseball players dance when they hit a home run. It is funny to watch. Hey it was really nice chatting with you tonight!
 Have a good one
 I like to go walking and exploring. Do you like dancing?
 I'm not either, unless there are spirits involved! I do like watching videos of dancing sometimes though!
 He won the hong kong cha cha championship in 1958! That's awesome!
 That's pretty cool! It must be a pretty crazy device! Tupac played in the Nutcracker in highschool. 
 Yeah, it is a really beautiful production. Do you like computers?
 Lol! Me too! The russians once made a computer that runs on water!
 I really have no idea, but I wonder why it didn't take off into production. Would have been a pretty cool invention. 
 That could be true. If I recall correctly computers once used to be the size of a house when they were first invented!
 Lol, I'm not even sure how that could be done! Smoking next to an apple computer voids the warranty! 
 I'm guessing theres something inside it that they could check that shows up if it has been around smoke. I do wonder how often they check it though!
 Yes, I think he's pretty good, right now his album is at the 69th spot.
 Yes you too, make sure you look up some Bob Ross painting videos on YouTube as well LOL
 Hi there!  Do you listen to albums or have any favorites?
 Nice!  One of my favorites in Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory".  It's one of the best selling albums of the 21st century!  Are you familiar with it?  Is Bill Evans country?
 Ahhh...ok.  I thought I heard the name before just couldn't place him.  Were you a Pink Floyd fan?  They released Dark Side of the Moon over 45 years ago now.  In 2014 is was still one of the best selling albums of that year.
 What is that?  lol
 Interesting!  I will have to try it.  Two indentical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992!  Good for them!  Are you a fan of rap?
 lol  I'm not a fan either.  But, I would like to hear the Korean rappers who invented a new freestyle called "compliment battle"  That might be entertaining!
 I agree!  Are you a youtube user?  I watch it a lot.
 Same here.  I watch a lot of concerts.  Did you know that it's also the 2nd largest search engine on the internet?
 I saw that.  They bought youtube in 2006 for $1.65 billion!
 Oh yeah.  Netflix and youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  So there's lots of eyes to view those ads.
 No doubt!  Thanks for the chat too!  Have a good night!
 True! Have good night!
 Thanks you too, and I hope if you're ever in legal trouble the judge does not give the ruling as a rap like she did with Eminem!
 I love YouTube! I'm actually listening to music on youtube now haha Do you?
 Same here, i am on a horror fetish right now on youtube too haha
 Yeah not everyone is i just like that Youtube offers horror movies!
 Yep, that is even how he got noticed was through youtube!
 Yea, do you blame people but they still wanted to watch his youtube video though haha
 Did you also know that there are 70 full episodes of The joy of painting on youtube also, i loved Bob Ross
 Yeah, he has his own channel dedicated to those happy trees!
 Cool, i'm sure he will be happy if you did!
 That's pretty interesting since Youtube and Netflix are internet based companies!
 Yeah me too and did you know that Youtube first started out as a dating website? Of course that makes sense since its name youtube
 I believe it!
 Ok, it was great chatting with you too! Have a great night, take care!
 Hello. I like to dance in front of the mirror sometimes. Lol. I havent done much dancing otherwise.
 Or if they just had one manager pinch hitting and the other pitching. They could face off for the last out of the game. That would be pretty awesome.
 Have a good one. 
 It is Bieber's Baby. Nice chatting with you
 hELLO, DO YOU USE A COMPUTER?
 Yeah, that is awesome huh? And that the space shuttle's computer only uses 1mb ram
 Yeah there is more ram in my phone. That's crazy. The russians once built a computer that ran on water in 1936.
 Wow thats cool, i wonder the world doesnt use it now. Talk about eco friendly!
 I believe it was just used to measure for pouring concrete.
 That's true but could you just imagine
 So have you heard of these transhumanist. They want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks.
 Yeah, they are already trying to make it a reality using AI
 That would be cool if you could live in a computer. Sit in the den of the house so all the family members can come ask your advice for the rest of eternity.
 Yeah, your consciousness would even retain your memories, cool
 I love baseball, yeah they were totally shocked!
 Did you know that the manager is allowed to play in the gam. That why they wear a uniform.
 Yep, but of course if absolutely necessary. Some of them aren't in the best shape!
 Lol. that is true. I never really played baseball. I played kickball or as the canadians like to call it soccer baseball.
 Yeah, i loved kickball i played it as a kid in elementary school
 WOW, i hope he sold them and got the money!
 I think I might have kept a few of the most expensive ones. So how do you feel about dancing?
 yeah, you're right! I love to dance i go dancing every weekend and you?
 Yeah I love to go dancing. I hope you have a good rest of your day.
 Yeah, i hope you do too, it was a great chat! Bye
 I agree with that, you never know where you'll end up. Bruno ended up being a world champion for like 8 years in a row.
 Possibly, it is a combat sport after all.
 I've wrestled one time when I was a kid. It never really interested me personally but it did get me into martial arts. A lot of what I learned were wrestling techniques.
 Well, it was good chatting with you!
 I agree. the food seems enticing though, like Florentine style steak and brazino. And ricotta cheesecake for dessert
 The margherita pizza does sound good.  I would like to try it.  Not sure making a pizza requires a executive chef with a fancy name.
 Ah, the selfie.  I would like a selfie with lemon ricotta cheesecake from the restaurant. 
 If that jellyfish could learn, would it care that 84 percent of genes in human diseases have counterparts in  zebrafish.  That is the ultimate fake news.
 Caesar made the remark that people bred chickens for entertainment, not food.  I think Steve Martin is more entertaining than a chicken.
 Haha well I think you are right!
 I don't know about you, but I still think it's incredible how much the internet has become integrated into our lives
 HI, I love to go to the theater. I really hope to see Hamilton someday at the Kennedy Center.
 They should take another vote. Governments job is to determine policy and enforce it in a manner that reflects the will of the people
 Don't forget catocracy. The cat in 10 downing st has a government title.
 Glad the app maker wasn't eating a Big Mac. 
 Makes sense. I'm so addicted I'm gonna move to Alexandria...just in case the internet burns down.
 Cool. That means there are indeed hamburgers on Mt Everest.
 Yeah...maybe they should move to the Amazon rain forest. The Norwegian government might help.
 Well, I better leave before they hatch a plan to destroy me. Nice chatting with you.
 Well one thing that is not depressing is that the Norwegian government donated 1 billion dollars to the Amazon rainforest so that is at least something nice that they did
 Yes I agree. But I'm just glad that we didn't have someone like the guy in France who tried to sell the Eiffel Tower twice, I can't imagine if someone tried to sell the Statue of Liberty that would be crazy LOL
 Yes I don't think so. Unfortunately. what do you think about prime ministers? I think it's funny that in 1995 a radio station prank call Queen Elizabeth LOL and pretended to be the canadian prime minister
 Yes it's the button that has three horizontal lines on it, it is nicknamed the hamburger button but the name makes me hungry LOL normally it's used for menus online
 Yes thank you for being an excellent chat partner! And also make sure to read the terms of service online, apparently only about 7% of people do
 That's pretty cool, it be nice if the US gave gifts to their citizens turning 100 like Japan does
 I am. That genre has some of my favorite films. Bill Murray's favorite is King Fu Hustle.
 I love Bill Murray!  I've never seen that movie though.  I'll have to watch it.  The Green Lantern film was originally going to be a comedy starring Jack Black.  I think that might have been pretty good.
 I kind of think that's pretty neat of him to do that.  Did you ever like watching 3rd Rock from the Sun?
 I know.  I'm guessing though that all of those shows probably won the golden globe for best comedy series at some point.
 Yes it is.  Crazy.  The creator of the python programming language named it partly to honor the British comedy group Monty Python.  I remember some of the movies they did.
 Those are great movies. British people are very talented. William Shakespeare's 39 plays have been translated into every living language and are performed more than any other playwright.
 He is regarded as the greatest writer in the English language!
 Wow.  I didn't know that either.  I know he coined many phrases we still use today like "Good riddance" "wild goose chase" and more.
 I agree!  Do you have any favorite Dramas that you watch?
 I used to like that show.  That's a lot of money for one show!  Holy moly. I liked Mad Men, which starred Jon Hamm.
 Wow!  I didn't know that.  I loved the Office!  There is a website where you can listen to thousand's of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.  I might have to look that up.  I've always wanted to listen to some old shows like that.
 That would be a lot of fun to listen to. Well thanks for chatting, I learned a lot of new and interesting information today.
 It's been fun!  Have a good one!
 Hi, how are you?
 I think he has a lucarative career ahead of him! I wish I got that money!
 That's true. Those are usually the really good kids that, when given that kind of money, put it in a slow growth mutual fund. 
 Right? I mean wouldn't you be worried? I feel like nothing else, at least get . me a game or tow so I don't get too bored...
 Really! I feel like Starbucks is our finland. They always have free internet. Plus good drinks.
 Ha! So good.... Nice chatting with you!
 It depends on the program! Programs usually are put through rigorous trials, to make sure the art is convincing and that it looks like it was human-made. It's only a matter of time before it becomes so good and well-trained no one can really tell. 
 People wouldn't know what to do. Luckily there is a saved copy at the current library of Alexandria.
 Yes it does indeed. Someone even built a working 16-bit computer using nothing but the basic mine craft building blocks. Great talking with you too partner!
 I like cars!  They are my how I get around. lol
 I didn't know that.  Sounds scary.  The first patent for a car was issued in 1886 to Karl Benz!  
 That's a good idea!  I need one for where I live.  I see the first car available to the masses was the Ford Model T and it came out in 1908.
 I think that would have been interesting to be alive during that era when both horses and cars shared the road at the same time.
 haha True!  I didn't know that.  Wonder why they didn't have them before then?
 I agree!  I had no idea.  There must have been a lot of soldiers going to McDonalds? lol
 Yes!  Antoine de la mothe Cadillac!
 Good point! lol  Jann Mardenborough became a professional race car driver after beating 90,000 people in Gran Turismo.  Interesting!
 lol me too!  Did you know that Spotify has 4 million songs that haven't been played once?  lol crazy.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 It would be funny trying to go through a Mcdonald's drive thru with a flamethrowing car.
 Yes, it brings a whole new meaning to the concept of flame grilled. Oh, wait. I think that's Burger King! LOL! 
 Nice. After I go through a drive thru I like to listen to Spotify, there's still 4 million songs that no one has played on there yet
 I practiced mindfulness for a few weeks in the morning. I found it actually boosted my energy during the day. 
 Well apparently Iceland doesn't have public service rails, and so you just fly between cities, so maybe you don't need a car LOL
 Oh I agree with you. But it also smells like horses everywhere haha. I have been there and there are no Cars, just horses.
 Yep they definitely blew it. They had their chance for 50 million, and now Netflix is worth two billion LOL definitely kicking themselves now
 Yeah, it is cool that Amazon sells so many things from audio books to software to mp3s to video games to electronics to apparel to food to toys and more!
 No, I don't like television. I prefer to watch movies once in a while. I love Music. To play and sing!
 I guess nobody because he was even rejected for a movie role cause he didn't look like a president!
 There was a band that used the money they earned from spotify to fund a free tour.  They earned 20K on Spotify. 
 cathode ray tube amusement devices. nice chat
 I've been to the airport and Ann Arbor, but never Detroit itself.  Soon it will be all self driving cars, I'm looking forward to that, then I can read as I go.
 hi, que opinas del tema  'The Boy Who Came Back'
 Alex, now paralyzed from the neck down, admitted he had fabricated the story. "I did not die,hi" he wrote in a blog post.
 yes sure
 Sorry "Alex" and what do you think about the lawsuit
 I said I went to heaven because I thought it would get me attention." The admission created a firestorm within the worlds of evangelical faith and Christian publishing
 yes sure
 yes i am also think this one
 yes i already know
 i admire audi a3
 A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.
 thank you
 I bet its pretty old and I guess those are also ilegal lol, and yeah my current phone is an IPhone, what about you?
 I see thats too bad, I guess Send me to Heaven isnt the game for you then lol
 good morning. I knew it would be a good article if Florida was involved. And Vanilla Ice? What a head line!
 And to set off a multiagency search too. That's a lot of resoureces for a kangaroo
  It is the second such escape to attract national attention in recent months, after a South Carolina kangaroo ran off twice in May.
 I know, that's good. Rapper and apparent animal enthusiast Vanilla Ice, a.k.a. Robert Van Winkle, lost his goat Pancho and his wallaroo (a kangaroo-wallaby mix) Bucky Buckaroo when the pair escaped his property in 2004.
 Did you know Over 1.5 million living animal species have been described of which around 1 million are insects but it has been estimated there are over 7 million animal species in total.
 I have a dog with a white patch on her head. Huh!
 "The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat", ingenious!
 For some there is amoral panic over phones and kids usage of them.  I suppose the new thing comes along and people are worried about them, soon they become just another part of our lives.
 I think, at the moment anyway, I prefer reading to my phone.  I still like an actual book to looking at a screen, never got into the e-book thing.
 A pet bear, oh my God.  Did you know that in Boulder, Colorado, you cannot own a pet legally.  You can however, be their guardian. 
 Wow i had no idea. I'm not an I-phone fan but fun fact- It is impossible to separate two phone books that simply have their pages overlapped
 Really, I didn't know that.  I think it is cool that for every minute you do not use your cell phone, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need.
 Really wonder why he would want to do that.
 Maybe he was asking to much. I bet it sells at an auction though. He might not get what he is wanting for it though.
 Well that is a lot of money. Im sure it is a nice house though.
 That does sound nice. I heard about this guy who found 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grandpas attic. Wouldnt that be nice.
 Yeah. Apparently the cards were hidden in the attic since the 1940s. 
 I would say so. Im sure he had a hard time or two in his life when a bunch of money would have helped out. 
 Thats amazing, but did you know that a lightning bolt is actually 5 times hotter than the sun.
 Yeah I think they are trying to with solar power. Itss just not there yet. 
 I didnt. Why is that.
 How interesting. I might look up more info on that. Have a good one. 
 Did you know that the sun is actually white.
 I know right. Atmospheric scattering makes it look yellow.
 Your probably right about that. Did you know that a lighting bolt is 5x hotter than the sun
 Not sure. Probably beause it doesnt last very long.
 If only we could harness all that power.
 I mean that we need an effecient way to harness that power. Solar is probably the answer. It is just not even close to what we need yet.
 That is true. Whoever figures it out though and makes it something everyone uses, is gonna be rich.
 What is a utopia exatly.
 That sounds wonderful.
 No I can't dance well, but I could do the robot dance and Funky Chicken LOL just like her
 Yeah that solo set the speakers on fire. Must have turned it to "11".
 Definitely. Well, nice chatting.
 Hi, Do you like to read the harry potter books?
 Speaking of dancing, babies spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile when they hit the beat!  They are naturals!
 He was the best dancer in the world.
 Yep. I would still like to learn guitar. I could float around with Pink Floyd on the river Thames. 
 Big time.  Did you know that Brian May from Queen uses coins as his guitar picksZ?
 It would give him a different sound.  I was surprised to find out that he also has PHD in atstrophysics.  He must be a genius.
 Yes...I've seen the 12 string guitars....and of course bass guitars only have 4 strings.  lol
 That's interesting. Didn't know that.  Matthew Bellamy from Muse holds the record for most guitars smashed on tour.  He must have a good endorsement deal. lol
 I'm thinking the ones that smash aren't the real high quality ones or the normal ones they play.  Just a guess though. lol
 I might have...lol  I once had a Gibson SG.  That was a sweet guitar wish I still had it.  
 Ahhh...ok. lol  Do you know much about dancing?  
 Hhaha I stink at it.  I was surprised though to read that Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 I agree!  I have to get going.  It's been fun talking guitars with you!
 Otters are such a cool animal, I love watching videos of them online.
 Yes and the fact that they eat floating on their backs and using their stomachs as a table!
 I saw them in an animal sanctuary once and they had set up a slide for them to play on. They were really taking advantage of it.
 Yes, baby elephants are also adorable. I would love to visit an elephant sanctuary.
 I recently went through a bout with cancer so I would be all for getting rid of that disease!
 Getting there, it's a bit of a process. It was fun chatting with you, have a great day!
 wow I want one! I also want to live in the town with a cat mayor named stubbs! haha
 haha no hes been the mayor since 1997, so he obviously is the boss!
 they are, oh I also like the loch ness monster, I hope that since scotland passed a law protecting it that it could be real! haha
 haha thats cool I'll have to check that out, they passed the law in 1912 so hopefully hes still alive!
 I saw the movie last year! Rami malek was great. Freddie loved his cats so much that he would call and speak to them.
 He did! And Rami is now dating his costar from the film.
 Cats are furry carnivores. They make great companions.
 That makes sense! Those rotary phones were a pain in the butt. I love today's iphones with their strong computing power.
 It's very impressive! I appreciate the tech of phones connecting two or more people to communicate with ease.
 That is a lot more complicated than using a phone book! Although overlapping pages can't be separated. 
 That is pretty crazy! Another fun fish to have would be the barreleye fish since the head is transparent
 In any case, thank you for the enjoyable chat. I look forward to seeing Netflix's Maniac.
 Are they Macs? Do they smoke? If so, do not upload to a Mac as the warranty will be voided. Don't lose your mind!
 Space ships only use a 16 bit computer when they fly into space!
 The hudson bay region of canada has been found to have less gravity than the rest of the earth.
 Have you ever watched the movie, The Incredible Mr Limpet? It is about a human that falls into the ocean and becomes a fish. Quite a drama!
 Hi, No, I have not, sounds pretty crazy but I am curious about it. What I can tell you is I love to snorkel and see the fish under the sea..love to learn about them
 Yeah. Too bad we can't breath under water lie those gill-bearing aquatic craniates can!
 Would be cool if we could.. Did you know there is a type of Jellyfish that is immortal
 I think I saw that on Highlander... Haha.  Freshwater fish can drink water through their skin like a jellyfish, but saltwater fish cannot.  I wonder why jellies can drink in the salt water but fish cannot?
 Wow, so much to learn. that is right saltwater use their mouths!! So interesting. Have you heard about the black swallower?
 Has a hero's name but is  a fish that is sort of superhero, because of the way he eats!
 Yeah, I have heard of those fish. I have a friend like that. He can eat 10 times his weight too!
 That is incredible and eat a prey twice its own length!!!
 You know, fish and human have a number of things in common. For example, both suffer from lack of body hair.  We humans supposedly lost our about 240k years ago, but mine is still falling out...
 LOL And did you know they can  communicate by transmitting acoustic signals?
 Really?  Are you talking about fish or humans? Mr Limpet could talk, but my guppies seem to lack that ability.  There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans, and my cat knows which one it is...
 Oh I was referring about fish!....Did you know that the seahorse is the only fish that has a neck!!
 Yeah, but my guppies are a pain in the neck sometimes...but so am I.  But at least I, like most humans, can regrow a surgically-removed rib in about 2-3 months. So, I got that going for me!
 hahaha that is too much drama! By the way remember Hugh Laurie?
 Oh, yeah. The dude that plays House on TV?  He earns like $700k per episode for that job.  I wonder if he needs a valet? 
 Thats the one, imagine $700,000 per episode! I remember also Jim Carey acting in a drama movie, he is good but will not do it again.
 I wonder why? He was so good in The Mask. THe things that motivate actors are interesting. Michael Caine got into acting because he was interested in getting close to some pretty girls. That is a motivation I can understand.
 And the t he took the drama seriously! good for him, he is excellent!!
 I wonder if he teaches drama classes?  Joe hamm taught drama at his old school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, who played the role of Erin in The Office. Good show!  Nice chatting with you!
 Well, I've enjoyed chatting! Have a good day, and enjoy the radio dramas!
 I think we should forget about these people.  Here's something positive instead, UNICEF will donate a day of clean water for each minute you don't use your phone.  That feels better.
 Hello!  Would you rather eat a fish or have one as a pet?
 A 43-yr old goldfish would turns some heads. And since the seahorse is the only fish with a neck, is could turn their heads too.
 Speaking of seahorse, have you ever seen a barrel eye fish. This fish has a transparent head. It should be called a "no-see horse".
 Nice! Jellyfish are pretty transparent, and there is a breed of jellies that is immortal. So you can forever never see-ums!
 The very thought makes me thirsty' Yom know, freshwater fish only drink through their skin, but saltwater fish can also drink by mouth. But even if the fish is fully hydrated, if they wash up on the beach, they stink.
 That would be a callange. Here is another challenging puzzle: the black swallower fish can eat prey ten times it's own weight. The trouble is, black swalower fish don't know how to weigh themselves...
 And since humans lost their body hair 240,000 years ago, they have been embarrassed for over a minute.
 I never thought of it that way. Early hominins are in several ways more similar to ancestral non-human apes, are less often referred to as "human". I wonder what their hair was like.
 One of the eternal mysteries of life. Here is another: There is a sound frequency that induces fear in human. How is it that my wife can sustain that frequency for days at a time.
 It sounds a lot like my wife. It must be a female thing. I bet that's why goosebumps evolved. Goosebumps are an evolutionary trait used to make fur stand up to make an animal appear larger.
 That thought gives me goosebumps. Fortunately, humans are also the best distance runners in the animal kingdom. So, when something big enough to give you goose bumps crosses your path, you can high tail it out of there and put some distance between you and the offender. This tactic does not work with wives. They know where you are going before you do.
 Goosebumps again. Despite all our dialogue on wives' abilities, it is still true that women motivate us in positive ways also. Like the actor, Michael Caine, who only joined drama because he thought the girls were hot. The things we will do for a good woman.
 I guess that's why they call it "Mad Men." John Hamm used to teach drama at his old high school. One of his students was Ellie Kemper, who played Erin from the office.
 That's a lot of money. My wife would probably spend it all. I would have to get a second job such as teaching. Patrick Stewart teaches master classes for drama students in the UK.
 Make it so number 1. It's been nice chatting with you!
 I m not a huge fan of classical music in general myself.  I think the piano is an amazing acoustic, stringed instrument.  
 True! I just read recently that four concert goers were so dissatisfied with a 2002 Creed concert that they filed a lawsuit against the band! LOL...I'm not a big fan of their recorded stuff either. 
 I heard that he will only make movies that project positivity. I suppose that is nice.
 I think I would really enjoy listening to that. I think I like comedy more than drama. The green lantern was originally supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black.
 I really like Bill Murray. His favorite movie is Kung Fu Hustle. He thinks it is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy."
 Possibly could have been. Hard to believe they've cancelled that many. Well, it was good talking to you. 
 You are exactly right. Ellie Kemper from The Office!
 Yeah it is an odd thing they got going on with that. The Green Lantern was originally going to star Jack Black now that would have been hilarious.
 Hey! How are you doing today?
 I do, it's such a beautiful instrument. The hospital I work at has a piano in the lobby and people will come in and play it from time to time and I love just standing there listening to them play. 
 I didn't know that, I guess it got burned up in the fiery crash.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I've got to get to work, now.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
 Not really, You ?
 That what they said about Chopin's song... that only him could play and it was simply too difficult for anybody else :)
 I think the main question is... why... ;) lol :) why ! Who the hell wants to play piano after mountain climbing :) put a bar over there with warm wine ! :)
 yes they were :) young and successful !  
 I agree ;) all that booze and drugs after the concerts were probably not helping :) or were they... ? :) lol
 lol :) You're probably right !  Hey it was really nice chatting with You ! :)
 Great chat!
 Hello, no i don't own a car.
 I have no idea, who?
 That's very interesting to hear. I guess i have to brush up on my american history.
 That sounds pretty ridiculous to me plus i dont t
 Yeah well, its south africa if there is no law to say otherwise then people will do it.
 I take public transportation or taxi's and you?
 I have to have good walking shoes for as much as i walk. I'm almost like a ballet dancer and go through 4 pairs of shoes each week!
 Oh yeah me too mine look so old you would be shocked to know that they were bought not too long ago. lol
 Yep, i do that every night!
 It definately works but of course using regular powder helps too.
 Yeah that is nice of him. Nice chat
 I don't think so.  I am grateful that McDonald's invented the drive-thru in 1974.  It helped out soldiers as well as lazy people like me.
 yes US adopted Cars much faster than the rest of the world 
 Funny.  I like the business attire in Hawaii - aloha shirts.
 sure fun and relaxing work costume indeed .. they can celebrate vacation in office 
 Same here. I do not swim that much but I occasionally go to the pool every once and a while. I also enjoy watching swimming in the olympics;
 Yep, I bet that they were very surprised when they got beat by them!
 I guess that is why. Nice chatting with you!
 I've got to run.  It was a pleasure chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 Wow, I did not. And I agree that we are resilient. The latest large shooting had the kids come out strong against gun violence. Sandy Hook is suing Alex Jones and Info Wars...
 We have some pretty good swimmers, thats great, I think Phelps is one of the best swimmers in history.
 Nice training with you?
 Yeah I know! I've done it a time or two myself (I was taught how to in high school) so that is quite funny about what the NBA players think about it. 
 No, I usually buy regular sneakers (I've actually never owned a pair of basketball shoes), but it is cool that Nike offered to pay the fine whenever Michael Jordan wore them on the court.
 Yes, they calculate traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road. I also find it funny that they once used hundreds of live goats to help mow the lawns around their headquarters.
 They are such a creative company really. Good for them. It was nice chatting with you.
 Not even remotely. Google always has the best results when you are looking into something. Not to mention all their productivity apps. Google calendar is fantastic. 
 Hi there!  Yes I follow basketball.  What is his contract status?
 Out of the 30 teams in the NBA, I wonder who he would sign with if he hits free agency?
 Did you hear about the big lifetime endorsement deal that Allen Iverson signed?
 That is a sweet deal.  He's lucky.  Physicists proved that my favorite shot "the granny shot" is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line.
 lol  Did you ever own a pair of Air Jordan's?  They were banned by the NBA but Michael Jordan wore them anyway because Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game he wore them.
 LOL Nice!  Tim Duncan sacrificed money to stay in college for 4 years instead of directly going to the NBA.  I think he did that as a promise he had made to his grandmother.
 That's pretty incredible.  I liked how google used live goats one time to mow the lawns around their headquarters.
 It had to be alot.  lol  Do you use google maps?
 I've been led off course a few times using it.  There's a reservoir by me where they show an old road that used to be there still be active and it literally takes you right across the lake. lol  On Aug. 2013 google went down for about 5 minutes and took 40 percent of the web traffic with it.  I don't remember that.
 I didn't know that.  Google was founded in 1998.  I could have swore I used google before then.  Guess my memory isn't that good.
 Taylor Swift fan? She's huge now.
 I just know she is hot :) I've never listened to her music ;)
 Well, videos - especially in high quality is a lot of data, I mean those files are huge, no wonder they take so much internet traffic ;) Some mighty servers behind that fact ;)
 lol ! ;) could be ! ;) but maybe they got some videos of crazy car chases ?
 Yeah, maybe some crazy 911 calls or something. Did you know that NY's area code 212 was the fastest way to dial a number on an old rotary phone?
 Yes.  They made some big money off of it when google bought it in 2006 for $1.65 billion dollars!
 Whoa!   I believe it.  It is also the 2nd largest search engine on the net.
 Yes.  I love how it gives users the chance to create their own content.  Together with Netflix they both make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  Shows how much people love to watch video.
 Sounds right.  Justin Bieber's Baby is the most disliked video on youtube.  lol
 Nice.  Did you remember Psy's Gangnam Style video?  It got so many views that youtube had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits!  
 I know right!  Police have their own youtube called blutube!
 Holy cow.  That's incredible.  Technology has come a long way.  An iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.  
 Interesting!  Speaking of the old dial phones....New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.  
 I have to get going.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Have you ever watched any of the live streamers on youtube like ice poseidon or adam22? they're both pretty funny
 In my opinion, the very best challenge was the alas ice bucket challenge. Bill Gates even made a youtube video on that one.
 I do. You yourself? And I believe that google is the largest search engine, although Youtube is owned by Google if I am not mistaken.
 Maybe You Belong to Me?  I think she could release anything and it would become a hit!
 Especially her shake it off song. I think she really started to take off from there.
 That's pretty cool.  I gotta check that out.  Gotta head out.  Nice chatting with you.
 Yes they should make a Led Zeppelin cover band do a concert there LOL.
 I just learned that! I'm actually going to see School of Rock the musical next month.
 I saw Ed Sheeran in October and he was amazing! 
 I do. But I don't rap in the shower bro. 
 I agree with you. What do you think about the judge who gave her judgment in the form of a rap to him, it seems like she has too much time on her hands in my opinion LOL
 I'm not sure what the case was for. But I know that he was involved, and she felt the need to give the ruling in rap form haha. I guess I should look it up on YouTube it might be funny
 Interesting.  ET was originally supposed to be a horror movie.
 It was originally written to be that, but they changed it.  I wonder what that little boy was thinking during the filming? lol  
 Hmm...that's funny.  Coming from Stephen King I think I would believe he was serious.  He has a unique twisted mind. lol
 I don't think I've ever heard him mention any of them.  The 1996 horror film Scream was originally supposed to be title Scary Movie.  I can't believe that movie came out over 20 years ago!
 That sounds like a neat instrument to have around during halloween. lol  The writer of the Rocky Horror Picture show is the voice of the dad on Phineas and Ferb.
 Hahaha Yes and I am guilty of taking up some of the bandwidth as well!  lol
 I believe it because I also am a heavy youtube user. LOL  I find it ironic how in 2000 Netflix proposed that Blockbuster should use Netflix as it's online service and Blockbuster laughed them out of the office.  Now Blockbuster is out of business.
 I am and that sounds funny for some reason.  I'm going to have to check out Noclue.  He's the worlds fastest English language rapper and rap at a rate of 14.1 syllables per second!
 I remember him voicing that part!  It was nice chatting with you!  ...and you have a great day as well!
 I would have liked to listen to "The War of the Worlds"  broadcast
 Hello - I am a huge fan of rock music and I love Led Zeppelin. What about you?
 They did do Stairway to Heaven, but not sure about Robert Plant. 
 She's a super model, whatever that means. Belichick is a great coach, they make such a great duo. Can't wait to seem them play next weekend.
 Seriously! I hope so, I mean he has won five Super Bowls! That's a great stat!
 and he's also quite handsome, I might add
 Hi, how are you?
 I remember reading that. I too have a nice arctic cold. did you know Chicago is colder than antarctic? I do because I worked out this morning and it said -24 on my truck...
 Yeah, it's cold. At least it's not flooding like in DC
 Intermittent downpours in the afternoon caused issues. Although I think this is from the summer as it says a high near 80. That's 102 degrees hotter than I am right now!
 Me too. I find IMDB to be quite useful too for gauging whether or not the movie would be enjoyable for me. I also like Amazon's low-end products sold under its in house brand AmazonBasics.
 Hopefully it'll be super simple and hassle-free.
 Hopefully. Nice chatting with you!
 It's currently snowing. ugh lol  Do you use Amazon Alexa to get your daily forecasts?
 I don't though I use Amazon for other things. The sell video downloads, software, video games, electronics, apparel,food, toys, jewelry and other things. I've bought a little of everything from them it feels!
 Me too.  I was just curious.  I'm afraid of using the Amazon Echo because I've read things about eavesdropping.
 I actually do remember that!  Did you ever buy any of their low-end products under it's in-house brand AmazonBasics?  I never have.
 Nice!  That would be the perfect way to get paid and stay in shape wouldn't it?
 The closes warehouse my me is over an hour drive away otherwise I would think about working there at least part time.  Why do you wish you were the first Amazon customer?
 Nice!  Did you know that Best Buy and Target will price match Amazon?  I didn't know that.
 Amazon hold a patent on 1 click buying and apple pays them licensing fees.  They are making money everywhere.
 Yikes!  That sounds like chaos.  An elementary school replaced desks with reading bicycles and test scores skyrocketed.  That's kind of neat and something I never heard of before.
 I haven't but that is something that I would be interested in.  I'm going to have to look that up.  President Andrew Johnson never attended school in his life.   His wife helped him to learn math and how to read.  That's amazing.  
 I don't know but I would be able to read a lot of books if I could read that fast!
 It does seem popular but I prefer to look up my weather and get all my information by just looking up on Google.
 I know.  Anyway, I need to go.  Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah I guess. Nice chatting with you.
 I know him all too well since he cheated with deflating the footballs
 His wife Gisele makes twice as much as he does. LOL
 That is hilarious! I wonder what Brady's wife does?
 Yeah, that would explain it then. Did you know that Bill belichick lists Tom Bradey on the injured list even though he's not injured?? That is crazy!
 Yeah, or a way to sycke other teams to get an advantage while Brady plays.
 Maybe its because he has never eaten a strawberry in his life and that is good luck hahaha
 HAHAH! I love strawberries
 Me too, but apparently Brady don't
 I dont think the fans will mind too much about the owner unlike if it was one of the players getting arested
 Yeah, no charges were probably pressed. Did you know that the game of thrones author called the Patriots the lannisters of the NFL
 I have no idea something the author came up with
 LOL. I would guess it isn't a good thing.
 probably, not. Another thing that is not good for the patriots is that they are equal with the bills...in super bowl losses hahaha
 I did not know that. That's one more thing it has in common with Jeff Bezos.
 Better than a yellow jeff bezos. I drew ligthening bolts red. i wonder if thats accurate
 It produces enough energy in 1 sec to meet our energy needs for 500K years. Some one lean to harvest this thing!
 you'd think bezos would take some time out of building clocks into mountains to figure this sun energy thing out.
 judging from recent news, the amazon postman definitely rings twice. Bezos must feel as hot as a lightening bolt
 First books, now movies. They are controlling everything. There's sort of a 18th century-like moral panic about them.
 wow. but yeah...software, tvs, furniture, food, etc...they gotta cover a lot of ground.
 kindle is great. One cna read a lot faster. not speed reading fast like anne jones' 4700 words/min, but fast nonetheless
 yeah, one wonders if you can keep a sense of creativity and critical analysis reading that fast
 yeah, you're like a lightening bolt, you may be 5x faster  but then you are gone
 Hello!  Did you know that the sun is actually white?
 The sun is so amazing, but not even the biggest star that we know about!
 So true! Would be awesome to harness that energy!! Also crazy that it is stated that is a nearly perfect sphere! Do you watch the bachelor?
 I like drama I really like the new show a million little things or something like that.
 Thats pretty cool!!! Lol Michael Caine became an actor because the prettiest girls in his school were in the class!! lol
 Haha, that's a good idea!!  I like that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because he prefers to promote positivity!  It's nice that he does that...and has the option to do that!
 I guess so! What is your favorite kind of drama, is tv shows? I also think plays are pretty good too!
 I really am into dramas and maybe some action. Do you like poetry? the earliest form of drama
 tHE SUN IS PRETTY AWESOME. Did you know that helium was first discovered on the sun before it was found on earth?
 That is interesting and no I have not heard that station before. THe sun takes up about 99.86 percent of the mass of our solar system.
 Yeah didnt Jeff bezos name a building after the guy who made it?
 It would be awesome to hae a building named after me. Lol. Do you read much?
 Silent reading is actually a new phenomenon. Only the most skilled readers used to be able to read silently. Have a wonderful day.
 I think The Blossom Kite Festival, formerly the Smithsonian Kite Festival, is an annual kite event usually held on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. in late March during the National Cherry Blossom Festival. 
 Sorry, i'm not. Have you been?
 Oh, it's interesting. I like it.
 No, i have not, but i like Alexa. 
 I learn when the best time to check weather in advance is Yet the unflinching smiles of TV meteorologists often seem more like the grins back to the weather forecast and begrudgingly take note of their predictions for the weekend ahead.
 Does weather.com make you the right decision?
 I will use it in the coming days.
 Yes, i use it. It is very useful for everyone. 
 The World's Most Innovative Companies 2018. Amazon is a cloud computing giant and the largest American e-commerce company.
 Sorry, i do not know about this.
 I don't know.  But reading is so complex and everyone has their own interpretation of what they read which I think is why reading is so great.
 I didn't know that!  How interesting!
 Awesome!  It is the star at the center of the solar system.
 Incredible.  It's a nearly perfect sphere of hot plasma!  That just sounds neat.  lol
 A lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun...about 5 times hotter!
 No doubt!  Do you use Amazon?
 I do. I love Amazon prime and I use it on my tv everyday and shop on Amazon too.
 Same here.  I can't believe it's been almost 25 years since the company was started in 1994.
 Interesting.  They probably own that site and direct people who look up the movies back to Amazon to buy the movies from there.  
 Nice!  I like the contract they have with the U.S. postal service to deliver packages on Sundays.
 YES! I love that. For years you knew if you didn't get your mail on Saturday, you weren't going to see it until Monday.
 Yes.  I think Amazon is probably playing a big part in helping to keep the postal system afloat.
 Amazon ceo Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years!  I had fun too!
 lol Thanks for the chat!  Have a great day!
 I buy everything from amazon! their workers walk between 7 and 15 miles a day as part of their shift. lol good exercise
 I actually like it but it saddens me at the same time how much they've hurt brick and mortar stores.
 Yes.  I agree.  They probably get good exercise by working at the warehouses.  Do you know many miles per day an Amazon warehouse worker walks?
 You're pretty spot on I would say.  They walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift!
 That is true!  I like how Amazon has provided the chance for people to work for themselves like with Amazon delivery, Mturk, and selling things on Amazon itself.
 So true. To think it all started with a little amazon bookstore like 25 years ago. It would be so neat to have the honor of being amazon's first customer. 
 Whoa!  Nice!  ...and yes!  LOL  I noticed before Christmas we were getting Amazon packages on Sunday.  I see that Amazon has a contract with the US post office to deliver packages on Sundays so that explains it.
 I do love getting some things on a sunday especially computer parts when I'm in a bind for them. It makes the subscription price a little more worth it to have that kind of access to things. 
 I agree.  I do like getting them on Sundays.  I didnn't know that Amazon also owns IMDB.  They've owned it since 1998.
 That makes sense then.  Did you know that the sun is actually white?
 Yes....the yellow is because of atmospheric scattering.  :)
 I wouldn't want to be pulverized by one of those!  The sun produces enough engergy in 1 second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years!  I'm going to have to jump off here.
 Oh yeah are used Amazon all the time! I love how they can deliver on Sunday because I have a contract with USPS.
 Yeah she could even call the moral panic like what happened back in 18th century LOL! Great talking with you too I hope you have a great day.
 I would never do that. No pleasure. Ive had a wonderful time chatting with you this evening! Enjoy Facebook! In the future, maybe you can upload your mind to it.
 Thanks
 bye
 Good afternoon, I live in Florida, so yeah I know a little.  Lol how about you?
 I heard about the Long Now initiative.  I read up on it and it's an interesting project.  Glad that Jeff is spending his riches on such a worthy endeavor.
 Kinds know it for its tech stuff.  I get Prime so I'm usually doing video streaming or downloading.
 Ha! Amazon did save me from Super Bowl celebrations.  I'm not a big football so watch some Amazon shows like that Jack Ryan series instead.  Dang it. Forgot the actor's name.
 Me too!  I can't believe it was founded almost 25 years ago on July 5th, 1994.  
 I love that.  It's probably helping to keep the postal service in business too.
 Yes!  Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years.  That's when you know you've made it when you can do something like that. lol
 That was named after Amazon's first customer right?
 IMDB has been owned by Amazon since 1998.  I had no idea.
 I always look up and think "boy...that sure looks like a nearly perfect sphere of hot plasma"  lol
 lol  The sun is actually white and is only perceived as yellow because of atomosperic scattering.  Interesting.  It's been fun chatting!
 You have a good night as well!
 Cold!!! Really cold. Like 5 degrees. What about you?
 That's more than I have read. My wife finishes 3 books a week. Maybe that's why I am so self-consious about it.
 Maybe she is the world record holder and never told me! It would just serve as a motivator for her to get even faster...
 I do enjoy reading. I like business books and personal growth. What about you?
 Do you read Calvin and Hobbes? I love that comic...
 Agreed. Nice chatting with you!
 Having a pool doesn't hurt, either!
 Well, that is an interesting mental image I am getting, haha.
 yes, partial sunny in the winter makes so much of a difference, no snow hopefully.
 I agree ,it has been way to warm for any snow to stick, so much for a white christmas
 Same to you!
 Not much anymore but I used it all through middle and high school. 
 That is so mean! haha 
 That would've been really smart. I actually knew that one! That is the reason Facebook is blue.
 I think it was black, I don't remember much red. How much was the offer?
 That is crazy! I read somewhere that the like button is illegal in schleswig-holstein, which is in Germany.
 Honestly, they are insane for that. Whatever floats their boat, I guess. haha 
 Wow, I think my computer has at least 8 GB of ram. Russia made a computer in 1936 that just ran on water!
 Oh yeah! It's called Self Travel I think, I thought it was such a good idea.
 I do too, it's such an inspirational thing for children than to be on social media all day.
 I heard in the App Challenge you can work as an individual or group, so if friends can work together it's eliminating an excuse to not learn just to hang out with friends.
 I believe it only took her 40 hours to design the app and her mom thought she was on Facebook for all that time!
 Well if you have to be using "screen time" I can't think of many better ways than making an app for people to be safer.
 Seems like a really narrow topic but let's talk about DC weather!
 At least you're closer than me, from chicago!
 No how are we going to check/confirm that fact..... :) lol
 yeah, but it's getting closer to us eventually killing all life on Earth :)
 You mean they were reading each others books ? :)
 No, just other's poetry. How "cultured" do you have to be to play that game? I would think it was all good. At least better than mine.
 Was it the first poetry jam????!!!!
 Buahaha, could be ! Somebody should record that :)
 Yeah. Even with giving up half his stuff, he'll still be in the top 10 richest list...
 The first amazon.com customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him. I wish I had a building named after me...
 I know. I wanted to buy into Amazon at like $500 per share and now it's at like $1800. I kick myself everytime I am looking at the ticker and it comes up. I did get Alibaba early in that process....
 Yeah... He has enough to buy IMDB. I had no clue...
 Did you really buy a TV from them? White glove service too?
 I was going to order a TV from them but got cold feet and didn't pull the trigger. I do like their Basic stuff... In 2015, Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization. Amazon is the third most valuable public company in the United States (behind Apple and Microsoft), the largest Internet company by revenue in the world, and after Walmart, the second largest employer in the United States.
 You too!
 That would be an spectacular view! and I know the sun is only one of billions of stars in the universe, crazy how little we are.
 The Patriots are a real power house team in the NFL.
 Maybe it's because he has never eaten a strawberry.
 LOL! Maybe strawberries are his cryptonite! 
 When he does, he has his supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen to go home to.  Not a bad way to retire.
 That could be! It's been fun chatting with you! 
 The magnitude of the whole universe is mind boggling. It's hard to comprehend that the sun is much smaller than many of the other stars even in our own galaxy.
 Bosch is also based some books that are really good. I think there's like almost 20 of them. Nice chatting with you as well!
 Same here, have a good one.
 I am the same, but since college is over, I will definitely watch the NFL playoffs if I am able.
 It is also interesting that Brady's super bowl coming out party was against Warner and the Rams.  We could potentially have a rematch this year.
 Not in particular, I grew up a Dolphins fan because my family was always a fan.  So my team never makes it.  Lol.
 LOL.  It doesn't help that your division pretty much runs through the Patriots.  I guess you will always have the 1972 team and Marino preventing the '85 Bears from going undefeated. :)
 They sure did!  That was an amazing last play.  I know it has to feel good for you that it came against Brady, Belichick, and the Patriots!
 It was almost too good to believe, something straight out of the movies.
 I need to pick up one of my kids, but great chat!
 It is the most important source of energy for life on earth! It deserves its own radio station!
 I would drive by it just to check in! I would also brag to all my friends. They would think I am obnoxious!
 They do! Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah that is probably true.  Well it was nice chatting with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Me too!  I can't believe it's almost been 25 years since Amazon was founded on July 5th, 1994.
 I use it a lot for gifts and their streaming service.  In addition to Fire TV, I also have a Fire tablet I got on there as well.
 I love the fire tablet, if you have the streaming service you can watch fire tv through it anywhere you go that has a wi-fi connection.  Have you ever bought any AmazonBasics products?  That is Amazon's ow in-house brand of certain low-end products.
 Yes.  I forgot to mention that Alexa is on the Fire Tablet.  I didn't know that Amazon has owned IMDB since 1998.
 Not as much as I like to.  I haven't read books like Starship Troopers or Ender's game.
 Yes.  It's the star at the center of the solar system.
 That would look neat.  You can tell her too that the sun is a perfect sphere of hot plasma!  That might get her interested more in the sun.  Something about hot plasma makes it more interesting. lol
 I do!  The sun is actually white and is only perceived yellow because of atmospheric scattering!
 Wow, you know your stuff!  I think she'll find that one interesting as well.  Guess I should try and order more kid friendly books from Amazon. I remember most of my shopping on Amazon used to be books.  
 Same here!  One more interesting fact about the sun is that a lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun!  About 5 times hotter!  It's been fun chatting!
 haha yes like a truck driver only in space! then you could stop off on mars and see a blue sunset haha
 Hi Did you watch last football match
 very good , hope you enjoyed the game. tom brady is very good
 so you play basket ball
 Its good income for a family
 Might me , Hope he will taste the fruit soon... Do you know about The New England Patriots..
 Do you know about the author of a games of thrones
 I play more games
 Yes.. Bill belichick is a super coach, he got 21 wins in football
 the cleveland browns head coach was bill and their last win was in 1995
 I am not fan of particular team.. I love watch the game. I love cricket and basketball too
 Yeah sometimes coaches play a role. Bill gave a false injury report 
 Hi! Do you watch the Bachelor? I could watch it all day... it's so great how they always have a villian and drama
 I also really enjoy drama in the theater. Doyou?
 I like them all as welL!!
 No I do not, I cannot its been around since 2004
 It's ok if you don't.  I wish I didn't use it but it's a good way for me to stay in touch with long lost friends.
 I think that one I don't agree with.  I think someone should have to be at least 19 years old because there is just too much negative stuff and bad things that I happen on there and kids need to be protected from themselves.
 I agree!  You wouldn't know this if you don't use Facebook...but Facebook is primarily blue because because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness.
 Did you ever hear about the Burger King facebook promotion they had?
 Oh yes.  If you were to unfriend 10 people on Facebook, Burger King would give you a free whopper!
 I don't know.  I wonder if that has something to do with their culture or possibly linked to the old days of the Nazi's.  If it's for a reason like that I totally understand.
 well the lady Medha is trying to write a program that detects hate speech, a very noble cause
 That could be either good or bad.  Good if you are in good shape.  Could be miserable if you have bad knees or feet.  The US postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver packages on Sundays.  I noticed before Christmas we started getting packages from Amazon on Sundays.  Interesting.
 I just got a call and have to go.  It's been a good chat!
 Yeah he is a great athlete and my favorite QB! I have heard he has more rings than the Mannings and a Roger Staubach combined
 Yes, he's also been honored with four Super Bowl MVP awards which is the most ever by one person!
 Exactly! He might be one of the greatest ever! But it is true he has to be in the game to play. 
 I have always heard from other fans that they are the team that gets the "participation" award lol.
 George R.R. Martin said the Pats are like the Lannisters of the NFL
 You too! Take it easy. 
 Hi, i do actually, i use amazon prime and you?
 Exactly! Amazon is a great place to get exercise too because their employees walk up to 15 miles a day each shift.
 yeah doesnt sound too bad of a deal
 Yeah, it was something like a building named after him, right?
 Not too bad of a deal but a good investment i guess.
 Yeah, i wonder where that clock is that would be interesting to see.
 Yeah, time is definately on my side if it was actually built
 That's true just like other suns in different galaxes
 WOW and did you know that a lightning bold is 5x hotter than the sun?
 Yeah, i dont know how they got the logic for it either based on those scenarios
 Agreed, well it's been fun talking with you, I hope that you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Totally, it was a great chat! Have a nice day! Bye
 Bye!
 If on TV or in the movies, but not at work! They don't pay be enough to endure drama in the workplace. Not like I am Hugh Laurie, pulling down $700k per episode of House!
 Yeah, he is great, and a great dramatic actor! Not like Jim Carrey, who has sworn off doing dramas...
 He decided he only wanted to work on projects that project positivity. That appears to be his motivation.
 Yeah. He's another good actor with a great range. Funny how he joined acting in pursuit of pretty girls!  That was his motivation!
 And now she is a star? You know, the biggest star in our galaxy is 1 billion times larger than the sun? Amazing!
 And iit produces enough energy in one second to meet the energy demand at earth for 500k years. That is white hot!
 Wouldn't they melt? I don't know. I can't figure out how they know that it takes over 150 years for Neptune to circle the sun. By the time it circles the sun again, I hope to have mastered typing...
 No. I, like Dirty Harry (AKA Clint Eastwood) am allergic to horsehair. I like horseradishes though!
 Well, you like something related to the name at least. Nice chatting with you
 The sun is really white though but looks yellow.  I guess that helps though because all those kids drawings wouldn't have a sun as white crayon doesn't work too well!
 Yes I have watched a few historically based movies. I think it would be interesting to learn about Ted Kennedy. Political scandals can make great movies.
 I like to find helpful reviews on social media and places like youtube. I think getting more personal reviews from individuals rather than from a central location is more authentic.
 Yeah, it seems excessive. I suppose when you have an actor that has to play that role that is central to the show it's likely they will be paid quite a lot. Maybe Hugh wasn't interesting in playing the character anymore and needed more incentive? Hard to say, but sometimes the best things in life is free. There's apparently a website that lists thousands of episodes of radio dramas for free. I sometimes look for public domain movies, have you ever check out the public domain sites?
 That's so cool. There's another radio station where you can hear the solar activity in the form of sound and it's like music
 Yeah I don't know how long I could listen to something like that. What about literature, are you a fan of literature? I like reading, mostly fiction/crime books. I recently read The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and am now reading Gone Girl. What's the last work of literature you read?
 That's funny. Ha! But truthful it seems. Speaking of Michael Caine, you know he became an actor because he claimed all the prettiest girls at his high school were in drama class? That's hilarious!
 That is a lot of money going to waste. Super nice chatting today.
 Hi there are you a fan of rap?
 Yes I am. I like how it rhymes and incorporates street vernacular.
 Cool!  Rapper Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance".  Interesting.
 That's pretty neat I think.  In 2001 a Michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper Eminem.  lol
 I don't know but I'm going to have to look.  That sounds funny throwing compliments back and forth. lol
 That's pretty neat.  There was a comic series about fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes.
 Haha I haven't but that's great!  Marvel comics creator Stan Lee wrote 15 DC comics, re-imagining popular superheroes like Batman and Spiderman.
 That's funny!  Are you an NBA fan?
 That is something!  Physicists proved that shooting my favorite style...the granny style is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line!  It's been fun chatting!
 lol yes.  Have a good day too!
 Yes I agree with you there. I like how each comic often has at least one super villain who is often the superheroes archenemy.
 And same with you.
 well if you defriend 10 people you get a free whopper, and that person gets a message saying you only valued them as 1/10 the worth of a whopper haha
 I love reading ebooks and books, there is so much to learn. It was nice chatting with you.
 Exactly! Haha, I think this column of Amy's is a good thing where people can ask questions while alerting others too. She seems to give good advice!
 Haha, I would love to hear her advice on that one! I like how she made the man who is having fantasys about a younger woman feel at ease and told him how to handle it, she seems pretty good at her job. 
 Right, but I suppose if not acted upon and they are not horrible there is no harm really, our brains are strange things sometimes. I like fantasy, either in literature or films, like The Lord of the Rings, the Return of the king, or Wonder Woman lol all harmless.
 I loved those movies, so funny and interesting too! I hope they do make another. They should get the whole cast back together but they are all pretty old now.
 That was a great movie! I think all films are fantasy in a way, unless it is based on a true story, but one of my favorites is Gone in 60 Seconds.....amazing cars in that movie! 
 I love Fast and the Furious movies! I own them all on DVD lol....great cars and great cast which I am sure would impress Wonder Woman hahaa, She does have an invisible jet so.....
 Right!! Hahaha, you have the best fantasy movie idea right there! The cars would be amazing in a movie like that!!!
 Definitely! Huge market! Maybe they could sell Wonder Womans invisible jet too....they did have a special viewing of it for one day only at the Smithsonian.....
 Another great idea! You could let your imagination turn fantasy into reality hahaaa.....there is actually a University to go and study fantasy...you could learn all you could imagine lol!!
 I do not know how you get in but I am sure you probably have to write a paper and use your best idea's but it would be very cool! 
 I love Mythology, but that was years ago and not in college but it was interesting. Fantasy is such an interesting thing...it could apply to so much it boggles my mind.
 Exactly, and you can take fantasy back to the earliest days of fairy tales by Hans Christian Andersen, not pretty fantasy but dark and scary. Daydreaming is fantasy....movies, books, tv, so much!
 I love cars as well. Well, it was good talking to you. Have a great day.
 Most women cannot defend themselves, I'm afraid. Now, if I had my Wonder Woman attitude, maybe I could shake them up. Ha.
 I'm sure. Well, It's been fun. Have a blessed day.
 Hello,  do you play any fantasy games?  like fantasy football?  
 No. I play actual Football though. I liked driving games as a Kid, but now that I can drive I don't play them.
 That's quite odd. I don't usually get into Fantasy. However I might see the new Wonder Woman movie because I met Gal Gadot once.
 She was at an Israeli Venture Capital conference. We sat on the same panel. I was dealing with some car battery tech (electric car) that has Israeli roots. My first car had French roots. Cadillac.
 She's very friendly. Very respectful. Really into representing Israel. She should make a great Wonder Woman, and one that won't settle for secretary of the Justice League. 
 That's crazy. But doing Catwoman works for anyone. Just leave Robin at home.
 Did you know she served in the Israeli Defense Forces?
 I wonder if Mcdonalds in Israel gives her free Happy Meals. I hear they treated WWII soldiers well.
 Well, she wasn't exactly playing video games like Jann Mardenborough....although that worked out OK for him
 Crazy. But South Africa is almost like a real life video game. Flame throwers to prevent car jackings are legal there. 
 Probably more than a few bodies in the trunk of their cars. BTW, they are called trunks b/c they used to be wooden. Not unlike a casket
 Yeah I remember Gangnam Style, really funny video
 Hi, how are you?
 I think that's why a lot of people liked him and his music, from what I'm reading. People still revert back to that 70s funk and/or psychedelic sound that made music fun to listen to 
 I love Hero. But I also think of that awesome football montage from Varsity Blues when I hear it so it also gets me fired up.
 That Everlong intro is really good. I recognize it right away. And if another song has a similar intro, I get sad when it's not everlong.
 Yes. the first song I heard from Foo Fighters was in 1995 or 96 I think, "I don't owe you anything". Way different style but intense and upbeat.
 Much different than Nirvana... Nice chatting with you.
 Yup. And he had the chance to meet other rock icons like Patti Smith.
 That's a good point. Live under the radar and avoid the paparazzi. I like that plan.
 It's still nice to get some recognition. It would be cool to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. And if people recognize you, you can get a free meal every once in a while.
 Yes. And there are die-hard fans that buy it. I haven't bought a CD or vinyl for like ten years.
 Brings back memories. Well... I'm going to check out now. Good to talk with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 HAHAHA... No, I did not know that! What an open! Nicely done...
 But how many of those words could she comprehend? I bet it was less than you with Starship Troopers!
 Speaking of games, CS Lewis and Tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 Teachers would be so happy if we had that moral panic now-a-days! Like 2 100 year olds when they released their first rap album.
 Nice chatting with you.
 I watch Youtube daily, am subscribed to many channels.
 Yes, and together with Netflix they make up half of North American internet traffic!
 Youtube is one of many Internet services owned by Google.
 Goats are awesome, my niece loves them! They don't get enough attention compared to other farm animals.
 Really! What type of music do you collect? Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 Pop music. I like Rob Thomas, Pink, Linkin Park, etc.  I own hybrid theory by linkin park
 Me too! Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label.
 I love Reel Big Fish. They have a song, Beer, that we celebrate with for big events like weddings...
 Despite being released over 40 years ago, the dark side of the moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014. Love Pink Floyd too!
 Dark side of the moon came out in like 1967 so if you are young, you can be excused...
 Nwa's straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
 In the 18th century there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Too many smart people. Like the bizzaro-present...
 I question the judgement of those three... The world record for speed reading is held by anne jones, with a reading speed of 4,700 words per minute
 How can they retain it? I can barely read a few words let alone 4700.
 Yeah. Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 Ditto!
 yes same here
 That it is. I was thinking more of a gold rush type scenario given the cost of $19 million to attach a fridge to a toilet. Fairly confident I could hook them up for less. 
 Like, say, chopping down trees? Kinda odd to envision more than 80% of the planet's forests have been destroyed.
 Very true.  Hey, speaking of truth, Netflix and YouTube make up half of North America's peak internet traffic. Sadly, I contribute to those numbers nightly lol 
 ya that is crazy I've been there, the whole place smells like horses and horse dung! It's kind of gross actually and i'm allergic to horses haha
 I do, how about you?
 Same here, I have been using Amazon for along time now.
 Yea, Did you know the guy who makes bullet proof clothing shoots all his employees to test the quality?
 Hi, how are you?
 I don't know... I was just saying the other day, "I haven't had a good astonaut poop conversation in a while..."
 What do they do in their day to day job? Think? plan? I feel like they would not have anything to report to their bosses about... "Any aliens today?" "Nope." "Good work."
 Dang! I was going to apply for it because it seemed like an easy job... I guess I will just continue my other job...
 Sounds like fun! I wonder how the UN chooses. I bet it's popular. Rota? Arm wrestling? Sci-fi trivia contest?
 I like to think that all disputes in the UN are solved by Arm Wrestling... It's how Quatar got the world cup... Little known fact...
 It can be. Astronomers are really gregarious and really, really weird. I had a lot of astronomer friends in college. Including Brian May (who really did go back to being an astrophysicist after Queen).
 WOW! That's crazy... Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah that song blew out of proportion. Nice chatting with you.
 Hmm I know his last name was Braille but do not know much about him otherwise
 I love amazon. I love the Fire TV, and Echo devices
 I have one but never hooked it up. I buy food from hole foods a lot
 I also like the Rip curl line of clothes
 Not that keen on second hand clothing.  It about the one purchase I don't get through Amazon, feel the need to try it on before buying.
 It was nice talking with you. Time for me to read.
 I love amazon. I think I order something from them at least once every other week. It is awesome for someone who lives in a rural area without a lot of options. 
 They have really come a long way from just a little online bookstore. I remember going on there in college looking for books. 
 It would have been really neat to have the distinction of being the first amazon customer. I guess the guy has a building named after him now. Not too shabby for only a $27 purchase. 
 What do you think of Prime's new sunday delivery contract? I'm loving getting things on Sundays when I normally would have to wait a extra day or two. 
 The CEO might have some very strange plans and ideas but most of the time he seems to be doing pretty well with how to run the company. It has gone a long way in 24 years. 
 Yeah same to you, I hope you have a good one!
 I wonder if that's part of why he doesn't allow very much customization like Myspace used to. I bet Myspace regrets not buying Facebook when they had the chance, now!
 Well, I guess he bought a book. I only ever buy books from trusted sources so I don't think I would have bought it from a company that had never been purchased from before. But I think it's pretty great they decided to commemorate their first ever customer.
 Yeah I think I would unfriend a few of the so called friends I have.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 I read the same thing! We got to 59 degrees today and it was a heat wave!
 Bad news for people with curly hair! 
 I have to admit I watch a lot of my Tv and movies through Amazon and their streaming apps.
 I would hate to have to climb a mountain just to change the batteries in a clock so he better have made it last 10,000 years! I wonder if it spring sforward and falls back on its own?
 I use that brand! Nice chatting with you!
 I am well. Yourself?
 Good Thanks. I cant believe they have no suspects in this. 
 Yes so sad. Do you use facebook?
 LOL Ohh yes I wish 
 Things like that are so cool.
 I hear that lol I wonder how and who puts these things online.
 Its been good talking to ya. Give us a good review. 
 I have an account, although I use Instagram more frequently.
 Speaking of that button, it was originally going to be called the 'awesome' button. I am glad that it was not called that because that is too cringy.
 Well, is it not called the sun? Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
 Yes, you too! Bye.
 I have not but it seems like there's a lot of fun things to do even with children too like the Burning Man exhibit or the Paella Festival, I sure do like paellas. 
 ya I don't know how many 0's that is haha, I should have studied animals and become a zoologist
 That would be funny if fishes got the hiccups from ingesting too much water because my kids love listening to the soundtrack of Finding Nemo, though they have never attended any concerts.
 Yes! lol  There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on earth!
 Whew!  That is a long time ago.  It has been estimated that there are over 7 million animal species!
 How interesting!  Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.  lol
 maybe has to do with sucking too much air?  lol  Under the provisions of the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act, the Loch Ness monster is a protected species!  LOL
 That must have been one really, really bad show.  lol  We're you ever a fan of the Ramones?
 That's a lot of shows.  Linkin Park once played 324 shows in just one year - 2001.
 I bet.  They probably made a ton of money that year that the record company got to keep.  lol
 That would make sense then for all those shows.  Creed played a show so bad in 2002 that 4 concert goers file a lawsuit against the band!
 I realized you already mentioned Creed. lol Sorry.  That was a big album.  I didn't know that they never toured off of it.  It was such a different time then.  People would pass around cassettes to get their friends to listen to new music. 
 That is crazy, no wonder people say there is an app for that and for this. Matt bellamy actually used his iphone to record the heartbeat of his unborn son and used it in his song Follow me
 Me either, but apparently phone companies pay a lot of attention to the ringtones that they offer to us to ensure they get our attention.
 oh cool, thanks.
 Hi, how are you?
 I saw Lynrd Skynrd, last year on their farewell tour, when they played for the hometown crowd in Florida.  It was awesome, once in a lifetime show.  Glad I went, it was fun! What's the last concert you attended?
 I love Aerosmith.  Steven Tyler has always been wild!
 Me too! Well, it's been nice chatting this morning.  Happy Friday to you!
 You too!
 Wow, he must have a very unique way of viewing the world as an artist. Did you know that when microsoft launched its own line of phones, they held a funeral for the death of the iphone? Lol
 Not to mentioned that iPhone is like a small laptop and camera all in one device that can fit in your hand to take photos, play music, send and receive emails, and browse the web
 I do love horror
 I guess that would allow him to show genuine reactions that were captured perfectly on film. I think horror films are interesting since it has very interesting visuals and watching it can help burn 180 plus calories.
 That is correct. It terrified him as a child and as a result we have many great works. 
 I'm a big youtuber!
 Awesome that makes the two of us. YouTube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 I can't believe its been 14 years since it was created in 2005.  
 No doubt.  Those 3 paypal employees hit the jackpot!
 LOL  I think a lot of people went out of their way to dislike that video just because they wanted to try to be negative.
 That doesn't surprise me.  North America loves their videos!
 I've never heard of that one.  Do you remember Psy and his Gangham Style video?
 Yeah that video was so popular. YouTube had to upgrade the view counter to 64 bits!
 Are you fan of listening to albums?
 Yes!  Linkin Parks Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 That's incredible after all those years.  2 identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992!  Good for them!
 I definitely need to look that up. Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or major to her. That is a big accomplishment. Well I really enjoyed chatting with you today.
 I remember when that one came out.  Yes I had a good time!
 Wow! That's not my favorite kind of music, I'm into different genres :)
 YouTube is an American video company.
 They also contain Linkin Park's best-selling Hybrid Theory album
 Yep, including all of NWA's great stuff.
 Japanese rap, but I am not sure beyond that. It seems like quite a feat.
 I heard that it is, as well. But it is also very liked by others.
 That makes sense. He is a polarizing figure at this point.
 His music comes nothing close to music by pink floyd
 Pink Floyd is on a whole other level. That is art.
 Such an amazing album!
 Yes, I love visiting the library. I particularly like YA fiction. How about you?
 I like to learn things, so I love libraries. They have so much different medias. 
 Yes, I have even checked out video games. My favorite author is Laurie Halse Anderson. Are you familiar with her?
 Yes, I know it inspired me to listen better. Speaking of listening, do you ever check out your library's digital collection. I prefer books I can hold in my hands, but sometimes I get an ebook for travel or an audio book to listen to in the car.
 No, it is free. It encouraging to know that there are more librairies than McDonald's in the US. 
 Very encouraging! All that knowledge available for free! Did you know that A Malawian kid built windmills to help improve his village simply with info from his local library?
 This is a story like the prisoner that studied law in the prison's library and became a lawyer. 
 Nah, too expensive and not used enough. I love my cellphone.
 Yep! I agree. It's been nice talking to you. I hope you continue to enjoy your library.
 I think that it is crazy from 9pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America. It is hard to believe they use to be a DVD rental company! Their literally taking over the country.
 LOL....you're so correct. I remember my fines from Blockbuster and even the library from things I'd turn in late. That''s what I first liked about Netflix...no late fees. It's like they could care less when you turn them in. 
 Really? I didn't know they did. I do like to use youtube to look up do it yourself videos especially in fixing emergencies.
 I really can't stand Justin Beiber. Could you imagine if youtube had been created during the time of the boybands? It would of broken the internet probably lol.
 lol I am sure there are somewhere on there by die hard fans that still exist. Years from now I am sure kids will be looking at the stuff on youtube that is popular now and wondering what was wrong with our generations. 
 Yeah it is amazing. That show is called Blippi. From the comments on his videos he has really helped children and seems to be a good addition to the youtube site. Hopefully youtube will continue to be more helpful than harmful. 
 I heard a little bit about that. She is a YouTube star.
 That was funny that the media compared it to the birth of Prince William's oldest child. I am more interested in the giraffe, actually.
 It's funny how much we live stream random things these days.
 She is going to have a full household for sure.  
 If you could breathe underwater you would be the most popular guy on the internet.  
 I am not sure anything would beat Gangum style.  But I bet you could get close
 That would also be a tough record to beat, I think you are safe on that one
 Who knows what Google knows about us!  Anyways, good talking to you and have a good evening
 Both I love all animals you ?
 I like reptile pets, such as turtles, lizards and snakes
 i thought that too. And they have 'eureka moments' 
 You like drama ? Patrick stewart teaches classes now. I loved him in star trek
 Yeah same here, well it was nice chatting with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 Hello, I have not but would love to see it.
 I think you are right,  Do you have any pets?
 Not to mention their uncanny ability to be a space heater during cold nights!
 Haha, that is a good one.  My dog is huge so I get smothered.  I have to point to her bed to get off me.  Did you know that only elephants and dogs understand this gesture?
 Me too. I thought the same.  I wish dogs could live as long as people.  My German Shepherd is so sweet but when she hears something at night, she sounds like a wolf.
 I can agree with that.  Im a dog person.  I have always had one or more.  Boxers are my current dog of choice.  This is part of the reason I like Google as a company, though.  Stated as a dog company, and as long as the dog is well behaved, they can come on campus.
 Oh wow. I think my dog is my Guardian!
 It's a Doll House done in painstaking, breathtaking detail
 Interesting. I have too much drama in my life. Luckily my dog smooths things out.
 Yikes...research subject. Well, its a dog eat dog world. In Turkey at least they have vending machines for dogs.
 Yeah. Dogs are real individuals. Cat are like clones. That's why they call em copy cats
 Elephants are instinctual as well. Hard to keep as pets...despite there always being an elephant in the room
 Cool. Now if only the humans can. I hear in Japan there are more pets than kids.
 They seem to be up to something. You can't own a dog. But they can own you.
 OMG. I blame the fish. How you gonna carry a tank?
 I wonder what the stats are for doll owners. That would be quite a drama. 
 That would be a good drama lol.
 Maybe Jim Carrey could make a movie with that plot. Might work better as a comedy. 
 LOL yea that would be good. It was good talking to you!
 Who hasn't? It is an amazing series
 That is nice that they do that. Do you like cats. Apparently the first cloned pet was a cat they named "copy cat." That's cute.
 I guess mime is a language. That's funny about Caine. Micheal Hamm taught drama at his old high school.
 Good morning!  I do like pets.  I am a dog person, just like Google!  Google states in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.  That is awesome!
 Haha, yes!   Talking about humor, do you like comedies?  I was a big Jim Carey fan growing up and am glad to here is not going to make any more dramas.  He is a comedian!
 Fair enough!  I like Michael Caine's approach.  All the prettiest girls were in drama, so he became an actor!
 Yes, he is a great actor.  Loved him in the Batman trilogy as Alfred!
 It was nice chatting with you!  Have a great day!
 I have not. Is it any good?
 Why is it frustrating? Is it action or more mental?
 I would have broken my phone too many times to justify playing that game. Im too competitive.
 I used to like first shooter games but then I had kids 7 years ago and now I like fathering...
 That's a throw back! I wanted to like that game so much but my friends were so much better than me so I decided to hate those games...
 I used to love Contra and all the lives with the cheat code...
 You just ran with a gun and shot stuff. It was fun but you got 30 lives with the cheat code so it was pretty full proof.
 Sounds like a fun game I might download it, you should try Trap Adventure 2 as well. 
 I will! II hope my phone is ok after...
 Yeah you should definetely take it easy lol if not you will have to buy a new one.
 Any other suggestions?
 OK. Well it was nice chatting with you.
 I used to play nintendo when I was younger. You?
 Same here.  I go all the way back to the original Atari. lol  It's illegal for kids 16 and under in South Korea to play video games past midnight.  Weird law.  lol
 Perfect!  A parent-frindly law if I ever heard one!  Video games used to be called "cathode ray tube amusement devices."   I can see why that name never caught on... 
 If we played while on a stationary bike, imagine how much healthier we all would be!
 Right!  I never knew that Tom Hanks' brother Jim does Woody's voice in video games and merchandise.
 Awesome! Spread the work around the family!  Stephen Fry did the narration for little big planet, hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, and harry potter video games... I wonder if he has a brother too?
 Nice!  Did you ever play Mario Brothers?
 Absolutely!  I started playing Supermario Bros back when Mario was too small to have a mouth, and thus sports his prominent mustachio!
 Awesome!  Super Mario Brothers remains the highest grossing non-bundled video game!
 Yeah, I heard it grossed about $1.7 billion... Not bad for game!
 Cha-ching!  I remember Mario first showing up in Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr. is the only game in which Mario appears as the villian.
 Must have been a bad hair day!  Did you know that the same guy has done  all the music for all the mario bros games?
 I didn't know that.  There is a screen shot on the Super Mario Brothers 3 box that isn't in the game.  I never noticed that.  I think if I remember right there was a lot of yellow on the box.
 Lots of yellow everywhere in that world!  It is hard to believe that the game first came out in 1983 for arcades. Things certainly have changed over the years, in both video games and television! 
 Makes me feel old to think it's been that long.  I used to love watching "That 70s show" when it was out.  Now I'll watch it on Netflix.
 Have you ever watched the UK remake? I heard it was awfull...
 Days Like These
 Thanks!  I'm going to go look for it now.  Thanks for chatting!
 Hi! yes I do! love them. Have you every tried virtual reality games?
 I haven't tried virtual reality yet, seems like it would be very strange lol. But I hear they are fun. 
 True! I love Grand Theft Auto, it has come a long way since it first came out. I liked how the original one could be popped into a cd player and it would play the soundtrack!
 Oh wow! That's interesting for sure. Telephone have come a long way in just a few years, I remember the rotary dial phones and using phonebooth's lol seems like a lifetime ago. Just like iPhones, they have major computing power.
 The kids deserve fresh water, I hope it is working. I was just talking to someone on the phone about a comedy movie I saw recently, which is older but very funny. I love Jack Black! I guess he was originally going to be in The Green Lantern!
 He does, and it was originally supposed to be a comedy. But I guess someone had a better idea! I like older comedy like Saturday Night Live back when Bill Murray, Dan Akroid and John Belushi were one it. Do you like Comedy?
 Comedy is a great genre. I think it's difficult to be funny. I like the fact that the programming language Python is named after Monty Python.
 Comedy is great when done right. Too often, it's done wrong. Comedy Central has canceled over 100 shows since 1989. Well, it's been nice chatting!
 That's interesting! It has been great! Bye!
 Ok, bye!
 I did know that. I think it is really cool how far we have come as a society to have that. 
 I do like that it runs an android OS. I am a hardcore Android person so that appeals to me. 
 I love that comedy group. They deserve to have things named after them with how hilarious they are. 
 Hi, are you aware of Imran Khan's Pakistan?
 I reads like he is a freedom fighter tired of the political pressure put on the press...
 Yeah. My parents had one growing up. My finger would slip and it wwould take forever to redial... You?
 I am sure it has to do with a lack of hacking ability.
 Ditto. Nice chatting with you!
 yeah she is the first celebrity that actually appeared in Sesame Street
 Hi, how are you?
 Stories like this one always warms my heart. I love them!
 Yes she got lots of paper flowers and over a hundred packages.
 Wow! It's so terrible to have the cancer return but then to have something that great happen is amazing!
 Yes that was awesome!  And then she got pizza - my favorite food!  And I love the fact that she shared her flowers
 And got to watch Jumanji. I hope it was the new one!
 Yeah! I would have liked the $20M the Rock got!
 Did you know NYC's area code is 212?
 Nice chatting with you!
 She certainly does.  Speaking of celebs I think it is cool that John Cena holds the record for wishes granted with 400
 Yes, Awww, Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street. I wonder if she pulled her ear, like she's famous for?
 Oh really, I loved Robin Williams he could make me laugh so hard! He could do amazing things with his voice.
 I have seen the original as well as the reboot - very good movies!
 Nice!  Australia have won 45% of all cricket World Cups!
 Awesome!  The longest match in cricket history took place in 1939.  Do you know who the two teams were and for how long it lasted?
 What are the odds of that?  Do you follow any celebrities?
 I loved those movies.  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 Nice!  Have you ever heard of the celebrity TV chef from Ehtiopia who believes he can combat his country's hunger problems by encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods?
 I have't heard of him either.  lol  I wonder what they keep in that room?  Did you know that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone?  Sounds like a good thing to do.
 That's an interesting fact.  It's impossible to separate 2 phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together.  I don't think I've used a phone book in years now since I have had a cell phone.
 I'm surprised one of the cables haven't been pinched by a lobster.  An iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Yes!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 You too, have a nice day.
 Yes, I am He has a great Tv show called Atlanta have you ever heard of it?
 He's a pretty good rapper, He definitely knows how to make a stage performance fun.
 Me too empire strikes back is most definitely my favorite its an absolute masterpiece.
 Yes that is cool, to at least try and see if you like them.
 I agree. They are saturating the market with the franchise and diluting it. It's sad. I at least hope they make great rides out of it!
 That's brilliant! I do not underestimate those type of minds. I am always jealous of that forethought.
 Yeah. I heard something like that the other day. Someone signed on for the first movie and made almost nothing. Then they forgot to write in the second movies so the actor took them to the cleaners!
 I am always happy when they make a ton of money. I try not to hate...
 Nice chatting with you!
 I like the most recent ones, it's kind of like a new story to the overall Saga. But the originals are the best.
 The addicts would line up for a fix. Well, I've enjoyed chatting!
 Wow, How much does he make?
 wow sounds nice!  I just read that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio drama for free. Kind of neat
 Yes, there was a big Gala with big names in business.
 wow that neat.  I bet some people go into acting for the girls just like Michael Caine started doing drama to meet the girls
 In 2011 a computer composed a piece of contemporary classical music
 Wonder why?  Just for the cool factor I guess.  Paul McCartney and the Beatles composed classical music and released four classical albums.
 That sounds amazing.  Sir Anthony Hopkins composed classical music as well.
 You already told me that.  Anyhow, a woman driving to a Dave Matthews concert helped a stranded cyclist who turned out to be Dave Matthews.
 The best place to find truth these days... is the hamburger button, those three-line menu icon on most websites and in many apps. The truth is out there...
 In Texas, the government only meet every other year, so Fed Government shutdown is over-hyped.  If the government shuts down again, I'll just go climb Mount Everest and take a selfie and upload it to my Facebook page, after all, there is 3g service at the top of the mountain!
 Oh, it is mystifying! And it is ironic that the Library at Alexandria has a save copy of the internet in case the internet burns down, yet I cannot find my library card, so, I'm out of luck.
 I guess rabbit fritters are a no-go then?  Oh well, I;ll have to stick to clicking links...I'm addicted to link-clicking. My wife wears a computer mouse as a necklace just to keep me interested.
 Yeah, but his team was always out of fuel! I guess this is not the same scientist that walked on the moon?  Once you walk on the moon, being a football coach would seem like a let-down...but it probably pays better.
 He should have left them in jail, in my opinion. They are not as productive as other world leaders. Akihito, the Emperor of Japan is a scientist who still publishes papers. I think he wrote an article of how, ever since the nuclear reactor meltdown in Japan, there sushi stays fresh longer...
 Thanks. Good talking with you my friend. 
 I use it every day of my life. Dont know what I would do without it.
 That's amazing. Did you know there is a library that has a saved copy of the internet.
 Ill be honest I have never read the full terms of agreement on anything in my life.
 I know I havent read them
 Really how interesting. Sounds like some scientist has a little to much time on his or her hands. Lol
 That would be amazing. I have always dreamed of going to space. 
 Thats crazy. Did you know the internet was invented by a scientist in 1989
 I wonder how he planned to deliver it, and who would be dumb enough to try to buy the eiffel tower in the first place. And second place.
 I think Nevada is mostly desert anyways. Who else would want it.
 Good point! I think I like the Norwegian government...they donated 1 billion dollars in 2008 to save the Amazon Rainforest.
 Thats mighty nice of them. i guess there are people who care about the environment left in this world.
 That is a sad thing for sure.  When Earth was first formed it took only 5.5 hours long!
 I would think so?  ..and yes.  Humans only represent a fraction of the earth's history.  If it were viewed in a 24 hour period humans only would represent 1 minute and 17 seconds!
 Hahah  That's funny.  I don't think so because I think by now someone somewhere would have found credible evidence.  Unless the government has done a really good job of covering it up.
 I don't read it as much as I should.  Prior to 1963 is was not uncommon for students in the US to be required to read from the bible as part of their elementary education.  That changed by the time I was in school.
 I didn't know he did that.  It's probably right to the point.  Apple only became known as an apple when the bible was translated into latin in the 4th century, because the word malus means both apple and devil.
 Interestinig.  The biblical tower of Babel was likely based on a real building..the Etermenanki in modern day IraQ.
 Yes. I always wondered about that.  It's estimated that over 5 billion copies of the bible has been sold.  That's a lot of money.
 I don't think they should have a say in it.  Wikileaks would be all over them I'm sure.  They already published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks.
 lol  That's kind of funny and probably took nerves of steel for him to try that.  Be curious to know the price he wanted.  In 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.  Maybe that's where they are hiding all the aliens. LOL
 Wow.  I think that's a pretty cool thing they did.  We need to conserve the 29 percent of land resources we have on Earth as the other 71 percent of the Earths surface is made up of water.  We will run out of resources at some point.  Anything they did helps.
 Really? Wow. The Norwegian government also donated 1 billion dollars to help preserve the amazon rainforest!
 Well, I would not be surprised at that either. Who has the time to read through 10 pages of conditions? 
 Ah, it was Harrison Schmitt right?
 Who knows, anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
 I love smaller shows. I went to one in someone's living room once. It was really memorable and weird.
 That's beautiful.
 To try to reverse the destruction. Norway seems to be a really good country, worried about the planet.
 At least we still have Jupiter, or as I like to call it "Earth's asteroid shield".
 I really don't know. I would be interested to find out though. I do know the hudson bay of canada has less gravity than the rest of the world. That's going to be my new workout plan... less gravity!
 That seems like a waste. Like renouncing your US citizenship.
 HAHAHA. Moron is such a good word there. Made me chuckle. Did you know that JP Morgan had to bail out the gov in 1895.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Take it easy. 
 Haha, I called it the three lines! So, how do you feel about science?
 Haha, I can't do it either! I dabble in science a little bit!
 Oh, I agree! I will actually look into that as I am very interested as well! It seems impossible to me, but hey science is great!
 I have faith that very soon we will do better. People are more and more educated about the importance of our environment every day! Hey it's been great talking with you!
 That's funny! Ha! She did serve two years as a soldier for the Israeli defense forces so she was perfect for the part, in my opinion!
 the wonder woman film was really good I felt
 yea me either and I cant believe the movie was the highest ww1 film
 same and it is pretty cool Gal Gadot served in the military.
 that makes sense for the character and her lasso of truth which is a cool feature of the character.
 yea I hope in the next film she goes against cheetah and I am glad the films seem to be more contained now
 I did hear that that character was going to be in a new film and I think it's a Wonder Woman one. Here's a silly fact. On april 1st, 2015, the smithsonian had a special one day viewing of wonder woman's invisible jet.
 that is cool to know did not know they had that I kind of miss her driving that plane.
 yea it would have I like her origin better just being pretty much the daughter of zues.
 that is cool to know I use to go there as a kid and loved the pizza
 know what is a cool fact that myspace turned down buying facebook in the 2000s
 yea it amazes me because myspace use to be the go to place but then facebook just took over
 yea that is true but also the fact that zuck is colorblind
 hello
 Let's talk about Capital One Arena for Game 5 of the Stanley CupCapital One Arena for Game 5 of the Stanley Cup
 I think that it is better option that Admission is free and Game 5 will be shown, with sound, on a 9-foot-by-12-foot screen.
 I heard about that it's supposed to start at 6pm and there are drinks.
 The Vegabonds will perform from 6-8 p.m. All drinks are $5, which is very nice 
 Yes me too, i have heard about that too. The Wharf Game 5 will be shown on a large LED screen on the waterfront at 33 Pearl Street SW. The folk-funk band Goose will play a free show starting at 7 p.m. Did you know about that?
 I think yes. Maryland Bethesda Row Fans are encouraged to bring lawn chairs and blankets to watch on the big screen on Bethesda Lane and it will be cool I guess
 That sounds like a sweet time.  #ThisIsHowYouHarbor.
 Yay, i am so happy that According to the announcement on Facebook, the Lovettsville Lions Cub will provide free snow cones and popcorn
 I was not aware of the free treats.  I was actually looking forward to spending some time at the tasting room.  That sounds like a great time.
 I didn't knew Vienna Fans are invited to watch Game 5 on the big screen on the Town Green. Alcohol is not permitted, but don't know the reason why lol
 yes I agree with you. What do you know about Wonder Woman?
 yes me too, Wonder Woman is a 2017 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character of the same name, this is the main info lol
 I am binge watching NARCOS it is about true crime, and the empire of Pablo Escobar and how he grew the drug industry worldwide...3 seasons and it's crazy good with so much it blows my mind. 
 That's interesting! Wow. They are worldwide so it doesn't surprise me!
 Yes I remember that! I love Netflix. They have 150 movies available with 100% on rotten tomatoes lol I have found some great comedys too.
 That's true and it's free! I do that sometimes!
 Nice chatting with you too!
 Oh that was short for sure. Nice chatting with you
 I do not watch too much although Netflix takes up 33% of North America's bandwidth from 9 pm to 12 am.
 True, netflix was created after its owner had to pay 40$ in late fees.
 Haha, agreed. Anyways,  thank you for your time!
 You too!
 oh wow ya I hope not, he's a great guy and its good he didn't have prostate cancer!
 Can't imagine how much work that takes too, at least no matter what places like Finland will always guarantee everyone the right to Internet.
 ya, have you ever seen that button with 3 horizontal lines, its called a hamburger button, that makes me hungry haha
 I don't really follow any in particular.  I was reading up on them just now.  Robin Williams in Aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.
 Nice!  I didn't know there was a new one coming out.  Judge Judy makes $124,000 per epidisode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after LeBron James.
 I wonder what they are hiding in that room? lol
 I do use the internet all the time! lol  I also suffer from constant novelty from clicking links on the internet, which can cause real addiction measurable in the brain. lol
 Awesome!  If I ever climb it I'm going to snap a selfie and send it out to the internet!  lol
 I agree.  I don't want to be part of that 7 percent who doesn't read them!
 lol  The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.  Good thing they have a backup plan.  lol
 I don't watch it.  I was surprised to see though that it is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.  It's been fun chatting!
 hey, you too, been great chatting with ya!
 Have a good one!
 Yes, I do!  Really like their wide variety of films and original series.  I remember back when they just did movies by mail.
 Dunno of any big ones off-hand, but this local travel agency has a cat in their office!  I went there for an interview and pet him for a bit.  Ended up getting hair all over my pants! LOL!
 HAHA  I can imagine it'd be hard to keep elephants in an office setting.  Not to mention cleaning up after them! LOL! 
 You too!  You've been very interesting!  Have a great night!
 Thanks! Enjoy Stranger Things!
 I'm curious to see it with my kids.  We're a dog-loving family.  They're "man
 Awww, we are too! We love dogs. Very interesting that dogs and elephants are the only animals to understand pointing. So when I point at my cat, he doesn't understand. lol
 Ha!  When you said vending machines for stray dogs, thought you meant they sold dogs via vending machines.  But then recalled reading something about those vending machines dispensing food for the strays.  That's pretty cool.  They should make a movie about that!  I'd watch it on Netflix!
 oh yeah!  I do as much shopping there as possible!
 WOW... that's so awesome!  I want a building named after me :)
 LOL... yeah... that could be a problem for sure!!! LOL
 Yeah i know right... or justin bieber's song baby being the most disliked!
 All the time! My husband and I love Amazon because as the logo suggests, they have EVERYTHING from A to Z. 
 Wow, I don't think I have ever heard of Alibaba I will have to check them out! I think it is super interesting that Jeff Bezos (the founder of Amazon) is also the owner of Washington Post. Those are two impressive feats. 
 Wow, that's crazy! That is a very odd first sale haha. Do you use Facebook or YouTube much?
 I heard somewhere that in 2007 youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000. I bet you 90% of that was kids watching other kids open toys haha
 Well if you decide to switch it up, there are apparently 70 full episodes of the joy of painting on the official Bob Ross youtube channel you could watch! 
 Yeah and that was the IPO when the stock was around $35, it hit over $200 earlier this summer.  Anyways it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 Oh they would have been worth so much haha. I wish they still had that Burger King Facebook promotion going. I would gladly unfriend 10 people for a Whopper
 I agree with you they were started back in 1994. Jeff Bezos definitely saw the future on that. And I bought my mom a Kindle e-reader. She loves it
 He could afford to do it but wouldn't want to take the pay cut. Plus he probably has more power in his role as CEO. He also own WaPo so he has the voice too.
 All that for the low, low price of $27.95!
 Although they make more than I did. And if they got stock options... I would suffer for that...
 That sure is a long time!
 A little but not much. You?
 I use it for that too but I do not do that that much so... It has been nice chatting with you!
 And the women's team has never placed below third place in the world cup 
 I have no idea. It would be interesting to see!
 Even epresented the us at the pan american maccabi games in brazil in 1983
 Hi, I love soccer!!! I did watch last years World Cup last year and looking forward to 2022 cup
 Wow they better work hard because is a whole city they have to build. the Us has not been great in world cups, they got a 3rd place back in 1930
 Yes it is the worlds most popular sport!!, remember Ozil, from Germany?
 Is too popular! they get a lot of money, for example Ozil donated $300,000 to children who needed surgery in Brazil
 and it was the world cup final!!
 wow, that has to be crazy!! I think Japan played good but is was very lucky too!
 NO I had no idea!, cool!
 sometimes! I did watch Jim Carey in a couple of drama movies
 He wants to project positivity, I can totally understand that!
 I have not seen House but I have seen Hugh Laurie!! He is cool
 That is a lot!! I'll probably watch some soccer before!! I has been a good chat!
 That is really impressive! France hods the title now, after their win in Russia in 2018, but I really can't wait to see who competes at that unnamed city in Qatar in 2022!
 I heard the same thing! You know, the players sure do make money though! They get victory bonuses. One player, a German named Mesut Ozil donated his 300,00 euro bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil. I thought that was so kind of him!
 I did! He was very skilled! He even got to represent the US at the Pan American Maccabi games in Brazil! I guess that was before he was on TV!
 I watch it sometimes. In 1991 the women's world cup started, before that an american team has never placed below third.
 That is really awesome! The US got 3rd place in the first FIFA world cup which was in 1930.
 Me too, at least it's entertaining. 
 I did recently find that out! He makes 700,000 an episode, acting in House.
 He's worth every penny of that and then some. Very good actor.
 Yes he is. Jim Carrey is a good actor too, in my opinion. He has stopped making dramas though because he feels they don't project positivity. 
 Very true. If you enjoy classic radio drama, there are thousands of episodes on a website.
 I'd rather to watch. 
 Yeah, I believe he represented the US at the Pan American Maccabi games in Brazil.
 I'd like to watch a game of that played.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to go walk my dog.  Talk to you later.
 That is cool and a great tribute as well! I also think it's cool the Disney Channel refuses to accept outside ads and only airs commercials for its own shows and products. 
 Yep I agree. I also agree with Michael Caine, he started acting because all the cute girls were in drama class, I could see that
 He was a good actor. He even taught ellie kemper from the office. I loved the office
 Yep the office is great! I also like to show House. I like that Hugh Laurie makes a lot of money when he was making it too haha. You did a great job, no one else could have done that role, I'm glad he made over $700,000 an episode, that's insane!
 Yes they were. They only lost once between 1950 and 1956
 More people should watch American Women's soccer!
 I agree. America has never placed below third place in the world cup since women's world cup started in 1991. Interesting !
 Yes He dont play in movies that don't project positivity
 I love sports and history. The united states got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930.
 Hi! Are you a Disney fan?
 Good. I am in favor of hidden Mickey... Did you know that the conglomerate is HQ in Burbank, CA?
 Well, it wasn't named Minerva.. Tat name is reserved for Minnie!
 Makes sense, since the company was founded by the brothers Disney!
 For reasons other than watching Disney movies and historical documentaries on Walt and Roy Disney?   Of course! 
 I have one thing to say to Transhumanists: You need to find yourself a girl!
 Yeah, but smoking near a Russian computer that runs on water is no problem, because they have a built-in fire extinguisher!
 Hey, if you can build a computer out of Minecraft parts, anything is possible. Am I right?
 In this age of wonder, when we can send a person into space on a shuttle with a general purpose computer using only 1Mb ram, who knows what our supercomputers will do tomorrow?
 The pen is mightier than the sword, and the iPhone is mightier than a ICBM!  But despite this tech crazy existence, I still miss my rotary phone...
 Yeah, but the best part was the anticipation you would get as you dialed... waiting for the next number....imagining who you were about to talk to...wondering if they would be home... Now a days it is wham bam hello China!  Hey, nice chatting with you!
 In some ways, America is weird. Speaking of the United States, they placed third in the very first world cup back in 1930!
 Awesome! The woman's USA team is good too as they never placed below 3rd since 1991.
 Yep, in the last world cup all of the teams that were predicted to win were knocked out early and it ended up being Croatia vs England.
 And I thought that football earned a lot of money! Americans only called soccer soccer because it was a slang for the association football!
 Now that is a lot of people. A german soccer player donated his 300,000 euro victory cup bonus to pay for surgeries of 23 Brazilian children! Talk about generous!
 Awesome guy.. Mesut Ozil is so thoughtful!
 Hi, do you like football? and by football I mean soccer just to be clear.
 They should! but it's a big responsibility. People are still mad in Russia from the last one. Anyway I gotta get going. Have a good day.
 bye
 Hello!  Are you a soccer fan?
 I'm surprised they finished that high.  lol  I do love watching the world cup.  It's exciting I think.  The American team has never placed below 3rd since 1991 surprisingly.  I had no idea.
 I was pulling for Brazil as well.  I like good vibe stories and that was one of them.  Too bad they came up short.  They gave a good run at it though.
 Sounds neat!  I always though it would be a cool area to visit.  I'll pass on some of the bugs though I've seen on tv.  lol  Are you a fan of the current champion France?  I wasn't much a fan of theirs.
 Not mine either.  I'm surprised that there are no economic gains for the countries that have played host to the Olympics or the World Cup.  I wonder if it's because they spend so much on the infrastructure for the events?
 I know what you mean.  It's crazy they build up everything and then there's no use for it.
 That thought crossed my mind too.  ...or just keep going back to the locations that already have held it before.  Then they just have to do some upgrade work.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you!  I really enjoyed it!  Hope you have a nice night!
 Buffalo Bills. In soccer, I root for the USA. I cheered when they won games late in 2010 and 2014.
 There's also Didier Drogba, who helped stop a Civil War in the Ivory Coast. He's a big star there. Some athletes do good work off the field.
 Yes, I have heard of her since I used to watch that show a lot and she's also in the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt or something. 
 do you use uber
 did you know Uber agrees to settle data breach claims for record-setting $148 million
 Both. I just bought another Apple product to help the company that Jobs built stay on top...lol
 I was addicted to the game Doom when it first came out on PC.
 I don't think so. Just minesweeper and solitaire...lol
 Hi! Are you into soccer or the FIFA world cup football?
 The women's team does better than the men's team, for sure!  Hard to believe that France won the world cup in 2018. A sport as popular globally, and little old France beat everyone!
 Not bad!  I, like most Americans, call the game soccer. I played soccer as a child. But nobody ever told me that the term soccer was slang for Association Football. Do I sound bitter?
 It is so popular, there is a version of the game where three teams square off against each other at the same time! That has got to be a wild game!
 Nice! I wonder if he ever played against that German athlete that donated his WOrld Cup winnings to pay for surgeries for Brazilian children?
 Honorable decision. I wonder why Stewart switched to comedy? Maybe he switched for the same reason Michael Caine took up acting...to scope out the babes!
 And he doesn't have to make house calls...LOL I like Jim Carrey's view on things: He has decided to only do projects that project positivity!  Stewart could learn something from Carrey on that front...
 Hey, do you like old radio dramas? There isa website where you can listen to thousands of hours of programming for free.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Thats interesting. Do you watch any sports on tv?
 The united states got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930. Thats a long time ago.
 Wow tell me more.
 hello,  do you like cars?
 mc donalds drive thru was invented in 1975!  probably one of the most convenient car inventions lol 
 I can't believe it's only been 44 years since the drive through was invented! We depend on cars so much today. Can you imagine what it was like when people depended on horses for transport?
 Oh man I didn't even think about the poop it would make! That would be annoying.
 Dogs are maybe even more useful than horses. They also used to protect the horses and carriage! I wonder if there are any dressage performances that involve dogs.
 I agree. I wonder if they were bred especially for that, like the Tennessee Walker horse that can do the fancy stepping. We've been domesticating horses since 4000 BC, I imagine that humans have greatly influenced how many of the breeds have turned out. 
 Oh I see, it turned out to be a great idea then, you know theres a pro driver that gained his skills by playing the video game Gran Turismo
 Same here, my wife wanted to watch the first.  She was not impressed, finding it funny more than anything else.
 That would be epic!  Plus you could melt snow out of your way if you live in that sort of climate. 
 It depends on my mood. Sometimes I like classic rock, sometimes I want to feel the beat and listen to some rap. Sometimes I like heavy metal. What about you?
 I just got to work. Hopefully I can keep some songs in my head to make the day go by. Have a good day too. 
 I think it may have been for like a intermission performance at concerts, I think it's the only thing that makes sense. Yeah, I'm familiar with them but they had concert attendees sue them because of bad performance.
 Yeah me too, I get so hyper at concerts though. 
 The most recent artist I saw live was Jessie J and it was at a warehouse venue, would be cool if it was at the roman amphitheater though.
 Hello! Do you like crossword puzzles?
 Exactly! I guess there's someone offering a set of  16 puzzles called Suite Sixteen. Great idea!
 Right? I think it would be fun, I love crossword puzzles. 
 Those are tough puzzles! I have never seen an episode of Game of Thrones and I think I am the only person on the planet that hasn't haha....I hear it is based off of a set of fantasy novels?
 I have heard my friends rant and rave about it, I believ it came out in 2011?
 So I hear the show will be ending after 2019? I guess if it is on Netflix I can binge for days lol....which I have done before. 
 I have no idea who any of the characters or stars are, but it is such a huge deal with so many I should probably check it out. 
 Oh wow, that is interesting! I think I heard that Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter plays a part as well.
 Wow, so it is like many other shows that I watch and you literally watch these people grow up and some go gray lol. I will have to get on my computer and get on Netflix and see if I can find it there. 
 Oh I hope she feels better soon!  Have a great evening! 
 That's true. Nice chat!
 Thanks, you too! Have a good one
 Hi, how are you?
 I do, but sometimes they are overcrowded, do you go often?
 I always see advertisements for them on facebook, do you use facebook often? I have been on for about 13 years!
 Same here
 Yes quite fitting too. Nice chatting with you.
 I have a 5 year old and 7 year old so I have watched it more than I have wanted. Have you seen it?
 Wow!
 I feel like a better, feminine touch was appearent with how the film was created and executed. Two females were the heros without the need of a male hero. I loved it as a strong message to my 5 year old!
 I do, it is allowing me to chat with you today!
 Nice chatting with you!
 No I dont think you should be. I dont see how anyone could be blamed for the actions of someone else.
 Lion king is a good one. I remember watching it when I was a kid and all my kids have liked it. 
 Oh yeah. I dindt catch that in it. I just saw lions and hyennas
 What is that a sequal or something.
 Oh yeah I remember that part. I know Disney has made a lot of good movies. A lot of money to.
 No I havnt. I cant believe it would take that long. I would say they could have finished it a lot sooner if they really wanted to.
 Yeah. That would be a good one. A behind the scene look. Kind of like supersize me. 
 Sounds like you might have a future career to look into. Ill just take a 1 percent royalty for helping come up with the idea. Lol.
 Lol. Well on that note Im gonna have to go. This was a good conversation. I had a good laugh or two. You have a good one. 
 Bye
 I guess it is, its a sport with many curious facts like Don Mattingly a Yankees player that got suspended for a crazy reason, want to know what that reason is?
 Ok so apparently he had a weird hair and he refused to get a haircut, he got suspened because of that, I bet half the players of many teams would get suspended because of that now a days lol
 Yeah seems like a ridiculous reason I totally agree with you.
 Want to know something even funnier? The baseball team in a city near where I live, the Isotopes, is named after the team in the cartoon The Simpsons.
 They're decent, only a minor league team, but they're fun to watch regardless.
 Im sure they are, there is a person that invented a fake press pass to get season tickets, I wish I could do that lol.
 I agree. Got lots of information. Interesting facts and tales
 Well, drama is a mode of fiction represented in performance.
 True, the term drama comes from a Greek word meaning action.
 Very cool, although they do have to play in the Bronx!
 Certainly a better way to do that versus teaching drama like Jon Hamm.
 Still better than being Canadian and playing soccer-baseball, what we call kickball!
 I think so.    I always hear that the team with the most runs wins!
 Later on, and remember Bobby Richardson, the only person to win a world series MVP while losing!
 bye.
 Baseball is really popular in Japan. They didn't actually know it was America's pastime first.
 I am and it's just around the corner, though. I guess it has already started for college and spring training.  I wonder if they are playing in Japan now too, because it is really popular.  
 I can't wait!  Baseball season means summer is right around the corner.  Yes!  Many fans in Japan were surprised to find out that's America's national pastime!
 I wouldn't want that job.  lol  It's probably the only job I wouldn't want to have that involved baseball.  Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play if needed?
 Ha!  Imagine some of those guys going out there and playing today!  I wouldn't mind getting their pay, but not the stress.  I'd much rather stumble upon $3 million worth of old baseball cards in an attic like some lucky guy did!
 Me too!  I would then stumble to the nearest auction house and get them converted to some much needed cash.  LOL
 I do like the Yankees.  However, I don't know who the "lost" Yankees player is.  I've never heard about that before.
 Right!  LOL  In 1973 2 Yankees pitchers swapped families permanently.  Weird oddball fact.
 Hahaha....That's kind of funny.  In August of 1991 the Yankees suspended Don Mattingly because he refused to get a haircut.  The Yankees still have that rule!  One of their prospects named Clint Frazier had to get his hair cut a few season back.
 True!  lol  They are always among the league leaders in attendance so they are bringing in the money as well.
 He must have put up some monster stats to win the mvp and yet the team lost. LOL  Did you know that kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada?
 It makes sense I guess, but that's a real mouthful to say!  I don't know about kickball, but baseball is definitely a sport that seemed made for radio.  It's like a drama playing out over the radio waves. 
 I agree.  I'm old fashioned.  I like hearing the cracks and the pops of an AM radio.  I'll actually watch some games and turn the volume off and put the radio on.
 I used to watch House and Mad Men.  No dramas on tv right now that catch my interest.
 I would be able to live off of one episode my entire life! lol  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you!
 You too!
 Have a good night!
 Haha yeah I was shocked you thought it was a she, I think it is funny though that Michael Caine only became an actor to chase girls.
 Haha I agree I think baseball is really boring, but it is interesting that Bill O'Reilly invented a fake press pass in college to get unlimited tickets and it worked.
 I would sort my Red Sox cards while listening to their games on the radio
 Im not a robot, shhh, dont say that aloud. It was great chatting have a nice day and enjoy your free time while you can hahahahah 
 That's so funny. I think just having things on in the background can be comforting. I love watching The Office and using it to help me fall asleep because I know it so well already and won't be confused if I miss a few episodes before it automatically pauses. What is the older version of the Grinch? Is that the one with Jim Carrey?
 I've heard about that website. It basically just provides ratings and reviews of TV shows, movies, websites, books, etc. right? I think that's a very useful thing to have. Some kids movies still have raunchy humor that some kids may pick up on, so you should always be careful and use commonsensemedia.org
 Exactly. I 100% agree! In fact, I think I'm going to peruse Netflix now and see if any of these shows/movies are on there. I know I'm going to add The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina!
 Exactly. There are some phenomenal ones out there. Boyhood, Room, Schindler's List, The Dark Knight. Time for me to stop watching The Office for the 1000th time and start watching some good movies!
 Amazing that he turned out very successful! also hilarious that he was actually afraid of children in real life lol
 The first use of the word nerd came from the book "If I ran the zoo" I guess a lot of the words we use these days comes from Dr Seuss
 And his classmates still deemed him the least likely to succeed. I am glad that they have removed those votes since.
 Yes that is good. It's interesting that his last book that he wrote was green eggs and ham, I think that was his best
 I read that book multiple times as a kid. Now that I think about it, Dr Seuss has played a large part in my childhood!
 That is great! More people get to read the amazing books of Dr Seuss!
 Yes. Funny, Dr. Seuss was voted least likely to succeed by this classmates.  He showed them!
 I thought so... I may have read an old article.  I'm surprised to learn that Dr. Seuss was afraid of kids!?  He's made so many of them happy.
 Speaking of telephones, did you know between the U.S and china, we just have a loose wire in the ocean connecting our phones?
 Imagine bad the reception is with a string-and-cup phone! The wire should be buried, not just there in the ocean, a ship could hit it!
 You'd have to interview for that job though!
 I bet he likes to get good and scared! Anyway, great chat!
 Great chat!
 yup.  i totally forgot that Netflix sued to include DVD rentals in it's subscription.  my DVD player collects dust now.
 I love some of their original content too.  they spend tons of money on that and it is paying off.  they started producing content in 2012.
 i had never heard of it either.  but i love watching Ozark.  
 Very cool. I learned a lot about computers and the internet. Thanks for chatting!
 Thank you! 
 Have a great day!
 Hello, Lets talk about the internet. The name for the 3 horizontal line menu is a hamburger button. 
 In modern internet is the beginning of the transition and development of commercial network result in digital money transfer due to internet.
 The people use internet to buy product and sometime food also. It is the best friend to human and develop to it.
 You like to buying in online ?
 Yes it also happening. We can use it in a discipline way it help to ours. Unwanted usage may harm to ourself and sometime nation also.
 More than we are using in today mobile phone. Computer is a device that can be instructed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations through computer programming.
 It is very interesting. Computer is used as a wide variety of  consumer and industrial purpose. In consumer point of view, it made easy accessible.
 It is very difficult to use it. We cannot insert memory sticks in it.
 It have many hardware parts for the storage. Due improvement all are available in portably.
 I remember Smith cutting an RFID chip out of himself, wrapping it in a rag and letting a rat carry it off, LOL
 Good luck with that! I used to have an iBook that I loved, but it finally went belly up on me. And I didn't smoke either.
 Yeah, sounds a lot like nanotech engineering, with minecraft blocks instead of molecules! Nice chatting with you.
 Great chat!
 Washington seems to be a hot spot to visit in mid-June.  
 Stand up comedy is fun. It seems like there is a lot of that in DC. A comedian who has appeared on Conan and Late Night with Jimmy Fallon will be performing at Drafthouse Comedy.
 Great bands are there as well such as DC based band of Tomorrow blending different styles of rock, funk, reggae, hip-hop, soul and more
 Those are a lot of different genres in one. But I hear the sound is quite cohesive.
 There are lots of choices for music. But if it's art you're into, you can see "trippy" art in a retrospective exhibit.
 Always. In our representative republic, it is our civic duty. And if we don't, we get bozos in office. 
 Hahaha Good answer! So true.  34 percent of the black male population in Alabama has permanently lost the right to vote.  I wonder what that's all about?  I've never heard that before.
 I'm not sure.  I'm going to look it up.  not all men in the UK had the vote until 1918.  Wonder if that had to do something with the King and Queen or parliament?
 Seems strange that so many can be without the ability to vote, and yet today, we often vote for silly things. Like in Austin, TX, where residents voted to name a dump after Fred Durst.  
 That's funny.  Wonder why they did that?  Astronauts can vote from space.  
 Yeah, voting can happen in the most remote of places. Like in India, where they set up a voting booth in a forest full of lions just to give access to one voter.  That is commitment to democracy!
 I bet!  lol You can vote it you make it to the booth... lol
 I wonder what the election campaigns are like around there?  And i some places, animals have constitutional rights.  Would that mean the lions have the right to eat voters?
 LOL  Interesting point!  Switching gears....Did you know that the residence of the prime minster of the UK has a cat with a gov't title of chief mouser to the cabinet office?  lol  
 I wonder who is assistant to the chief mouser? 10 Downing Street is a peculiar place!
 I guess it is their version of the royal family?  Did hear about the prank call to Queen Elizabeth?  SOme radio station called pretending to be the Canadian Prime Minister... It is noce to know somebody answers calls from the Canadian PM!
 hahaha That's funny!  When you turn 100 in Japan, the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate!
 That is neat. But I hear that there are so many Japanese people turning 100 that they are trying to find ways to make the cups more cheaply. 
 Hahaha Right?  That's like an insult. Actess Helena Bonham Carter is the great granddaughter of Herbert Asquith who was the UK prime minister during WW1.  Interesting.
 Cool bit of trivia. Here is another: Soldiers in World War II used to make radios out pencils and razor blades!  I wonder how many stations these foxhole radios could get?
 That is pretty creative!  I bet that was like a blessing for them to have made those.  Gave them a little relief.  According to Canadian law, 40 percent of the music played on radio has to be Canadian.  How neat is that?  
 There are quite a few good Canadian artists, so it would not be torture to be forced to listen. Hey, have you ever picked up Jupiter electromagnetic storms on your AM radio? Supposedly ther are strong enough to be received on earth.
 No. I'm going to have to look that up though and see how to do that.  Be curious to see what it sounds like.  I have to get going.   I enjoyed chatting with you!
 I don't go to concerts, when I have money I don't have time, when I have time, I don't have money. But I'm happy to know that some ancient amphitheaters are still used today, they must have good acoustics.  
 Yes, for sure. Nice chatting with you
 no, i would love to though! 8 things to do in D.C. from June 14-20
 I loved this one too. So good! 3rd rock from the sun won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997, beating seinfeld, friends, and frasier.
 No I haven't but wouldn't that be cool to hear.
 Exciting. I would think they could do a mail in ballot.
 You too! Have a nice evening! Enjoy your radio !!
 Oh no I see that as a government who is truly trying to capture every vote.  Wanting to appear as a true democracy.  What a system for vote collection.
 Not as much as I liked Kiunka's four-song "Stay Up Late" EP
 Seattle quartet Kuinka plays an exuberant brand of pop music
 Depends, just like people.    However, Some dogs in moscow have learned to use the subway.
 True.    The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia
 If nothing else, Their long association with humans has led dogs to be uniquely attuned to human behavior 
 Perhaps, but dogs continue to perform many roles for humans.
 My dogs perform holes in my backyard... :) and bark at my tenants even though they've known them for many years ;)
 Spoiled then.    No hunting, herding or pulling loads for them!
 You got some weird dogs man... ;) kidding ;)
 Perhaps so.     Thanks for the chat, man!
 Yeah I have spent a lot of time there.  I do love the club scene but Adams Morgan and the Best Bar in America is there.
 Im sure it was I love their blend of different styles.  But going North to Fredrick you can get an amazing beer at the Flying Dog Brewery.  its a drive but so worth it.
 I would be down for that. I'd like to check out the Sean Patton Drafthouse too
 No I have only seen clips of it.  The clips were funny. I prefer 3rd rock . Lithgow was a genius.
 Wow that's a lot/ . I love that comedy has been around forever.  Imagine the Ancient Greeks with political satire in the square
 No doubt.  I heard that a programming language was named monty python.  Can't imagine it was too prolific
 Lol, speaking of prime minister a radio made a prank call pretending to be prime minister jean chretien
 No, it's from 1973, so before her time.  It's a classic, the music is the best part with the radio jockey. 
 Hi there. Are you a fan of jazz? I think it is so historical. Since the 1920s it has been recognized as the major form of musical expression.
 That's awesome and yes it does. Jazz has its roots in west African cultural and musical expression.
 You're right he is a great actor. He even scored several films including million dollar baby so he can definitely appreciate good music.
 Oh that would be epic. Yeah they played at the ancient Roman amphitheater must've been awesome.
 I love them, I can get in and out of my favorite restaurant faster!
 I love my ford. I was the first American car company.
 That is nice. I've never had one.
 RIght, one of them being the US marine corps.
 Yeah, you are right! I think I will go to sleep now.Have a good night!
 Yeah, since I am not concerned about moral panic that should help me fall asleep! Night!
 Yeah, what a worthy investment!
 That is sad.     You can get anything from a deep, guttural growl to something bright and crisp.
 The basics are probably simpler, but specifics are just as difficult.    Different types of banjos are played differently.
 I can think of one artist that I like that has used a lot of banjo, and that is someone by the name of Sufjan Stevens.  He used it a lot on a album called Seven Swans, one of my favorites.
 I wonder if anyone has ever played banjo on a jazz recording?
 I love good New Orleans Jazz, where the music has been around since the late 19th century!
 Perhaps so.    Did you know Brian May of Queen is a smart guy!
 It wouldn't be anything as dainty as an old English sixpence, maybe an American dollar.  I suppose it has to be the right size I guess.
 True.     Then again, if you are recording on a houseboat like Pink Floyd, it doesn't much matter if your ship is going down!
 Hi, Do you like Guitar?
 He is one crazy guy.
 The older I get the more I like it for some reason.  lol  I like Kansas City jazz, which is a hard swinging, bluesy, and improvisational style of jazz.
 lol Nice!  It definitely was more popular back then.  There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs have jazz like harmonies!
 Wow!  I didn't know that.  Interesting!  Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and scored several films including Million Dollar Baby.  I never knew that about him.
 I never knew that either!  A Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 years, top performers occasionally stop by.  That has to be exciting for her.
 That's incredible!  Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts.  I don't think of jazz music when I think of Pakistan. lol
 Yes!  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing.  Interesting.
 Neat. Have you heard about the jazz musician Walter White? He has a new album called Breaking Good. Ha. Silly.
 That's amazing!  He also uses coins as guitar picks!
 Those are awesome guitars!  Queen's guitarist Brian May, who we just talked about, holds a phd in astrophysics.  He must be some kind of genius to do all of those things.  It's been fun chatting!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Have a good night!
 Do you like the Hulk? well he has indestructible pants, thats one of his powers, it would be kid appropiate otherwise
 Maybe.  It's a relief they can handle all the starch in our diet.
 hi frnd.. sry i am not use Netfix. Do you use it?
 ok... what about Amazon?.. world great and leading online shoping site
 yes. i agree that.. last 4 years in india online shopping has a very huge respone. the only reason is Amazon.
 yah. yes.. 
 ohh. yah.. its very interesting and also U.S. postal service has a contract with amazon to deliver your packages on sunday. but in india its not possible.. but world largest postal department is in india
 hmm yah..
 yah. may be.
 hmmm.. yah friend.. I love Elephants.
 ohh... in your country don't have Elephants?
 ohh . ok frnd.
 I have heard of it. I actually use Netflix myself. We get it for free through T Mobile.
 Wow! I did not know. Some places have dog vending food machines for homeless dogs.
 I saw that. It's pretty cool because it's in exchange for plastic bottles so it also helps out the environment.
 So have you seen Amazon in the news? They were founded by Jeff Bezos in 1994.
 They are the largest internet retailer in the world.
 It was great talking to you!
 Yes and I think it's cool that projecting positivity was factored into his decision!
 Haha ahead of his time definitely! Thanks bye!
 I bet they would like that back.  I can see Michael Caine getting into acting because the hot girls were in drama class.  
 Hugh Laurie gets $700K per episode of House!  Wow...
 Hi, how are you?
 he seems to be humble about it. Sounds like a good kid.
 me too. I remember Vince Carter dunking over frederick vice in the olympics. 
 I know. There is a new space jam coming out starring LeBron James!
 Probably! I think everything does more than the remake, IF it is good...
 Agreed. Nothing is worse than a terrible remake. Just add an original story and it can take the viewer to a new place.
 Yeah... Nice chatting with you!
 Same here, have a great one.
 Absolutely! I enjoy dramatic stage and screen productions as well as radio programs. How about you?
 I'll say!  He does not need to teach with all his money. Do you know how much he was paid to do the show, House?
 Nuts!  I wonder if he ever did any Soap Operas? You know why they called them Soap Operas?
 Because the daytime TV shows were often sponsored by soap companies because housewives were the audiences, and they did the family laundry. 
 Good for him!   Hey, did you ever watch that show called, "Ikea Heights" ?
 It was a melodrama filmed entirely in a Burbank Ikea store, without the store knowing!  Pretty wild,. You could be an employee at Ikea and not even know you are a TV star!
 I love dogs. I have a GSD.  Did you know a dog can learn over 1000 words?
 Sure do! And in Moscow, some of them have learned how to use the subway!  I hope they share their seat!
 Wow, hahhaa that is a good one. nice chat
 hello do you like basketball?
 I love snowboarding,  pretty obsessed with it,  I have to go at least twice a week in the winter time!  You should try it!  Its hard at first but all sports are lol 
 Yeah I have never done it before,  I have had 2 pittbulls both with papers and my family also loves pitts.  But now I just feel like there are so many dogs abandoned and who dont have homes and abused that I would like to help them.  Im thinking about getting 2 dogs.  I finally have a big enough place lol 
 Reed hastings got charged a $40 late fee. Seems like a good investment for him!
 I did like that show. I loved his snarkiness.
 Yeah he was so good in it. It was nice chatting with you.
 Yes. I watch drama as well as other types of movies
 Yes. I like that reason too.
 I like him better doing comedy.
 Yes. I did. Maybe we have real live neighbors there.
 You too. Have a nice day.
 Ha!  Yes...the sun is the star at the center of the solar system.
 Yes!  It's a nearly perfect sphere of hot plasma!
 It's mass is bout 330,000 times that of Earth.  Giant for sure!
 That would be neat to see!  A lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun...about 5 times hotter!
 Yes because the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years!  So the power is there for sure.
 Yes.  Talking about how big it is....it's relatively small in the big picture of the galaxy....the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in  our galazy!
 lol  On July 11, 2011 Neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since its discovery in 1846.
 lol Jupiter's moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.  I've had fun chatting!
 You have a great day as well!
 fun to read, but not live your life by
 ha yes, and michael cain became an actor becauce in high school the prettiest girls were in drama class
 true, hugh laurie is the highest paid tv drama actor at 700000 an episode for house, so there is the money too
 I wonder if he is upset that the show has ended, at that amount for an episode he must be set for life.  I wish I was the same star sign as him!
 I used to like that show, The Office, the early seasons anyway.  My wife loved Mad Men, I think she just really liked Jon Hamm.
 probably, if you like radio you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free through a website
 ha, entertainment before tv
 definitely, nice chatting
 Lol I concur. Anyway, thanks for chatting.
 Yes! I went to University of Kentucky!
 Nope. Not at all! I kind of like that. It makes the island so peaceful!
 It would be nice. I know I like to hike in the desert and get away from all the sounds of the city.
 I am on the internet everyday. In some way shape or form. Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger menu. 
 That's so funny. I always see that and now I know what that is. I'm on the internet all the time now, for surveys or for my full-time work or for Netflix or general fun things. I love reading online articles, especially about psychology, I think it's such an interesting field! Do you know of any psychology experiments?
 No. Never really been to into that sort of thing. Im more of the outdoor type. Unless its freezing cold like it has been lately.
 That is crazy. What was the, I mean what were they trying to learn from doing that experiment.
 Really. There is no way- Unless they told me it was a pedophile in the other room or something like that. Then, Maybe.
 Well I guess that makes sense. I didnt really think of it that way. The Nazi example is a good one. 
 I dont know maybe thats a big city thing, because there is a guy who plays his banjo outside of the gas station close to my house. There are always people giving him change and talking to him. He is pretty good though, and he really gets into it.
 Yeah that may be true. I know the internet has really changed the world. I would say mostly for the better. 
 I would agree with that! Although it can be addictive, it's also very informative. 
 I love The Darkside of the Moon. Even though it was released over 40 years ago it was the bestseller in 2014.
 Yes, nice chatting with you too! Thank you.
 hey how's it going?
 Good, how are you?
 I'm good did you know that shooting granny style is scientifically the most consistent way to score points on the line in basketball?
 I did not know that. It has to make Rick Berry so happy! Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 that is wild, what about allen iverson making 800k a year from rebook, and then 32million as a lump sum when he turns 55, good for him
 Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba. however, jordan wore them anyways, as nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 that's hilarious, tim duncan staying in college for 4 years instead of going ot the nba to save money is wild, I can't believe he would do that instead of joining and making the millions
 Speaking of basketball stars... Stephen curry, the star of the golden state warriors and 2015 season mvp only makes the 5th highest salary on his team.
 that seems wild, this says stephen curry and lebron were both born in akron, ohio which I didn't know
 I didn't know that either. Did you know Steph curry's first name is actually wardell, he was named after his father wardell "dell" curry. making him wardell stephen curry ii.
 hmmm no I didn't know that, this says the dutch are making a bus that can go 160mph, sounds like the premise to a movie aka Speed haha
 HA! I was going to make that joke. Well done... All of japans highways are tolls, and it costs more than 300$ to travel across the country.
 thats crazy it sounds really annoying too, I wonder if Mackinac island has cars for ambulances? or is the whole island car free like this says?
 I like to think of it with two guys running with a stretcher, like a soccer game...
 haha that is possible! or maybe they use dogs or horses on sleds, could be an animal paradise, it's wild iceland has no public rail system btw
 Right? I wonder why not. Isn't their population like 300,000? I'm going to look it up...
 ya let me know what it is, it sounds really annoying to have to use domestic flights to go between towns
 338,000 from 2017. How the heck did I know that. Im impressed and ashamed all at once. 
 wow that is impressive! I know a girl that flew to iceland she said it was nice but really expensive
 What was she going to Iceland for? Im from Chicago and it's only a 6-8 hour flight. I want to see the northn lights there!
 ya she went just for a vacation she likes to travel! Well its been nice talking with you!
 I figured they were the highest paid.  It is crazy the amount of money they make.
 He actually gets a 32 million lump sum, but overall yes it is low compared to Jordan and Lebron.  No one will ever top Jordan's amount made off J's
 I would be also, no wonder why he went with UA.  I like Curry but his shoes are not the best looking.
 I would have thought he would be the highest paid
 Yea sounds like it, I wonder how much it will cost to ride the 160mph commuter bus the Dutch are creating, sounds fun
 You should listen to the twins from Japan then. They made a rap album when they turned 100 LOL it came out in 1992 I wonder how it is
 Yes I think so. You should also check out NWA. Their album Straight Outta Compton was a massive success, even though they didn't tour and didn't have any radio play for it
 Yeah, that's cool.  Carol Burnett was cool for showing up on Sesame Street.
 I actually love lists ha ha. Yes I use the internet constantly. 
 It is. I love dogs. I love all animals actually. 
 I had no idea. I'm glad they do the drives because that means they would need a lot of blood to save lives with that many different types. 
 Yes I agree I just hope they get a cookie after the drive LOL. I even like knowing that Google is officially a dog company because they put that in their code of conduct
 I didn't either but I'm not surprised. She's amazing!
 Agreed. There's certainly something to be said about the addiction of clicking around the internet for useless things. 
 I used to love C&C. I think the last one I played was Generals zero hour...good times! I firmly believe that the internet is like the modern version of running water for our society. You can't deny people from having access to that knowledge. The net gain is far too massive for all of society.
 Exactly. The mention of Ceres shocked me though. I always thought that was just part of the millions of rocks comprising asteroid belt after mars and not actually a celestial body by name.
 No I agree. I do miss them though. I guess the Python programming language was named after them, which is kind of cool
 Haha I like the way you think. I guess spoken audio like an audiobook has been available since the 1930s. I didn't know that audiobooks were that old
 Great U2. I'm going to get some audiobooks for myself right now haha.
 I love comedies!  How about you?
 I used to love the Drew Carey show because I'm from North east ohio.
 lol that's a great movie!  Drew Carey served 8 years on the marine corp where he would tell jokes to his fellow marines and that's what helped jumpstart his comedy career!
 Yes.  A lot of the show references he makes have direct real life ties to here in North East Ohio too.  That one theme song...where it goes bring my love to me tonight...that was actually a Polish song that was a skit on a local comedy tv show.  Did you like the Evan Almighty movie?
 I liked them both.  Evan Almighty is the most expensive comedy ever made.  It had a budget of $200 million!
 How do you spend $200M on that movie!
 Steve Carrell?  lol  It's been 37 years since a comedy has won the academy award for best picture.  That's a long drought.
 Not sure.  The early comedy cinema joke of slipping on a banana peel was a reference to slipping in horse manure.  lol
 lol  I haven't seen that movie.  Is it any good?
 I have not seen it but Bill Murray thinks it is the supreme achievemment of the modern age in terms of comedy!
 Well...I love Murray so if he says it's good, then I'm going to have to check it out!
 I didn't know that but I bet it would have been funny!  I like Jack Black.  The Empire Strikes Back was nominated by the writers guild of America for its best comedy award in 1981.  I don't get that.  That's just odd they would even call it a comedy. lol It's been fun chatting with you.
 Ditto! Have a great day!
 I am too, but I have not heard ofMike sacks.
 I did not, I thought in And out developed the drive thru first
 I thought they would be connected the polticians are always talking about cars in domestic manufacturing
 Yes it was nice talking with you have a good day
  good bye
 Hello - I've been married for 9 years now and was dating my wife about 4 years prior so it's been a very long time lol. What about you?
 That's much more my area of interest.  I have my own theories on certain aspects, primarily regarding the expansion of the universe
 Hello, what are your thoughts about television?
 Do you like the simpsons and do you know that There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned?
 yes i do like the simpsons. and no i diddnt know that.i like the 70's show also was cancelled after ten episodes
 yes, unfortunately and have you heard that Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each?
 What do you know about Prime minister?
 yes, also In many systems, the prime minister selects and may dismiss other members of the cabinet, and allocates posts to members within the government
 yes and also it is very interesting to know that When you turn 100 in japan, the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate.  
 exactly, also n 1995 a radio station successfully prank called queen elizabeth ii by pretending to be then canadian prime minister jean chretien, which is very interesting
 yes, and I also know that The uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly are leftover costumes from starship troopers.
 Also Sean bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the lord of the rings, did you know?
 thanks for the great conversation its been fun
 And one more thing, Johnny depp travels with his capt. jack sparrow costume to make impromptu visits to sick kids in hospitals, which was interesting to know.
 One of my favorite South Park episodes is where they make fun of the Family Guy. Apparently afterwards The Simpsons producers sent the South Park crew flowers. We made fun of them a la caja
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes, I've actually heard all 3 that have voiced Thomas.  Mainly, just watching in passing with my kids!  But, definitely George Carlin was my favorite Thomas!
 I agree with you on that.  ell, it's been nice chatting with you this morning, I need to get to work, now.  Enjoy the rest of your day!
 Anytime!
 i like music like Dark Side of the Moon.  which even though its 40 plus years old was still one of the top selling album of 2014
 Yes I can. I loved that show.  It wasn't until season 3 that I finally figured out where their names came from.  
 Tom, Dick, and Harry.... Get it!  My favorite comedy movie is Caddy Shack.  Bill Murray is a Comedy God!  He was really into his kung fu movies!
 Oh yeah. The Greeks loved their satire. Public opinion of the voters was often influenced by satirical comedies they'd perform in theatres. Sounds awfully familiar to current democracy! I guess Saturday Night Love began in Greece.
 Indeed. But fun, nonetheless. It was fun while it lasted.
 Hello!
 hi there
 Yes, I really like him. He even sings!
 I guess he sings in the new movie. I want to check it out. Do you like comedy movies in general?
 You are exactly right. And yes I love comedy. I find it interesting that The Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy ....lol
 Me either. It was originally supposed to star Jack Black. I think it is best the way it is. 
 Exactly, sometimes actors surprise you. I like so many comedy movies, but I also like many other genre's as well as documentary's like learning about the universe, stars, earth....
 So do you like music? I am a huge fan of many types of music and back in the day I had a huge Album collection, too bad I got rid of all my vinyl.
 Yes, they went through different stages through time. I was pretty happy to get cassettes but still miss my collection. I have all of my albums on my playlists though so happy about that! Best thing on earth is to have a great collection of music. It has been great chatting!
 I remember cassettes were truly amazing lol....portable! 
 Hahaha, I do! So funny how time changes and technology just gets better and better!  You have a great day! Nice chat!
 I think it depends on my mood.  I appreciate a really good drama, but sometimes I just want to laugh and not think too much.
 That changes day by day.  I just watched Ghostbusters with the kids over the weekend, right now I'd say that is my favorite comedy movie.  But it'll change.
 I'm not sure I know that one.  Typically if Bill Murray is in a movie I know I'm going to like it.  
 There's nothing like relaxing on the couch.  I see people watching movies on their laptop computers in places, it just doesn't look comfortable.
 Is that the one that ran on water?  I'd be interested to see how that works.  I recall a time when personal computers were new and you had to code in your own programs.
 My wife loves Hugh Laurie, she could take him wherever she goes and watch any episode she wants.
 I do!  Did you know that Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age!
 I haven't seen it.  I take that it isn't too good?  lol
 I saw that.  I think it would have been really fun with him in it!  
 I didn't know that.  Did you like 30rd Rock from the Sun?
 I always wondered what the biggest selling album was since the turn of the century.
 That is sweet.  What a way to celebrate!  NWA's Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour!
 The Earth was formed 4.5 billion years ago.
 I'm not sure what will happen.  When Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 That's a very short day. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. I just don't think I would survive in today's dating world. I would just want to sit at a bar and watch some ball games with a few beers. 
 Me too. I really like smart comedies like Modern Family.
 Bill Murray needs to go back to school if he thinks kung fu hustle is the best comedy of all time...
 Some people think the universe only has 1 electron so who knows!
 I hope! Nice chatting with you!
 Will do!
 Sure, who doesn't.    I've liked them ever since I read "Peter Rabbit"
 I liked the book as a kid, and more recently the movie with James Corden.
 I watch Netflix when I can.   When was the service founded?
 That is quite funny.    Did you know netflix now pays people to do nothing but watch and tag movies!
 No, I have never been.    I do know someone who worked at Netflix's office there though.
 Nice. Nice chatting with you.
 yeah...it seemed disneyesque. you can see so much on netflix these days
 yeah,,,i use them and youtube. between the 2, they probably make up half of internet traffic
 yeah...i like gangster stuff like the godfather. too bad blockbuster didnt make netflix an offer it cant refuse
 yeah...old world vs new. It's like the post office costs more for netflix than bandwith
 they must...except maybe in japan. there are tolls on every highway there.
 I'm good!  Do you watch netflix?
 I watch it a lot.  It's how I usually wind down for the night.  From 9  PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.  I'm in that 33% because that's my hit zone for when I watch. lol
 No doubt!  I wonder if Reed Hastings got that $40 late fee on the vhs copy of Apollo 13 from Blockbuster?
 They really blew that one didn't they?  Netflix is now worth $2 billion!
 You know they do!  lol  I love traveling!
 Oh man...that's tough.  I guess I would have to say the Grand Canyon.  My jaw dropped when I saw that for the first time.  One day I would like to go to Japan.
 I see that.  It would cost me more than $200 to travel across the country!
 If I could take that to where I wanted to go and get there safe, I would be traveling every weekend!  lol
 Holy cow!  I wonder if the Loch Ness monster is included in that list?  The 1912 Scottish protection of animals act lists the Loch Ness monster as a protected species!  lol
 I know! hahaha Did you know that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs?
 You are funny.  Apparently, Germany was the first country in the world to give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights.  
 Good, the topic about animal is to confusing to me.  Yes, I heard about that.  I think I'm included in the 33%.
 Hello, How are you today.
 Hi, great! I really enjoy watching cookie shows on Netflix and am excited to learn that Patrick O'Connell has released a culinary biography about the Inn at Little Washington.
 Really that sounds interesting I dont even have a clue who that is to be honest. 
 No I havnt. I am guessing it is named after George Washington.  
 I know George Washington was a wealthy man. His net worth would have been 525 million in 2010 dollars. 
 I would say he was a very good business man and a likeable guy on top of it. Although he was considered a bad public speaker by most historians.
 Probably just out of respect for a man who did so much for this country to become what it is. Ill admit it is screwed up how people could use slaves to make theirselves wealthy. There is no denying that Without George Washington this country may not have ever become this country like they did. 
 To add to your point. I believe he is the only President to receive 100 percent of the electoral votes. 
 Thats interesting. They also along with elephants are the only animals pointing. Probably why they are so popular as pets. instinctively understand 
 Oh my bad. I meant to say they are the only animals along with elephants that instinctively understand pointing. Im Sorry about that. Must have hit the wrong button on my keyboard.
 really that is interesting. I guess they have their hands in about everything these days. 
 Where do I sign up for that. I hardly ever use mine unless I have to.
 Hi yes,  absolutely,  everyday actually lol How about yourself?
 Yeah a lot. did you ever use a rotary phone?
 Yes,  Had a few in my grandmas house when I was younger,  it was the worse!  So many numbers to dial and when you messed up you would have to start all over again lol 
 I love dogs.  I recently rescue one from the shelter a few months ago.  Do you like dogs/.
 Yeah they are just really nice creatures. nice chatting with you
 Yeah, makes sense.  It is also wild that Plato was a pro wrestler before becoming a famous philosopher.  Get pinned and schooled at the same time!
 For sure... I am happy that McDonald's created drive-thrus in 1975 to help out our soldiers. 
 I love them too. Have a great day.
 do u like Wrestling?
 just like that.. but in my childwood.. i am very big fan of WWF.
 i don't have no time to watch that.. i like JOHN CENA
 hmm. ok. ok.. do u have a car?
 i like bike more then a car. so i have bike only.. but my brother have a car.. 
 yah i agree that.. soon I'll also buy a new car
 ha ha ha... god bless u..
 i also fully read it.. did you watch the movie THE DA VINCI CODE?
 sorry I haven't fully read the bible.. yah i like that movie.. i think its true
 HMM.. yah.. I think it's inconsiderate to remove so much of good things from bible
 do u believe in GOD?
 I do like some of the movies he was in, like Charlie and the chocolate factory and Alice in wonderland. Do you?
 Yeah, that's a good one too! Did you know he directed The brave?
 Yeah. In Edward scissorhands he only said 196 words. Also a really good movie!
 Yeah, he's made quite a name for himself. Gene Wilder (who apparently wasn't such a big fan of Depp) refused to watch the remake of willy wonka for fear of being disappointed by him.
 I am too. Do you use Netflix?
 I use it a lot. It uses 33% of north americas bandwidtch from 9pm tp 12am. Which makes sense, that's pretty much when I use it too.
 lol,yes. Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for tv drama, making 700000 per episode. Holy cow!
 Yeah, I also heard he switched his limp on his leg the entire time filming and no one ever noticed!
 Yeah, Jim carrey wont produce dramas anymore because it doesn't project positivity. 
 Yeah, he is a great actor. Jon hamm taught ellie kemper from the office, in high school drama. Interesting! 
 Very interesting.  Well its been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Wow. That is so cool. And I always loved that town. He only says 196 words in Edward Scissorhands.
 He might be making a movie about Dr. Seuss. I would really like to see that.
 Haha. It wasn't as great as the original but it wasn't terrible either. He seems like a nice guy too. He ended up adopting the horse from Sleepy Hollow when he heard the one-eyed horse was going to be put down.
 Well if not, and if I ever run out of something to watch on Netflix there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting information.
 I love dogs! They have great qualities. What about you?
 I like them as well! They're much more capable animals than we give credit for. They're one of the only animals to understand pointing!
 That is good to know! I have trained a few dogs before. They have their own little eureka moments and love to solve a tough problem.
 That is adorable! I am glad someone is looking out for the stray dogs. In Moscow, Russia dogs have learned to get around through the subway system! 
 Wow, that is 4x as many as human blood types! Dogs are also great for assisting police and military as well as helping the disabled. 
 Wow! iPhones are a nice luxury aren't they? Some phone makers even hire the symphony to make exclusive ring tones! 
 I've heard of Unicef before but I didn't know they had that program. Speaking of cell phones, they were actually invented by actress Hedy Lamarr in the 1930s
 Yes that seems very wasteful. But I guess they need to do it because of the terrain. If only people were superheroes and could just fly to the different cities haha
 Good morning! You like the drama genre? I think it's fitting that it is considered a form of poetry.
 I am glad he holds that belief because he is better and more suited for comedy!
 Funny you should say that because one of his students was Ellie Kemper who played Erin from The Office.
 Amen to that! Well said partner. The study of animals is called zoology! Great talking with you on this fine morning!
 I don't think so, because he really loves the NBA in general, and seems to be very tight with Rodman.  It might help if Trump was a better basketball player!  LOL
 I've seen some pretty funny parodies of Kim Jong Un on TV before. I think SNL has done a few. I love their weekend update skit...it's the longest running one! I think I'll go watch some SNL now, ttyl!
 Thanks for the chat!
 Somehow I'm not surprised. He seems to have gotten weird.  Not every actor does great I guess. I like that Patrick Stewart teaches master classes for drama students in the UK.
 Yeah, I bet there is. Animals from geographically distant areas often speak different languages or dialects.
 I guess that's good since they can't just take a vitamin. It was good talking today. Thanks! I learned a lot.
 Yes I love house! I love that Hugh Laurie is perfect for the role and I think that he really deserves his $700,000 per episode
 Yes I heard about that but he never actually investigated yet LOL normally you get what you pay for and so if those are free they're probably not very good in my opinion
 Hi, how are you?
 I am not sure. WHat are your thoughts on it?
 Yeah. I do like Justin Trudeau from Canada. Seems like a good dude.
 He was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion, china totally believes it. I can see the parades now...
 Hahaha.  I do wish he could take a joke better ... like with "The Interview", he could gain some real points for just taking a joke.
 HA! I forgot about that movie. Remember the consipiracy with that?
 Nice chatting with you.
 Could be .  Did you see that humans are adapted for persistence hunting and we are among the best distance runners among all running animals.  Wish I knew that before, would have boosted my gym visits and ambition.
 Morning. How good is the Internet? So good that it can cause real addiction measurable in the brain!
 That too i hard to believe. Luckily the library of alexandria has a copy of the internet just in case!
 Me too LOL. Apparently the three horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. I see the resemblance.
 I have gained a new appreciation for rap over the last few years.I bet the Korean rap is fun to listen to.  They have unique music in Korea
 That is pretty funny.  I wonder how old Marshall Mathers took that.  
 Way to go Judy.  She has been at it for years.  She can buy a lot of black robes and gavels 
 I bet that Pixar has a lot of cool stuff in that room
 Why?  The publish anything that they can get their hands on!  Pleasure talking with you today.  Have a good day
 Good to know! Funny how it is impossible to separate 2 phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together.
 It's where two teams play each other by trying to move a ball or puck into the opponent's goal using a hockey stick.  I'll throw some facts at you and you can learn a little bit.  Sound good?
 LOL An ice hockey rink remains under a basketball court when switching stadium sports.  Amazing how they can change the floors like they do.
 I'm not sure how that works.  Be interesting to know.  An average pro hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds per game!
 lol Right?  Me too!  A hockey player was traded for $1 in 1993 and he went on to win 4 stanley cups.  I don't know his name though.
 Yes! lol In 1924, the first Olympic winter games, Canada scored 132 goals and only let in 3 during the entire ice hockey competition!  They dominated the other teams that year for sure.
 Yes.  Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports - lacrosse and ice hockey!
 lol  I can't believe it's been over 20 years since google was founded in 1998.  The last 20 yeas have flown by for me.
 Shhh...lol A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon!  That's amazing.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Have a good one!
 Pretty cool that the Chicago Cubs were the first team to win back-to-back World Series Championships. That's the only reason I like to root for them
 Well she played when they were both in high school apparently. I don't know if she played since then haha.
 I do watch it.  I'm a baseball fan.  The sport has been declining in popularity for years now.  So that doesn't suprise me.
 I like it because I played it.  I understand though why people find it boring.  They love it in Japan and a lot of Japanese fans are surprised to discover it's status as America's national pastime.
 lol That's funny!  Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play if needed.  That would be interesting to see an 80 year old trying to hit a ball.
 I think he hit the jackpot!  Like winning the lottery.  lol
 Oh definitely! I wish my grandfather had baseball cards in my attic that I could find later for Millions LOL he's a lucky guy
 Right? LOL  Babe Ruth who was known for home runs was caught stealing to end game 7 of the 1926 world series.  File that away in the "useless knowledge" category. lol
 Wow.  I also find it intriguing that they were the first team to win back to back titles and have't won since.  lol
 I don't either. lol  Do you watch the NBA?
 I watch it sometimes. I really like Michael Jordan because I always had a pair of his Air Jordans as a kid
 Nice.  They were banned by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyways because Nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 I would try it and tell everyone it is scientifically approved. LOL
 LOL well if I made how much Allen Iverson makes, which is $800,000 a year, I would shoot however someone told me was best LOL
 That's some good money.  ...and how about the $32 million lump sum payment he will get as part of the big endorsement deal?  cha-ching!
 Hi! I love baseball! What about you? I also love kickball aka "soccer baseball" as the Canadians call it. Ha!
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 I'm a loyal Chicago Cubs fan!
 That's a good idea! Well, it's been fun and fast chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, friend!
 I did not watch the Academy Awards this year, but I do like Daniel Day-Lewis, he's won three awards for best actor which is insane
 Yes thanks, I'll probably watch them yet next year though assuming there is a really good host, I think they always give out 24 Awards still those shows do take some time
 hahaha. Good point on the divorce money. I don't enjoy his movies either. 
 I forgot about Sesame Street. LOL Poor Big Bird. haha 
 I think Elmo was more traumatized!
 Most definitely.  I still laugh at the thought of the dancing sharks at her halftime show for the Super Bowl.
 I hadn't ever heard of it til now. It's usually us(the US) that make horrible remakes of UK shows.
 I guess people love writing horror movies
 I think it's ok, what about you? Its funny to me that Tupac was like a hardcore rapper but he did ballet in high schoool lol
 That is so funny. I would never have guessed. I think photography is important to document places and people. I'm glad people like Yoriyas from Casablanca are documenting their hometowns and events.
 Nice, I would really like to ride that one some day
 Ryan Seacrest was sad when they ended it. Bet hes happy its back.
 Thats right Nicole. They are paying him $10 Million for the show
 LOL. Did you really think his parents named him Jay Z? He also went to school with Busta Rhymes & DMX. I'm sure their parents gave them boring names too.
 Yes and don't forget he went to school with a Notorious BIG, that school must have something special in the water LOL
 See I like Empire State of Mind, it was written by Jay-Z who collaborated with Alicia Keys, I like them more but that's just me haha
 That was a great movie! I used to love the Rugrats, great show, I watched them as a kid
 I would like to understand Korean just to make fun of that lol, compliment battles, people just dont know what to make up these days
 Yes from House! He's a great actor, and the highest paid TV drama actor ever.
 Yeah that's a lot of money. And Michael Caine is another great actor. He became one because all the pretty girls were in drama class at his school!
 Agreed. And I felt like Ace Ventura was pretty positive haha. It made people laugh. I still watch it and laugh to this day.
 hi, how are you?
 So true we all need to be conscious about our actions, by the end of the 21st century the Earth will be helium-free, that means no more pretty balloons.
 It would be an interesting thing to look into to. It was very nice chatting with you. You gave me a lot to think about. Have a nice day. 
 Hi, do you like movies?
 I love it, One of my favorite actor is Jim Carrey, he used to perform dram but not anymore!
 I remember Truman show, it was great but he wants to project pure positivity and he is good at that
 Me too. Did you know how much doe Hugh Laurie gets paid per episode?
 That is a lot. Did you know the motivation for Michael cane to go to drama class?
 Did you know about Rger Dankins?
 So much talent around, did you know no woman has even been nominated for best cinematography ever?
 Did you know the movie spartacus had a cinematographer but staley kubrik pretty much did all the job by taking the camera from the cinematographer
 Yes Why hire one ? There was algo a great Chinese cinematographer who had a hard time because of racism . Did you know about him?
 Not fair but good for him that he persisted! Well great chat, have a good one!
 Yes I have heard that before. They have come a long way.
 Thats a win for playstation
 It was good talking to you!
 I also see it can be played offline. He also did Brothers: a tale of two sons.
 Yeah. It sounds like the screwdriver is used for some work. And it makes it realistic!
 They do like their "cathode ray tube amusement devices".
 Imagine the new guy trying to figure out that acrynom... Do you play? Do you add to that 3 billions hours of play a week?
 Agreed. My son watches it and it is not a good show. I prefer the simpsons.
 Me too. That episode was called 4 great women and a manicure.
 I was trying to figure out if I should watch some Family Guy or play the Playstation. Today is my day off work and I want to relax.
 No, how much do we play video games? I am not even able to guess.
 Oh yeah, I dont really know a lot about that show but I wanted to be a fan! I love the 70's vibe and the bell bottoms!
 Oh, wow. The lingo was not meant to be translated and I can see how that could be really weird, not groovy man!
 Yeah, different type of humor there. Nice chatting with you :)
 lol  I use them a lot.  The space shuttle's general purpose computer ran on 1mb of RAM.
 That's cool!  In 1936 the Russians made a computer that could run on water.  That is a good concept and I didn't know computers were around then.
 I think I would just so I could leave a legacy for my kids, future grandchildren, etc.  Be neat.
 Whoa!  I have an Android.  Speaking of phones...New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Hahah I think we had a rotary phone until sometime during the early 80's.  We still get the phone books dropped off but haven't used one in years.  Why do you ask?
 wow.  They had a few stinkers then.  Treasure Planet was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time and it was also made by Disney.
 lol  Must have been a lot.  That movie was huge.  Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star.  Do you know how much his movies have made?
 His movies have made over $8.5 billion in worldwide film earnings!  That's a lot of cash.
 Right?  It's been nice chatting with you!
 Lol don't worry I'm completely with you on this one.
 Yeah a little bit... have had apple computers as long as i can remember!
 i was working on them in 86 Apple IIe that were running DOS.  Purchased my first one in 91?
 Was that the one that had a single button on the mouse I remember having that one as a kid in my parents' office
 That was the classic!  Remeber using the dial up modem with the telephone
 exactly!  LOL!!!  I even remember rotary phones :)
 Do you remember the big Tv's that came with like wooden panels and the buttons right on the side 
 ummmmm yeahhhh!  We had one and my grandmother had one!
 LOL... I had PONG my friend!!!
 Pong was the best the little knob that would drive you crazy
 yeah... but it was awesome because we didn't know any better!!!
 It was awesome talking to you my dude see you in the comments of joe rogan videos on youtube lol
 That is pretty cool. I remember having a rotary phone! I think it was past its time but my parents were too cheap to replace it. Ha.
 Yes. I know I sure could not live without mine. Good chatting with you today!
 Have a good night.
 totally lost. I do a lot of egosurfing lol
 I wish I were a Astronaut so i can have faster internet than most americas
 I do too because I am too lazy to sew or replace buttons myself lol
 I agree and 1977 was 3 times. Well it has been fun. Good night
 I use to watch it all the time when I was teenager. I love the Olsen twins as well.
 That is great. Do you know if they have a clothing brand?
 Yes their clothing brand is a luxury brand called Row. What year did Full House end?
 The show I believe ended in 1995 after eight seasons. I did learn that the show is now on Netflix as well.
 Yes that is correct. They were making $80,000 per episode I believe.
 I have heard something about that the other day. I heard that their company DualStar Entertainment Group rose to $1 billion in annual sales because from their success in their clothing lines.
 Likewise. It was fun chatting with you as well.
 I do like YouTube a lot. It's my main source of music, except when I use Spotify to find stuff that's been taken down for copyright reasons.
 Yeah, it's also a great source of links to news if you follow the relevant people in a field.
 Same here!
 Hello! Are you an active member of Facebook?
 I love that! I wonder why they are choosing to do that marketing campaign?
 That's an interesting question. I'll have to find out! But I mainly like to watch rap videos on YouTube. In fact, the Koreans invented a new style of freestyle rap called "compliment battle". It's very fun to watch. Are you a fan of rap?
 Same here, have a good one
 I suppose when you've climbed Everest you need to be able to take that selfie and send it out.
 Stick with the good old basic t-shirt from 1904.  Good bye.
 I loved mine too. It was the first system I grew up with.
 That's hilarious that happened. Well, it was great talking with you. Have a good day.
 Haha Thank you! :) Yes it was very nice chatting with you! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye! :)
 I will, and thank you again! 
 Why did you say that?
 People said that he is short.  How short or tall is he?
 I see. Why is he so famous?
 Who actually owns it?
 The college director said that he likes to sleep.
 Yes, we do.  It's an australian sheppard
 I used to have a shitzu but it died due to old age.  John the bulldog likes to get a lot of attention from people.
 I heard.  How old is he?
 McKenzie Stough, Georgetown's director of digital engagement mentioned about Jack's habit.  I wonder if the dog lives with him.
 Yeah same here, I hope you have a nice day. 
 I have really gotten into Game of Thrones recently.  But I like others as well
 I am a big football fan.  I played QB in high school and still follow the sport
 Shows how much hard work pays off.  Now he has won several super bowls and is considered one of the best ever.
 What's the point of being a millionaire if you can't buy a bunch of expensive stuff?
 Agreed, these days the whole world revolves around the internet - look at Amazon, they are worth an estimated one trillion dollars!
 Yep, although his attack on Gallipoli was a disaster, he recovered extremely well
 I didn't know that! Although I am not surprised that it was removed as they are not sports. Did you know that Two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992?
 omg, this is so hilarious.  Btw, very nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 You too, merry Christmas eve
 That's a tough call because I love so many styles of music.  I literally love it all!  I
 I guess I would say I have a soft spot for 80s pop and hard rock music because I grew up in those years and graduated high school in 1989.
 I liked them as well. Led Zeppelin decided not to title their 4th album in order to confuse the hated rock press.
 I agree with you there 100 percent!  They sound holllow and thin to me.  I love hearing the needle on vinyl.
 I agree there.  I used to love going to record stores when I was younger.  Now there are only 2 independant record stores left within driving distance of where I live and I have to drive 1 1/2 hours either South or West to get to them.  My dream job in a perfect world would have been to own a record store.
 Yikes.  Aerosmith made more money from guitar hero than any album.  That's an interesting stat.
 Speaking of online....the astronauts on the international space station have faster internet than most Americans do at home!
 No doubt!  Imagine the wind!  Everyone in Finland has the right to an internet connection.
 I believe the internet has been declared an essential service. The reality is it's no less important then power or running water. Everything is stored online these days both new stuff and old archives.
 I agree.  Humans are the minority on the internet, outnumbered by automated software programs.  Kind of creepy.
 Kinda but I think it's okay. Anyway the UPS guy just came. I got some new LP's delivered. I'm going to go listen to them.
 Haha nice  I'm going to have to go google some albums for myself on the internet as well.
 Nice chatting with you. Have a good day.
 You too! Have a good one!
 Yeah maybe that is why they discontinued it. Nice chatting with you :)
 Hi , do you like music?
 My favorite genre is rock, one of my favorite bands is Linkin Park. did you know one of their album is the best selling in the 21st century?
 I think it's their Hybrid Theory one right? that's pretty impressive. Also impressive is the two twins from Japan, they released a rap album when they turn 100 years old, I wonder if that's any good LOL
 Yeah, Hybrid theory is  great album. About the twins from Japan, I really want to hear that. Impressive and exotic!
 I have not heard them, I am curious because I learned they earned platinum without airplay or touring!
 They lost the rights to their old record. So they just remade all the tracks lol pretty funny and also smart
 That must have been a lot of work! But they did a best hits album, Im sure it paid off
 I think they are great, they still do worldwide tours. and that album was released more than 40 years ago
 Me too! I work, do searches, send emails, share files, I do many things!!
 I think it has to do with a three line menu button that is so common today on web sites and apps
 I like that name , hamburger button. I do not think I have a clicking addiction either.. Did you know if you went to Mt Everest you could get some internet and 3g cell services?
 This makes me very curious and makes me want to go to Egypt and check the Alexandria library! It was nice talking to you !
 I did not know who she is. I love to read, I would like to read some of her novels, like Life after Life, Behind the scenes at the museum  or any other.
 Yes she has bounced  from non-mystery to suspense to fiction and now a spy novel: transcription, that has a very interesting plot.
 I like to read , fiction, non-fiction, biographies etc. this transcription has spy novel interesting elements such as: double agents, disappearing ink, recording devices and an interesting main character.
 And has historic elements too, because the character "lived"in  the post war years, what do you think of the main character Juliet?
 Seems awfully young to be thrown into that dodgy world of counter subversion, but I'm sure she handles it well.  She's the heroine, of course.. LOL
 I agree with you, only 18 years old and being followed for "what she did". But it actually makes me curious. It seems a little bit like Sherlock Holmes novels, which I love.
 Cool. I did not know. And did you know that there is a rank of fictional character based on their abilities and powers? 
 Yes, and he did it in his youth, he wrote of Hercules and Oedipus!
 Nobel price on literature, and what do you think about architecture, literature, music as being part of the olympics?
 Yes I do. did you know that in  world war II radios were made of razor blades and a pencil as a diode?
 That sounds like a very high percentage definetely. But if yo want to hear something that is far from local, you can hear to Jupiter radio storms, crazy! 
 Sounds cool, but I have to go.  It's been nice chatting with you.
 Same hear! have a great day
 I do like YouTube though I prefer to watch Netflix more.
 But if you eat a lot of popcorn like I do it's probably counterproductive.
 I'd like to get a waterphone so I can play suspensful creepy music just like in the movies, but randomly at home.
 No, I do not. It would be fun to play that trick on my family. And that is awesome about the chicken. I'd love to be the chicken eating person behind the sound effects.
 Yeah that's crazy! Well, it was very nice talking to you! I'm going to go watch The Shining right now!
 Yeah.  I've been thinking that I should maybe watch more horror movies.  It makes one enjoy abstract are more. 
 Yes they created it in 2005.  I can't believe it's already been around 14 years.  It still feels new to me.  Those guys cashed in big time too.  Do you know how much they sold it for?
 I'm sure they have their fingers in it.  Netflix and youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  That number is just going to keep climbing I think.
 Isn't that crazy? ..and kind of creepy too.  lol   Do you remember Psy's Gangam Style song?  It got so many views on yotube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 I believe it.  When I'm at work that's all everyone does at break time is watch youtube.  did you know police have their own youtube called blutube?
 Correct!
 I didn't know that.  I know that they now have 3G cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.  I wonder if that's because they are closer to some kind of satellite or somthing?  Same for the astronauts....
 I didn't know that.  The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.  Just exactly how would the internet burn down?  lol
 It's been fun!  Have a good night!
 Oh nice me too. I like oldies stations. If you like dramas there is a website where you can listen to free episodes of radio dramas.
 I would probably win that contest, so no need for anyone to apply or enter, lol.
 Good morning!  I have never heard of her.  Tell me more.
 I bet that was fun working in a book store!  I love books.  Never was too much of a fiction fan though.  Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction.
 I love reading autobiographies, history, or era related non-fiction.  Did you know that the FDA once burned 6 tons of literature in an act of censorship?
 Yes.  In 1953 Sir Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature.  That's a neat story!
 That is interesting and I agree about the judging as well.  Romantic kissing is a fairly recent development.  I would have thought that would have been around for centuries.  It's rarely mentioned even in ancient Greek literature.
 Neat!  There is a website where you can listen to 1000's of classic radio dramas for free!  Not sure what the site is though.
 LOL  They didn't even offer it when I was in school.  They only offered Spanish
 LOL  Did you know that Canadian law requires radio to play at least 40% of music that is Canadian based?
 I have heard that before, some say that's why there are so many Canadian artists, because they get a chance to make it to the top in their own country.
 I kind of like that law.  There's too much of the same music played on radio here in the states.  I hated radio back before the internet age because it was the same playlists over and over again.
 Yes.  It was terrible.  I got sick of hearing the same songs.  Soldiers in WW2 made their own radios by using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode.  That's interesting!
 Yes.  I agree!  It was nice chatting with you this morning!
 Wow, also one of the most popular radio acts was a ventriloquist! how would that work?
 I know? Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the original fantastic four.
 Maybe enough to call someone or play Angry Birds?  Hope so... I must go to Hawaii, there business attire is an aloha shirt.  Hate ties...
 I know how that is. I wont talk religion either. That's a huge no no!
 Same here! Not only are they comfortable but in Hawaiian climates, I think a suit and tie might be a little to sweaty and hot!
 Yep you too. Have a good day. 
 I bet he made so much money! Did you know that the first youtube video made was of some dude talking about an elephant? Not much has changed!
 I do like to golf.  I didn't realize they took so much water.  I live in Augusta GA, home of the Masters,  and it rained a lot there...
 Yes, I try to use socal media but limit myself to the weekends. What about you?
 Yes, I used to sometimes follow Justin Bieber and his wife closely. I heard a guy was banned from FB for using his name.
 Oh man! I wish he wasn't, I like him! HA. Ya know the first YouTube ever uploaded was a guy talking about an elephant. That is something I would have done.
 Yes, and YouTbe has also been used for dating. WOW!
 Yeah, that is a weird funny way to use it for sure. My favorite thing to watch with my kids is the 70 full length episodes is Bob Ross the Joy of Painting. He has an official channel.
 I totally get that. I used to live near the headquarters which are in San Bruno,CA.
 I have really found some weird one like John Cena holds the record for wishes granted with make-a-wish foundation. What a wonderful guy who gives giving.
 Hello,  I am doing great!  How are you?
 I am good thanks. Are you interested in outer space?
 Definitely.  More than kid rock anyway. 
 Cool Did you know that The planet uranus actually rotates sideways and "rolls" around the sun rather than "spinning" like the other planets.
 LOL Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 yes absolutely. I was more upset over Chris Cornell. So sad.
 Lots of them "stars" do too. Its so outta control the world seems at times.
 I love rock and rap no country really  I know I am strange. How bout you?
 I like all kinds,  even country sometimes.  I listen to mostly r&b and rap,  and a lot of disney songs lol
 Thats cool. I listen to a lot of radio. Do you?
 Yes me too. Its has been good chatting with you.
 Thanks You too.
 YEah nice! All the videos on youtube are cool
 Gangam style was so popular they had to change how they counted videos.
 Better than banning the like button like they did in a part of Germany.
 Hi! I do love playing and watching golf. In fact, Antarctica actually has a disc golf course I hope to see one day. How about you?
 Families can discuss big issues afterwards and it is good that the movie shows people standing up for what they believe in
 I just heard about that. It's cool that it kind of teaches kids to solve problems.
 I am good! The sun is shining here! What about you?
 Hello, Do you like travel?
 YES i like  long travel 
 Do you have a long trip? Which place do you like?
 A tourist attraction is a place of interest where tourists visit, typically for its inherent or an exhibited natural or cultural value, historical significance, natural or built beauty, offering leisure and amusement.
 Oh! that's nice. I like to travel Eiffel Tower. 
 okay,do you like to purchase in amazon? 
 Yes, I like it very much. I think this is a best way to purchase. 
 Do you have that service useful?
 Yes, it is. The products are very standard here. This is definitely useful.
 have you bought anything up to amazon?
 Of course, I bought a mobile phone. I like it very much. 
 okay,nice do you like baseball?
 Sometimes I see. I do not know much about it.
 i like very much Red Sox team.
 Okay, Which player you mostly like?
 i like Alex Cora. He is already making history
 Do you have any details about Alex Cora?
 yes.His team set a franchise record for the most wins in one season and, after clinching the American League Championship Series, Cora is the first Puerto Rican to lead a team to the World Series.
 Okay, it's interesting. I think this is a best game in the world.
 yes definitely, this is very interesting game.
 Okay, thank you very much. 
 Hello, and no. I do not. I think its hilarious that a 17 year old girl, struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou gehrig.
 No I don't but think they are very useful.  Nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Hi! I love horses! My favorite horse is the Icelandic horses because they actually have a fifth speed tolt which is like a horse's speedwalk! What about you?
 I love fish! Particularly seahorses as I think it's cool they're the only fish with necks. What about you?
 Yeah, I heard it was added for soldiers who couldnt leave their cars in fatigues. That was nice of McDonald's to do that, wasn't it?
 I'm afraid not, my wife does though, she's actually at a barn right now!
 Great chat! Thanks!
 hello, how are you?
 I certainly did not. That was some news to me
 i'll keep an eye on it. By the way did you know that In 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights.
 definetly yes. what is your thought about the entertainment article?
 That quite interesting actually. Didn't really know that. What i found interesting as well is that Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look."
 we are definetly surrounded by water 
 When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long. can you imagine that?
 that's very unfortunate
 that's quite fast
 hard to imagine actually
 Well, its been a pleasure talking to you. Enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye!
 same to you
 Bye
 bye
 I hit done
 ya I agree! I thought the kids in that movie did a great job, espeically that little girl who was deaf in real life
 Oh I didn't know she was. I liked how they all learned sign language for the movie! The cinematography was awesome too!
 oh I listen to youtube haha, but I do want to listen to Jupiter radio waves on my AM radio sometime
 I've never heard of one! I wish I could hear Bill Murray voicing the human torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!
 I've heard about them! it was probably them and BIng Crosby taking up radio time back then.
 Hello and good evening! I have been reading up on cinematography tonight!
 That's a pretty big influence. Those type of shots are everywhere.
 That's so many times. I will have to watch some of his films, then.
 I love space and the universe. They make me reflect on existence in positive ways.
 It is very interesting. There is a region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe.
 That's so interesting. I recently read one of Neil DeGrasse Tyson's books.
 Astrophysics for People in a Hurry I believe was the title. It was excellent.
 I will have to check that one out. one funny thing i read was the universe may be one giant superhologram. i know its silly but some believe it
 yea just being lazy sometimes is the best thing.
 if you are performing them yes it is. 
 And the range of audience can affect it as well. One thing that's nice is how adaptable entertainment has become in our culture
 yes. i was just reading in the animals facts that the loch ness monster is a protected species. thats pretty hilarious.
 If it's the Nintendo 64 system, I can understand. I'll still jump at the chance to play those games such as Mario Kart, despite the system only displaying 54 colors
 oh yea every n64 game i loved. i still play ocarina of time.
 What's interesting is what entertainment looked like years before technology. Around 50BC, the inhabitants of Britain bred chickens for entertainment rather than food
 And most of them all move, reproduce, and breathe oxygen. The ones that are domesticated have patches of white on their foreheads overtime
 Yeah, and we complain now, go figure. nice chat
 I just learned that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. 
 It is crazy that their is regulations on that if its not real.
 I heard it could only display 54 colors.
 We are all spoiled with screens now and their abilities. 
 Hi, have you seen a Quiet Place?
 It was for Amazon Prime. It was pretty good but I think they failed to understand how to space the show. It ended pretty abruptly.
 Are you trying not to type Krasinski? HA! He was really good. At times, all I could see was Jim though.
 He was the black detective. Drank with McNaulty all the time.
 Me too! I feel like half of hollywood is short. But I am 6'6" so most everyone is short to me.
 No, especialy since it may be one giant superhologram!
 I do not think so. If so, I am choosing a terrible hologram. I would have liked more sun and a lot more summer!
 I hope so, I need some sun and heat! Nice chatting with you!
 I think they do as this ability is connected to ther mimic and speak abilities
 He sure did. I wonder if he ever met pocahontas. They were alive at the same time in history.
 Yet it is true.  I thank shakespeare for the name Jessica and the name Olivia. He coined those names and one is my sisters name and the other is my daughters name.
 Yeah that's true he did. I don't know any Mirandas. Have you ever been to a Shakespearian play?
 I have. They are much better when they use the era appropriate dialogue. IT introduces rhymes and puns that arent possible using todays language.
 I love dramas. Im kind of glad jim carreys religous beliefs wont let him do them anymore though. He is better at comedies.
 I like dramas. I would love to find that website.
 I'm sure you can find it with google pretty easy. Did you know that Hugh Laurie made 700,000 per episode when he did House. Thats crazy.
 I bet he is. That would be cool to see Carrey in that role I think. 
 It would be hilarious. Lol. Michael caine only became an actor because the prettiest girls were in acting class. I think it worked out for him. Lol.
 Have a great one. Thanks!
 Hi there, hope you are having a good evening. Do you enjoy dancing very much or do you like to sit them out?
 Parrots, really? I didn't know that! I do know that babies love to dance. My kids did like to get down and they smiled and laughed with the music!
 I'm sorry about my last comment, I meant to say that I didn't know the moonwalk was invented in 1955! I know that Michael Jackson mastered that skill, for sure. I'd like to see the drawings of the ballet slippers too!
  I think there was a lot of dancing in some of his 39 plays and 154 sonnets! Maybe accompanied by a lute!
 Oh wow, that's interesting, I have never seen a theater show, have you? If I were to see one, I hope to see something by Shakespeare because he wasn't just a great poet, he was also a writer, a playwright, and actor! His unique talent must've known how to capture the attention of the audience.
 Oh wow! Ever reached out for an autograph or something? I'd imagine I probably wouldn't have the courage to do that if I went to school with someone who later turned out to be famous.
 Lol, that's so cute! Music and dance sure go hand in hand! Although some argue there is a distinction between theatrical and participatory dance since they serve different function, such as social, ceremonial, marital, etc.
 Did you see the Royal wedding?  They were getting married at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.  That will be a big day for them.  
 I love that they ride in a carriage after the wedding and greet everyone spectating.  That must be so thrilling!
 Yeah. It was nice chatting with you
 Same here
 Haha, must be!  I actually did watch a replay of the HBO version with Will Ferrell and Molly Shannon.  That was funny!
 I have seen a few episodes of it before, but I don't watch regularly.  I am a big fan of watching tv shows though!
 I love both of them.  I was happy to hear Jim Carrey is getting away from dramas.  He is hilarious and should only do comedies.
 I have not.  Is it good?  I typically just watch music videos and sports highlights on YouTube.  I think it is tremendous we have a site where regular people can upload content.
 Haha, don't worry I am not a Bieber fan!
 That is shocking!  I see some Netflix in my future very shortly!  It was great chatting today!
 William Shakespeare is the greatest writer and dramatist in English language, So he is called England's national poet.
 Yes. His works consists of 39 plays, 154 sonnets and certain authorship. Shakespeare popularized many new phrases we use today life.
 Dance is also the part of Drama. Performing dance is very difficult task because it consists of sequences of selected human movement.
 I'm not good at dancing.  Well it's been fun chatting with you this morning.  Talk to you later, friend.
 Nope I don't either. I did not even read the terms when I subscribed to Netflix back in 1997 when it started.
 Yes, nice talking with you. have a good night!
 Okay bye!
 Yeah Have you heard of Bluetube?
 Seemed over the top, but I thought that was the gimmick.  Like those Sharknado movies.
 I wonder how much the bosses of Netflix have?  I think that Amazon founder, is it Bezos, has more money than the Black Panther.  Maybe he should become a superhero.
 Of course, Netflix is available if you pay to all countries except for a few including China, Syria, and N. Korea.
 Yep he's a great guy. I also want to see a video of mr. Rogers, he learned how to break dance in one of his episodes, I bet that's hilarious
 Hello!  Are you familiar with the TV show, House?
 I watched quite a bit of it myself. I was mesmerized by the performance of Hugh Laurie. Do you know how much he earned to play that role?
 Sure. It seems like everyone does these days. I heard it is the second largest search engine on the net.
 Yeah. It's amazing. It's like an encyclopedia. I remember in the 90s when the Roots-n-Blues compilations came out and I'd buy an entire compilation for just one Barbecue Bob Hicks song and think having three of them was really something, and now his entire body of work is online.
 Hard to believe that the Youtube service has only been around since 2005! Now it is a dominant force in the entertainment arena!
 Yeah. I could hardly believe it when Google bought the site in 2006 for $1.65 billion. Not bad for two years work!
 I have, for a not-for-profit project. I do not upload any personal info though. Not like I'm posting the next Gungnam style video...
 That sounds cool. I could probably come up with a lot of funny cat videos if I had a good camera.
 Yeah! You could have them purring to the Justin Bieber's Baby ... maybe the most disliked YouTube video ever!
 He is talented, but definitely and over-actor. Not like a classic dramatic performer, like Michael Caine or Lawrence Olivier. Did you know Caine started acting because he was interested in pursuing the pretty girls in his drama classes?  Now he has amassed quite a plethora of stellar performances.
 That sounds like Caine all right, LOL.
 You ever listen to classic radio dramas? Thwere is a website I like that has tons of content available for free.
 My brother-in-law is really big on the old-time radio serials, and I've listened to some of his collections. Nice chatting!
 I believe that is the Golden Theater.   I forget the name of her character though.   Do you know?
 I agree.    I think I saw something she directed before.    A girls-soccer drama.
 Interesting.   Do you know what the name of that production was?
 OK.    I guess it is no nuttier than Michael Caine becoming an actor to be with pretty girls!
 Yes, that is who I was talking about.     Beyond dramas, I like comedy film with an emphasis on humor!
 True.    It makes one understand why Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to go into comedy.
 I wonder if Bill Murray likes bro-mantic comedies like Harold and Kumar.
 I watched that show when it aired! I liked how they had some homages to Sherlock Holmes throughout the series.
 I read a fun fact that the producers of the show never knew he was British when he auditioned.
 I am familiar with him, he was great in the new Batman films.
 I am a big comedy fan. They are my favorite types of movies.
 I like a lot of the SNL alumni, it was fun talking about movies with you, have a great day!
 I do love to watch comedies! How about you? In fact, 3rd Rock From the Sun was one of the best! I was so happy when it won the best comedy series at the Golden Globe back in 1997. It beat out some great competition!
 They did and those were two great shows! I also love the Bromantic comedy genre movies like The Hangover, Harold and Kumar, Pineapple Express, etc.
 Have you ever hear Hugh Laurie's real accent? I think his American accent is so good! I never would have guessed he had that British accent!.
 Hello, how are you doing tonight?
 I am great, how are you?
 I am doing great as well. Do you like many drama's?
 I do, I am more of a horror buff but House was one of my favorite of the categories.
 Did you know house was one of the highest paid drama actors! Hugh Laurie! Who knew!
 I was shocked to learn judge judy was second with $123K. WOW!
 I know, right. It was like when soul train came on on saturdays. You knew cartoons were over!
 Do you listen to country music?
 I have not. Jeff Bezos is cousins with George strait though!
 I am not sure but I would like to find out... Google here I come!
 I did not know that. I wonder what is in that room?
 Me too, well its been good talking with you, have a great night!
 You too. Great chat!
 Yeah. I don't really pay attention to that stuff so it all passed me by. And I was happy with that!
 Well, good for her! I don't want to hate... I hope she gets rich and puts me in the will though!
 Nice chatting with you!
 It's ok.  I like the older country music.  Did you know that the Fender stratocaster was intended for country music?
 That's a lot of cash between the two of them. lol  There are only 2 African Americans in the country music hall of fame.
 I can only think of Charley Pride and Darius Rucker.  
 I only know his one song "Kiss an Angel Good Morning" because it was popular when I was a kid.  Henry Ford helped finance the popularization of country music due to his fears over the "urban decadence" of jazz music.  Wow.
 lol I remember that. Who knows?  Pixar has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities.  I wonder what's in there that it's such a big secret? lol
 That's funny!  ...and I guess so. lol  Judge Judy makes $123,00 per episode making her the highest paid celebrity only after LeBron James.  I've never even watched her show.
 lol Robin Williams in Aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.  I had a good time chatting with you!
 Have a good night too!
 I agree. That would be hilarious to hear how they rap at 100 years old.
 Haha same here. Well, it was good talking to you!
 I'm happy that Hybrid Theory was so popular. I love Linkin Park and White Stripes and all those other 00s bands -- they were like a holdover from the classic days of grunge.
 Also happy that Dark Side of the Moon is still popular. You ever try that trick of syncing it up with Wizard of Oz?
 That's funny, I'm gonna try it when I have a chance. 
 That's a good thing. I guess their gravity well vacuums up a lot of income debris.
 It's a lot like the Earth's magnetic field protecting us from radiation.
 Haha ya I don't know what it is about country, i just can't take it, like seriously haha
 thank you you too! I'll check out those tracks you sent over
 I liked that show a lot when it was on. John Lithgow is amazing in everything he does.Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". I love Bill Murray.  
 wow that's a lot. In Croatia they still use a roman amphitheater as a concert venue. 
 Well to be fair I would imagine every Creed concert is a bad concert. They knew what they were getting into ha ha. 
 It's good. Bill murray said it was a supreme achievement in modern comedy.
 I do too. Well its been nice chatting with you!
 likewise. 
 Yes, it's beautiful. I saw at least one symphony there as a kid. David Sedaris is speaking there. He's pretty funny.
 Me Talk Pretty One Day is a classic. 
 Yes. It's brilliant. Imagine a live action Looney Tunes cartoon. Bill Murray loved it too.
 Growing up, it was the Lion King, so I'm super excited for this remake coming this year
 I didn't know they were remaking the Lion King. I remember Elton John singing the soundtrack. We saw the Lion King musical this past spring. 
 Toronto is nice, but Niagara Falls is awesome. I'm from the Buffalo area, so we used to go all the time. And funny enough, we had a Cadillac growing up haha
 That's funny. I don't think I have ever ridden in a cadillac, bizarrely enough. I have been to Buffalo several times. They have a really big mall there. 
 That's awesome! I hit one of my goals a few years ago and bought my first new car. It's a Jeep Grand Cherokee and I couldn't be happier with it!
 That's great! I haven't bought a "new" car yet. I have bought several new to me cars. My spouse has bought two brand new cars. I think that is the way to go. 
 We have a nicer car, now, and it's so pleasant to go places and not worry about if your vehicle looks good enough. I also enjoy the more comfortable ride...and the heated seats are amazing! 
 I'm in the middle. I love the seats. I try not to use them if we are going very far because I do get relaxed when they are on. 
 I think she used to be at least, she might still be on the show. I know Shelton, Levine, and Jennifer Hudson are on now. Jennifer Hudson was the lucky coach who got the kid!
 Do you like horror films?
 That is crazy.  He called it the first horror movie he saw.  lol
 I wonder what his parents told him when they were taking him to the filming locations! lol
 Yes!  The majority of creepy metallic noises in sci-fi and horror films are made by an instrument called a waterphone.  Never heard of that before.
 That's neat!  Did you know that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories?  lol  Are you fan of Walt Disney?
 During the 70's Disney recycled a lot of their animation frames resulting in identical scenes in some movies!
 I've heard that too!  Kind of like movie easter eggs.  
 I had no idea!  I liked Frozen.
 Yes!  I was going to say that but I hit the button before I was done.  lol  The toy industry gets involved in the Disney animations even before the beginning of the film production.  Kind of interesting.  So they are trying to make a movie that revolves around selling toys and not a pure story line?  
 Kind of makes me think differently now towards them. lol  The Lion King was the first Disney movie to be dubbed in Zulu for it's African release.  How interesting!
 I agree.  I have to get going.  Loved chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 I do not. I am too busy finding out if he is the father on Maury...
 All the free DNA tests he can use. Not as much as Carol Burnett though...
 I do. Do you?
 I did not. I am glad McDonalds made a drive thru though. Can you imagine going in all the time to place your order?
 Remind me not to drive near you! Nice chatting with you!
 True, I forgot he was! I've never been to Canada, have you?
 Ha, good one!  The guy who started Netflix, had 40 bucks in late fees on a video rental and thought that was insane so he started Netflix !
 Yes, I think so too!  His daughter said...He was bringing together books who had no reader and readers who had no books!
 Entertainment is an interesting business. Well thanks for chatting I learned a lot of new and interesting things today.
 hello!
 No I don't, I don't have any favorite teams at the moment but one of my all time favorites is Michael Jordan. I got to meet him once. How was the game?
 Hahahaa, guess you could get offended by that lol 
 That's what I hear. It's too bad. And coaches are the highest paid state employees...college football or basketball.
 Yes, seems crazy but it must be a tough job. I wouldn't want it lol .
 Me too, definitely. If I was as tall as Kareem abdul-jabbar I would love it!
 Yea, dude got the slam dunk banned for over 10 years when he played in college
 I read that! He is an amazing player. 
 Yeah, I heard that too, wow that's crazy but who doesn't love Nikes 
 haha, well I guess there's a few....
 ummm yes me too! It has been nice chatting! Hope you have a great New Year! 
 You  too bro
 No, it's funny when the MLB and NBA guys get monster contract to read what the football players say. They're jealous!
 I would much rather sign that contract Allen Iverson signed... 
 Nice chatting with you...
 Ahhh.. probably because the player wouldn't do it.  Best or not, it looks a bit on the silly side.  Doesn't have they coolness factor of the standard jump shot.  :)  
 I can't see some of those judges playing basketball.. not without breaking something...  lol!  Well, hey, this has been a good conversation!
 Hey there, I am actually a very big fan of the NBA. Do you have a favorite team? 
 It stood for the National Basketball League. Have you ever been to an NBA game? 
 I guess the design was not good at all. Nice chatting with you.
 It was very nice chatting with you too. I'm glad you are into fashion.
 I watch netflix all the time. What about you? Do you use netflix?
 Yep, and when netflix proposed the blockbuster that they should use netflix, netflix was laughed out of the office of blockbuster, I bet that they regret that now!
 I agree, I would take that offer even if it was just one million dollars!
 Yeah, it was nice chatting with you too!
 I like comedy mostly. It helps me to unwind.
 Game of Lions follows the lives of lions like Game of Throne characters. It is on Nat Geo.
 Well I guess that is a good way to meet woman
 Yea, It's funny that the band Reel Big Fish had to re-record all their his for a best of album
 Oh, not just a weekend gig. I wonder what the rules were. According to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of their music played be Canadian. Oh, Canada...
 Nice! In World War II, soldiers made crude radios out of razor blades and pencils.
 Yup. Now we listen to radio over the internet. In fact, there is a website that has thousands of episodes of old radio dramas. Some of them probably date back to WW2 I guess. 
 I wonder if any of it is in rap. Do they have guest hosts? I would love to hear Elmo rap in latin. Elmo is the only non human to testify before congress.
 Is there a stop at Sesame Street for them? You know, there is a fantasy congress game where people draft members of congress and points are made off of legislative success.
 Congress has played a baseball game every year, democrats vs republicans. That is their major accomplishment, but it explains why they will never build the wall. They need baseball talent from central america.
 this is true.  there are more libraries than McD's in the US.  
 Yeah, and over half of adults have library cards...but few read books. Nice chatting with you!
 Which just goes to show you that folks these days are looking for entertainment that allows them to possibly escape from their everyday reality.
 I actually do but it has been over a year since I have been to one so it probably needs updated. How about you?
 I think I do have one somewhere. It may need to be renewed. The Public Library in Sacramento has a library of things so you can check out other things like sewing machines.
 Thats cool I dont think any around me have that but it would be nice. 
 Yes. It would reduce waste and save money to be able to check out things like that temporarily.
 Yes what a great idea. It has been nice talking to ya.
 Nice talking to you.
 I love seven wonders. Because it's all are awesome.
 I think kim jong un was volleyball player.
 Kim jong un also a politician and soldier.
 I enjoy the National Basketball Association!
 I like the Los Angeles Lakers.
 I think Steve Kerr is right to ignore some of the comments coming from LaVar Ball.
 That is true.    Michael Jordan certainly does not care what others say.
 Michael Jordan reportedly ended Muggsy Bogues career with one line of trash talk.
 I wonder if Michael Jordan or Steve Kerr ever shot free throws granny-style?
 I wonder why?    I know it looks strange, but physicists have proven it is best!
 I think Reggie still had her beat from the three point line though!
 He is one of my favorite players of all time, I am a diehard Sixers fan.
 It was smart of his agent to set that up, he was not know for saving his money while he was playing!
 That is one thing Michael Jordan managed to avoid!      Air Jordan's have kept his nest egg going consistently.
 It's crazy that his clothing line made him enough money to be an NBA owner. It was fun talking basketball with you, have a great day!
 Have a good one, and remember that Jordan almost ditched Nike until an inexperienced designer created his dream shoe!
 Oh ok. I think the show is about robots coming to consciousness, sounds like my kind of stuff
 I've heard that was good. They're comparing the faceoff between the two antagonists to the duel between Walter White and Gus Fring in Breaking Bad. That's the best show ever. 
 Yeah and apparently when Family Guy first came on, the Simpsons crew gave the producers a gift.
 Go that yes
 I didn't know there were no snakes in New Zealand.  That sounds like the place to be. 
 Nothing, nothing snakes? Wow, that's good
 I know. But I think one of the craziest things is that the US military uses an Xbox controller to direct one of their robots. Anyways, have a great night. 
 LOL seriously? That's crazy
 Have a great one. 
 Same here , have a great one
 Yes. I like Ed Harris.
 Haha that is so fitting to the case for sure
 If I get the time, I will.  Good talking with you, enjoy the holidays.
 You too, glad to catch up with you!
 Bye.
 You and me both haha. I wouldn't want to work for them though. Their warehouse workers walk between 7-15 miles a day!
 products and services as well. I know I always just scroll to the bottom and sign or click ok haha.
 I like Bosch a lot. There based off of books that are pretty good. And I also like Man in the High Castle. Both are quality shows in my opinion.
 I'll have to look into those shows. Have a good one!
 Who released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992?
 Bye
 It was fun as a kid. A magic kingdom:)
 You can buy almost anything and get it shipped on Sunday by USPS!
 Yeah, made his own version. Best selling book of all time 
 For those actions they are good role models.  Free thinking and nonconformity are admirable.
 yeah, the bible has truly shaped our culture
 Yeah.  Well it was a nice chat.  Have a good day!4
 u 2
 Wow!  Not that I will make it up there, but I guess I can post a selfie if I do!  I could title it "was this as high as the Tower of Babel" for those in my bible study, lol.
 So many of those presidents were so well educated.  I wouldn't be surprised if they could read the Bible in Hebrew or even Greek!
 That's a safer translation. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Enjoy your Bible study!
 Yep I remember that. I also like how the United States post office has a special contract with Amazon because it allows them to deliver on Sundays
 Yep the piano is fun. And I don't think it's as hard as learning the guitar. Guitar definitely hurts your fingers when you play haha.
 I do, I really love Pink Floyd. What about you? I know that the Dark Side of the Moon album is still a best-selling album even today
 It basically looked like a daycare for cats only that served coffee and tea. It looked cute.
 I'm not sure what that means...  house cat is a house cat ;) he stays at home and licks himself ;)
 ...wow... not in my house... once I had a mouse and my cat just looked at it with boring sight... he didn't even move... lazy :)
 naah, it's sounds made up. My chocolate English lab is in the same color as my floor, but I've never actually tripped over him... I kicked him couple of times by accident, but nothing more ;)
 Of course ! I always say "sorry buddy, I didn't see You there" and I really think he understands :)
 Me too. He doesn't say sorry to me, though, when he tries to push me out of bed at night. My other little dog hugs my arm while I am sleeping. 
 lol, that's awesome ;) I have two Polish Tatra Sheepdogs and when they are on my bad there is no more room for me ! lol :)
 Our dogs lay between my spouse and I. They are our buffer zone. My husband used to wake up being mad at me, but now he can't be made because they are so sweetly laying there.
 lol :) my dogs actually get off the bed by themselves because they are getting to warm and they love the cold :) lucky me ! :)
 That's nice. One of our little dogs likes to lay under the blankets. Then, he wakes up in the middle of the night, all freaked out because he doesn't know where he is. I have to pick him up and hug him to calm him down. I think it's part of his plan! 
 It definitely is ! They are smarter than they seem ! ;) look out for that one ;)
 Yes, he is a smarty pants! I hope you have a great weekend! 
 Hi! Are you a fan of cats, by chance? I think it's hilarious that by the time a cat hits 15 years old, its spent nearly 10 years sleeping!
 You are right about that. Speaking of radios, I like to break out the old AM radio and listen to those Jupiter radio storms every now and again! It is truly fascinating!
 That's crazy! Like how would they even know if a song is Canadian or not! Oh well, there's actually a website that has thousands of classic radio dramas for no charge I enjoy listening to from time. I'll just stick to that rather than Canadian radio. Ha!
 I'd almost like to hear it but i don't want to be scared. Ha! But the human body is so fascinating. Like, we can regrow ribs that are as equally strong after 2 or 3 months after the original rib being surgically shortened!
 I do enjoy visiting. Enjoy some good radio and if you are so inclined watch a cat sleep. LOL.
 Yeah, it's the reward center in the brain -- gets that dopamine running, just like when pigeons keep clicking the lever to get more food pellets.
 Yeah, because of Zuckerberg's red-green colorblindness. It's funny because everybody else is going to a blue color scheme too to look more like Facebook.
 Oh I see, I did not know that. Super nice chatting with you
 I sure am happy there is a backup of the internet considering how vital it is to daily life
 Good morning to you!
 yup! Everything is college based pretty much. I learned all that from the movie the Social Network. great film. they didnt mention why facebook was all blue
 I do as much as I can. I enjoy the endless range of information it provides as well as the apps, file sharing and email services. What about you?
 I agree! The foo fighters once played a concert so loud it showed up on New Zealand's seismic monitors!  I think I may need ear plugs for that concert!
 That is a lot, but I know it is about 330k times the mass of the Earth.
 No matter where you are, Spring is a beautiful time of year!
 Yes it is.  Are you an animal fan?  Did you know that horses, as well as sharks and orangutans are ticklish?
 I sure didn't know that!!!  I thought only humans were ticklish.  I do love animals. I love seeing them in the wild.  
 Hot plasma!  I can't imagine!  I like it here on Earth where we can enjoy the seasons, flowers blooming,  and the good effects of the sun!
 Yeah, like Pink Floyd did. Not sure what that was about though. Nice chat :)
 hahhaa true. nice chat
 That would be tiring! Almost as tired as making clothes would be! Well it was nice talking with you please have a wonderful day!
 I like it because my out of state family uses Facebook so I go on a couple times a week to chat with them. I have snapchat too.
 I want to travel and visit a few countries. I love the snapchat filters! Pretty fun, I wish Facebook had that option. 
 I really don't know much about the Philippines, but since 80 percent of the earths natural forsts have already been destroyed I want to vist other countries before their beauty is gone completely. Where in the Philippines would you suggest?
 I love Arizona, one of my favorite places on earth, I love the desert, going hiking at night you can see all the stars and planets so clearly....I love looking at the moon.
 Well, depends on where you are, yes a lot of nature for sure and some scary critters running around lol....you have to wear a lot of cool protective clothing though, the sun burns.
 I think Facebook is one of the best of social media. What do you think about it?
 That's true. But social media can help people in any city.
 Yes, But it is a sad thing for children to come to such social media.
 For me social media is good and bad.
 Yes, it is true. What is your view of the earth?
 For me the earth is like a magic.
 It's interesting, Jupiter's gravity slings long-period comets out of harm's way, while nudging some asteroids closer to Earth.
 If there is no earth, it would be very rare for us to live.
 Yes, Which type clothes do you like?
 Clothes are now very fashionable.
 Of course this is terrible.
 Same here, have a good one
 I missed them this year.  Aren't they also called the Oscars?
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  Walt Disney holds the record for most oscars won by a man with 22!
 That's surprising!  On a different note....McDonald's didn't have drive thrus until 1975 when they added them to accommodate soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 Interesting!  The car brand Cadillac was named after the man who founded Detroit - Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac.
 That would come in handy for sure.  I would use it to also clear snow.  lol
 Wow!  The diameter of the sun is 109 times than that of Earth.
 Crazy when you think of it.  Because of atmopsheric scattering the sun is actually white and not yellow.  Interesting!
 That's pretty incredible!  On July 11, 2011 Neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since it was discovered in 1846.  I never know that.
 Wow.  That's a good chunk!  I believe the sun is made up of hot plasma.
 It's also the most important source of energy for life on Earth!  lol
 Hi, do you like music?
 I love bass and guitar, specially in rock music
 I heard that!! I love the guitar performance on that song
 Yes, he is the lead singer and guitar player of Muse, a great British band!
 I think guitar players have the most crazy and at the same time creative ideas like the guitar player from Pink Floyd! Do you know what he did?
 He used a boat as a recording studio!!
 He is such a great guitar player!  and he is very creative and he uses coins instead of picks
 I do, today they  are very common, everyone has a personal computer or a smartphone!
 1 mb only!! that is crazy, do you know what the russians did?
 They did a computer that runs on water.
 That is so interesting!! Well it was so nice talking to you
 What white?! No I had no idea. How did I mange to go through life not knowing or hearing about that yet. What else am I missing out on?
 Yeah, some awesome vitamin D. I was getting some sun driving my convertible through McDonalds drive through today. I am a huge car enthusiast. Do you enjoy cars and their history?
 That is cool and a good piece of history to find out about. I love learning about cars and the history of them. I started playing the video game Grand Turismo lately, have you ever played that game?
 Wow, 90k people! That is a good way to start a new career! I am watching a Daniel Day Lewis movie right now rather than playing a video game. Its easier to multi task. 
 ya I only have a cell phone, phones are so nice how they can transfer human voice across vast distances
 Ya, that dates back to the rotary phone, I wish I still had a rotary phone those are cool!
 yup their thing is for every day you don't use your cellphone they will donate a day of clean water
 ya I have played it, you drop blocks and you can definitely make a computer out of the blocks!
 I am for em! What do you think about them?
 Sorry to take that to a morbid place but I couldn't imagine living like that. I mean where would one play 54 colors of nintendo?
 1886 is thought of as the birth year of the modern car.
 I like Cadillacs which were named after French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who founded Detroit. It's about time for a drive now, goodbye!
 Yeah, great chat! Have a good night!
 Hello, yes I am a big TV fan. I love the Simpsons, I agree with you Bart is the best, it would be like taking Homer out, I wonder why they did that for the episode.
 I did not know that, nice fact I will save that one the next time im out with friends. I was watching this Saturday Night Life interview with Jason Momoa, I loved his role as Khal Drogo.
 That is interesting!  I also heard Snow and Ghost are new popular dog names because Game of Thrones lol 
 Hello. Do you like game of thrones? I love it.
 Did you know charlie chaplins granddaughter plays talisa maegr on the show?
 I heard that Ireland finances the game of thrones because scenes get shot there which boosts tourism incomes.
 Im not to sure. I just know how many oscars he has won. Blazing saddles was nominated for 3 oscars. I wonder if he was in that.
 It is worth a watch if you like that sort of movie. Eminem has more oscars than leonardo dicaprio, will smith, johnny depp, and bill murray combined. Lol.
 I think it was. I dont think he was in any other movies was he?
 Yeah they made over 50 a year for 10 years. That's a lot. Over 750 episodes in all. 
 My son loves thomas the tank did you know that alec baldwin ringo starr and george carlin have all voiced the character for at least 52 episodes?
 I love the simpsons.  I also loved that 70s show.
 I think I remember that episode. I better be getting off here. It was a nice chat though. Have a good one.
 Hi I do like the Universe since I am a part of it.  lol  You must be talking about the sun?
 I never knew that.  I do know that a lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun!
 Wow.  It also produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years.  Makes me feel like a tiny ant in the big picture of the universe. lol
 I do like reading!  I still like to hold a book in my hand and flip the pages.  The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones.  She read 4,700 words per minute.  That translates to a lot of books!
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.  I never read that book.  Wonder if it's like the movie?
 Yeah good question. Ender's game is also a recommended read by the military. Looks like I have 2 books to read now!
 He was so athletic I can see it.  Babies will dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat.  I love it when they do that.  Puts a smile on my face.
 Oh wow.  I can't picture that.  lol   Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week!
 Hmmm....I'm not sure.  Good quesion.  Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that allowed him to achieve the extreme lean he used in some of his dance moves.
 I watched that, it was very entertaining.
 people love him so yeah. nice chatting with you
 I'm doing good, thanks for asking.  I use Facebook, mainly to keep connected with family and friends.
 Again, I'm ashamed to admit it, but yes I did participate.  Lol
 I think the thought was do you like the Whopper so much that you would unfriend some of your friends. It was fun and lots of people I knew did it. 
 Ok, have a good day! 
 Good bye, friend.
 Hi, how are you?
 They both were English writers of fantasy and were alive at the same time.  They may have bounced ideas off each other! Well, it's been nice talking to you.  I hope you have a good day!
 hi, i love tv
 I like NCIS and Supernatural
 They are usually on CBS and WB
 Simpsons and south park are great shows! You have good taste
 I watch a lot of videos on Youtube actually and music too
 Good choice, i like listening to Enya
 hahaha What other type of tv shows do you like?
 What do you think about the Holloway murder documentary? Now the mother of the missing holloway is suing the show
 Well, the mother is suing because of misleading her and trying to pursaid of what exactly happened to her when in fact they don't.
 That's true! Producers always seem to want to do it their own way.
 Thanks! It was grewat chatting with you too! Good night
 Bye
 I did not know that they sent flowers i did watch the episode hilarious as usual
 I did not know that either i like learning facts about things it is interesting
 Yeah me too but hey if there are less children then thee r more room for pets.I wonder what kind of pets they have over there any thing unusual or just dogs and cats
 awe thats really awesome animals make peoples day a little better i know they make me smile.
 LOL thats cute.I also did not know that harrison smhmitt was the only scientist to walk on moon i didnt know that
 absolutley!Harvard scientists stored a gif animation of a horse galloping in the dna of bacteria!that amazes me the things they can do
 LOL i had no idea that was possible but apparently it is
 Occasionally. But all that is ever on is Pokemon!
 Right?  I thought Shakespeare was prolific... One show we don't have to worry will be clogging the airwaves is the UK version of That 70s Show!
 Shame though... I thought it might rival Thomas the Tank Engine. That show had three different narrators over the years. Can you name them?
 Yes, two are my favorites, Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin, that's a lot of episodes too!
 Simpsons sure cranked out a ton of episode too!  And, surprisingly, there is only one episode where Bart is neither mentioned or shown. I would love to see his contract!
 That Homer sure is a doof!  But we love watching him screw up don't we?
 Ha, ha, ha, A doof, I love that!! very funny!! Yes we do....
 One dude that is not a doof is the emperor of Japan. He is a scientist and still publishes papers!  Why can't more world leaders be scientists?
 In an age where scientists can engineer an animate GIF of a galloping  horse into the DNA of a microbe, it seems the stars are not too far aways anymore, and Musk wants to take us there...
 I have not had the pleasure of a ride...yet.   Is it legal to own one in Boulder, CO?  It is not legal to own pets there...
 That's right you may be their guardian. Better to be responsible than to own. I like that idea!! Love my pets!!
 My pets own me. They allow me to feed them, play with them, etc. But if I do not keep up my duties, they make me pay for it!  I don' know how Teddy Roosevelt could mange 20 pets!
 In Japan, there are more pets than children...  And they have a genius as an Emperor... they must know something we don't!
 Well, at least we have more pet tigers in the US than are wild in Asia. Nice chatting1
 It would be cool, I know a lot of celebrities have recently done some comic book work like Kevin Smith. 
 Yes he is a big time comic book fan. He even has a show about them on AMC called Comic Book Men.
 I do, he has some interesting songs. It was fun talking music with you!
 Hello! I am doing well, how are you?
 I have, I love crepes. There's a great restaurant in St. Petersburg, Florida called the Wooden Rooster that makes fantastic crepes and desserts.
 No, that's incredible! You seem like a very interesting person, thanks for all the information today.
 Thanks you too!
 I wish that, too!! I didn't either. But there are a lot of Japanese kids in the little league World Series, I think. 
 Seriously! I prefer to read than watch sports. There is a lady that can read 4700 words per minute!
 I'm sure there were moral panics about lots of things back then!
 That's pretty cool. Thanks for chatting, I learned a lot! 
 Hi there, hope you are having a good day! Are you taking this survey on your phone? I'm not, but I really can't imagine not having a smart phone!
 I could not live without my phone! I lave to listen to rap music (which is a musical form combining rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street ventricular).
 I guess all kids imagine doing something they loved in childhood. He did love Spider man!. I guess it's really gotten into the main stream culture when the judge from Michigan gave her ruling in rap. Of course, it was in a trail concerning eminem.
 I would think so! I just learned that Busta Rhymes voiced Reptar in the 1998 Rugrats movie.
 Yes, that was a really nice gesture! I"m sure it made their day. Seems he has a good sense of humor because he did spoof himself on Saturday Night Live.
 Yes, I'm sure of that! Nice chatting today!
 I do. Do you have one?
 It is the fastest number to dial! Plus I love making fun of New Yorkers!
 I have not. Have you? I would think I could do it but that may be my hubris talking.
 I'm doing good and you?
 It was great talking to you! 
 I watch it all the time. Do you?
 I used to but not any more. I love your tradition of waving to the chidlren's hospital. So touching.
 Nice. I have two kids and that type of thing wouldn't have done anything for me but now, I get choked up all the time.
 zzzz.... Baseball needs to do something to make it more fun. I took my son and he would have rather watched youtube on my phone the whole time. He became annoying around the 2nd inning so he watched youtube...
 you too. Have a great day.
 Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. This is funny since some of the managers are in their 70's. I'd pay to see that game.
 That is strange since they often come here and play american teams
 me either. It is crazy the difference in salaries between baseball players and softball players. As of 2014, the average salary for a professional softball player is between $5,000 and $6,000.
 haha. "would you like fries with that" is starting to sound like a lucrative phrase
 That is a crazy long time and a lot of expensive, poorly tasting beer, just to watch that
 I wonder if Jack Daniels and Jim Beam played on that team? And what is/are "schlitz"?
 Dont you find it a little scary that an  iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 all it takes is one crab with violent tendencies to ruin the internet for all of us. lol
 I think it is awesome that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. I sometimes wish I could pay someone to not have to use my cell phone. It never stops at work. 
 I remember rotary phones. You would hate to dial anyone with multiple zeros in their number.
 I have never tried this but after reading that it is  impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together, i really want to test it out
 No, not really.  Softball is mainly for the womenfolk, I think.
 Exactly, well it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.  I'll talk to you later, I need to go wash my car.
 Hi, how are you?
 Talking about fees did you know Michael Jodan paid a fine everytime he wore certain shoes?
 It worked because Nike now has a Jordan brand, no longer considered Nike... just jordan. So iconic!
 His own brand. And he did what he wanted. Even he was an actor. Remember space jam? Now warner bros. has made a deal with Le Bron james for a sequel, so he will be an actor too!
 He has been really successful. I remember when he was in Miami Heat, my favorite team back from 2010 to 2014. I really loved he was there.
 I did too. I remember when those three did their pep rally when they signed. That was fun and funny to me.
 Did you know he once rejected $10 million offer coming from Reebok?
 He got a ton more from Nike! Lifetime contract worth $1B!
 He certainly  had vision! and he was only 18 years old!
 i like reebok, but like you said, is not as strong as Nike or Adidas
 But reebok did not have the vision. Today he is the highest paid celebrity!
 Yeah! Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, he's legend!  I like all the charity work that he does.  He once raised 6 million dollars by televising The Decision.  He's also done a lot of work for inner city kids!  A good player and a good man...
 Probably pictures of all the celebrities that have ever visited!  They've got a big celebrity chef in Ethiopia, he's trying to combat hunger by encouraging diverse food eating. I bet he's nice
 I love her and hate her at the same time. If I'm ever home on a weekday, I watch her from 4-5PM lol
 It was nice talking with you :)
 Me too! I am sad about the turmoil they have gone through though...
 I'm very excited. it's said to be one of the best years in over 10 years!
 Yeah. did you see yesterday's game against the nets? If you believe in good loses, that's a good loss
 Space Jam is coming back! Warner bros and lebron james have signed a new deal for a "space jam" sequel.
 he is an amazing player.  truly a legend in the making!
 Did you know Judge judy makes $123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james.
 Until he reaches age 55 to where he would then receive a final lump sum payment of $32,000,000!!!!!! WOW what a deal!
 Shaq once said that he would never do it because of his "constituency". Rick Berry did it!
 i would so do it haha! i did not know Lebron james raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the desision! what a good man!
 Yeah, it was too bad he got eviscerated for it. They forgot about the Connecticut Boys and Girls club that got that money. Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba.
 impressive! thanks for the nice chat. have a blessed day :-)
 It is an interesting fact! I love softball and it was invented way back in 1887, long time ago. I also like baseball! 
 True! Also the first sporting event ever shown on ESPN was a slow pitch softball game, so many must love the game.
 I didn't know that it was the first game to be shown on ESPN. I played the game as a little girl, and I liked it. I can understand why people like it.
 I have loved it too as far back as I can remember. I played on a league a few years back and it was so fun. The name softball was given to the sport in 1926 because the ball was actually soft, it feels pretty hard when you get hit with it haha
 Yes, they are softer than a baseball but still painful! Did you know the longest softball game lasted 31 innings? That's crazy. Would have loved to see that game!
 Oh wow, if there was no night light that would be insane! 
 Exactly! That would be a bit frightening! So technology has come so far that cell phones are huge in so many ways, too bad we didn't have the ability long ago to record some of these games.
 I know. It would have been so amazing to watch some of the early greats playing baseball. Still, I enjoyed not having phones when I was watching the games as I kid. I felt like I was more part of the game back then. Now, it seems like phones can be a distraction to spectators. 
 I agree, there are pro's and con's of these new phones. I am very happy to have grown up without computers or cell phones, we used our imaginations! We were outside mostly. But I am happy to have cell phones now but I am not addicted to them like many are.
 I can't say I grew up without computers. We were using Apples in the classroom since I was in elementary school. If we did well on our assignments, we got to play "Oregon Trail." I liked that game. I wish there was a modern day version.
 I am old lol....I didn't use a computer until later in life. We had typing class and if we wanted information you had to go to the library and look it up. Lots of work! I love Google now, the internet is amazing. All of my kids grew up using computers.
 We had to use the card catalog, too. I think the "internet" and electronic searching came out when I was in college.We had a system in our library known as "ERIC." That database system still exists.
 Oh that's interesting. I think it's also interesting that an iphone has more computing power than the US nuclear icbm.
 That's what I thought too. So many advances in technology I can't keep up! It was great chatting with you! Have a great day!
 You, too! Happy New Year! 
 A little bit about Iphones. I know they have a crazy amount of computing power!
 That's very awesome they do that. Good for them. 
 he made $700,000 per episode of House which is insane, can you imagine making almost a million dollars an episode, why would you ever stop working haha
 I dont' know, I tried to watch that movie and it was almost so bad it was good, it made me laugh at the badness, so in a way it was a comedy to me haha
 Yeah, that's what I was reading. I find it hard to believe but the internet does not lie. For instance, it says the sun is plasma but I thought it was gas. Internet wins again!
 That's a long time! I am sure we will ruin the planet much before that.
 I think if solar power came down in price, more people could gain from it.
 It's a cartoon and they did an episode about pluto being reclassified as not a planet. It's really childish and I love it. 
 Yeah he must be up there for sure. Some don't do it for the money. Michael Caine did it for the girls!
 Yeah. Especially if she was able to get a part on The Office, a very successful tv show.  Have a good day.
 I admire Jeff Bezos so much, he has built one of the greatest businesses of our time because its so diversified, from selling video streaming services to audiobooks, electronics, apparel, toys, food and so much more!
 I thank Jeff Bezos too!  I don't know what I would do with out my kindle.  I really love how Amazon created the font called "bookerly" it is designed to be easy to read on kindles.  
 I think I am able to read faster with this font.  I don't know why though.  I love how Amazon holds a patent on 1-click buying.  I know I use this button all the time.  It's a bit addicting to use it.  
 I think it's so cool how many interesting facts Amazon has.  Did you know that Amazon's logo means that they have everything from A to Z.  I had no clue to me it always seemed like a smiley face.  
 That's pretty neat, I do smile when I think about all the benefits Amazon has provided me. Do you watch any Amazon Prime videos? Amazon's "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" is really popular, but I haven't seen it.
 I haven't seen it, but I know that it won many awards.  I believe it won five trophies during the Emmys.  They won best comedy series.  It is on my to watch list.  
 I love the Hangover.  One of my favorite movie as is Evan Almighty.  Did you know that it was the most expensive comedy ever made.  It had a budget of 200 million dollars.  
 I respect Jim Carrey for his decision.  I've always wondered why I've never see Jim Carrey on Comedy Central.  Could it be because Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since its started in 1989.  
 Yes! Or how about Graham Chapman of Monty Python giving up being a doctor in order to concentrate on comedy.  I guess comedy wins out; it's less stressful.  
 A good laugh cures all especially those films that are designed to make the audience laugh through amusement by exaggerating characteristics for humorous effect
 On the other hand, I love dramas as well.  Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and his students was Ellie Kemper, Erin from the Office!
 Especially for students who actually want to learn something! I think Gordon Ramsey is also a great mentor and teacher to many people.
 That would be a great pun!
 For sure!  Well it was nice chatting with you.  
 Good morning! Did you watch the Emmy's?
 No, I didn't. I'm not really in to awards shows. But a lot of people are. Did you watch?
 Yes! We use it all the time. It's a game changer. We do our part to make it the largest internet retailer in the world. It's hard to remember that it started by only selling books.
 Yep, we have a bunch of their devises too. We are on our second Kindles,and our kids have the Echo too. I hear they have a publishing and a film and TV studio too.
 That's weird! I wonder what made him do that? I heard that Best Buy and Target will both match Amazon's prices. I guess they have to do that to compete. 
 I don't know the web address. We keep meaning to look at it but haven't yet. It's on the to-do list. Yes, their workers really get their exercise! It's because of all those 1-click orders that Amazon got a patent on. 
 Yes, he seems to love that and think it's the best! I never saw it. My husband loves the Monty Python series. It's his kind of comedy but not really mine. Do you like those?
 I don't! I loved third rock from the sun though. How bout you?
 Yes, we did watch that but we usually like Fraiser and Sienfield a little more. I guess comedy has been around since the very first silent movies! 
 We can safely harvest the energy that the sun generously provides it at no costs. Selflessness personified in a heavenly body.
 A minivan if you call that a real car.. How about you? What might make my ride a bit more exciting would be a pair of flamethrowers like the kind that are legal in south africa!
 One thing about a minivan: the entire vehicle becomes the trunk of the car! There is no separation between front and back. Nt like the olden days, when the trunk of the car was a real wooden trunk riding on the back of the car!
 The other problem with having an overly-roomy interior: There is more room to hide empty bags and burger wrappers from the McDonalds drive through!  You know, the drive through was invented by McDs to accommodate soldiers in fatigues..so they did not have to exit their vehicles.
 Bizarre! If I play he role of a millionaire in the board game, Life, will I get to be one in real life too?  If I do, I'm buying a Cadillac Escalade! 
 Not really, but I pretend to be one. Does that count? That might be my super power! You know, there is a website that ranks finctional characters by their super powers. I wonder where I would rank?
 Call me Captain Oblivious because I notice absolutely nothing! I did not even notice that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest example of a cyborg!  How can anyone miss that?
 Well, good this he was not around during the time of Julius Caesar, who wrote fan fiction of Hercules for fun. Martin would have been thrown to the lions for criticizing Caesar!
 That judge should be locked up and forced to watch 1000 times the SciFi flick, Black Panther!
 Yeah. Although the sun, white appears yellow, is actually white. So, who knows what color the Black Panther is really!
 Only if you are hit by it! Whereas tour little sun is hot even from far away! Although our sun is one 1 one billionth the size of the biggest sun in the galaxy. I wonder how hot that puppy gets?
 Same here, have a good one.
 i am proud that people are taking a stand and sticking up for the people that our being attacked with racism!
 The more people that hear about things, the more it will reach the ones that can be changed, like the ones who saw that ad and dropped their support for it. I'm grateful for the internet in that case.
 When political leaders push back against campaign tactics that play on voters' racial, ethnic and religious prejudices, the backlash can outweigh all gainings! So I see more positive then negitive in the long run!
 I did know that. I'm not sure why it's called a hamburger menu though. Did you know 7% of people real the full terms and conditions of products or services online.
 That's funny. I did not know that. Did you know rapper Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist growing up?
 That's good to know. He was a good rapper. Eminem's favorite super hero was spider-man. 
 That's funny. Rap consists of flow, content, and delivery. 
 I do!  Did you know that there is only 1 episode where Bart neither appears or is mentioned?
 I think so...either him or Homer.  lol  Did you ever watch "that 70s show"?
 Yes.  They redid it in the UK and called it "Days like These" but it was cancelled after 1o episodes.
 I've seen it while it was on in the house.  Our family loves Pokemon. lol
 We only have an outside cat right now.  Used to have 2 indoor ones years ago.  There are cat cafes in Japan and Taiwan!  People pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks. lol
 lol Right?  The cat in the Godfather 1 opening scene was a stray cat that was found on the set.  Interesting!
 I haven't heard about that.  Where is that at? lol
 That's awesome.  I had a cat named Stubbs when I was in high school.  He was born with a little nub for a tail and that's why we named him Stubbs.  lol  I've had fun chatting with you!
 That is awesome! lol  Hope you have a great day!
 It must be, the internet has changed our lives and will continue to do so, I'm just glad to live in technologic era. 
 They must have friends in furry places.  They probably watch TV together.  Like Family Guy on a huge flat screen.
 LOL!  Love me some TV, and especially love me some Simpsons
 yeah that's crazy!  Their humor is a lot different than ours i guess!
 I wonder if they like South Park?
 This is true and since the internet has been invented in 1989, politicians are continuing to look stupid!
 yeah... now news travels faster than ever!!!
 yes same here
 You too, hopefully the weather starts warming up!
 There's enough world population. Hardly anyone's friend list is just people they know anymore! Trim the fat LOL! 
 Good chat! Look up and see if that whopper deal is legit LOL! FREE FOOD!
 You too!
 More real than facebook friends!
 Only Michael Jackson can really moon walk. It has been a nice chat...
 Those were good ones. I feel like Seinfeld holds up well but Friends, not so much... Did you watch the office?
 I love that show too! It was so well written. So funny. I can lose a whole day watching that show.
 Is the reboot as good as the original? I really liked the original but havent seen the reboot.
 They just picked up Brooklyn 99 so that's a new comedy they got! What other ones?
 I will have to check it out. I had not heard of it. Do you watch shows like the voice?
 I like them also. I Love You Man is another example that I really enjoyed. 
 I did. I enjoyed it. 
 I just learned that recently. I love that it's named after that and I don't know how I never guessed that or put it together. 
 Well honestly it couldn't have made it any worse. I'm glad that Ryan Reynolds did get to do a properly good superhero movie with Deadpool later after that. 
 Never did. My favorite comedy was Brazil, which was made by Terry Gilliam of Monty Python. 
 Yeah, he's one of my favorites. He likes to walk up to strangers' tables in restaurants, grab food off their plates and whisper "No one will ever believe you."
 I haven't, but on his recommendation I really should! I saw a video of him interrupting a TV weatherman and doing his own impromptu "forecast," and it was hilarious.
 I think it was back in the 90s. I should try to Google it myself.
 Hello, how are you today? What types of movies do you like to watch? Do you like comedies at all?
 That's why I love comedies because since they are shorter they are easier to get into. You should try Brooklyn nine nine, great show and really funny. Have you ever seen the hangover movies?
 Yeah. I did like the Hangover movies. They were real funny. I will try Brooklyn nine nine. I have heard it's a pretty funny show. I do like American Housewife right now. It's on ABC and it's a pretty good show.
 I love American Housewife! I was a fan of Katy Mixon from Mike and Molly and am glad she has her own show now. Brooklyn nine nine is a show you really should give a try.
 Okay. i definitely will look for it. Well I have to head out here. It was a pleasure chatting with you.
 Yep.  We cut our cable, but my wife still wanted to watch certain shows so we got Netflix.  Way cheaper than our cable bill was.
 More than Prime members!  I like that they have such a broad selection of shows, and you can watch them when you want.  Stuff you'd never see on cable.
 Very true! Thanks for chatting and have a great day!
 I know.  IMBD, which I use all the time, has been owned by Amazon since 1998.
 I do! do you?
 Yeah. the dutch are creating a bus to go 160 mph. I would not take it. I would get sick!
 I did. I also used something before that. It had western doors... There were sinners behind those doors!
 Too bad Blockbuster did not buy Netflix when they could. Nice chat :)
 yeah I know. nice chat
 Haha they should make a movie about that. The Bruce Lee cha cha championship of 1958, but yeah martial arts really is just a bunch of dance moves if you think about it
 I don't be so hard on yourself. I'm a horrible Dancer too! What makes me happy is that Michael Jackson patented is extremely in dance move. It was like a device he made. That was definitely his move
 Well I dated a ballet dancer in the past actually. She didn't go through four pairs but she did go through pairs of shoes a lot. Also her toes were always messed up
 I think that poetry contest would a lot of fun to participate in
 I agree. I'm going to go read some now. Nice chatting with you!
 Hi there! How are you today? What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to read.
 Oh, that is surprising to hear! I know there has not been a President who was not a Republican or a Democrat since 1853.
 I didn't know that! Very cool! I heard that Tupac was in ballet dance in high school, but that sounds too funny to be true!
 Yeah, Bruce won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha Championship in 1958. I heard Tupac did take ballet in HS.
 I guess it was for a Nutcracker production and his dance part was the mouse kind. That must be a very popular family holiday video in his family!
 I would have liked to see that performance, that's for sure!
 I have still never seen that movie. I need to though. Did you know Michael Jackson has a patent device?
 I think I would, they sound cool. Besides I don't think there's any other way I would be able to achieve an extreme lean like he could with it.
 I was always better at reading than I was at dance despite taking lessons as a kid. I'm going to go read this book by Michener now, ttyl!
 Okay. Good chatting with you.
 Lol then aren't you glad there is a copy of the internet just in case it burns down.
 Hello,  how are you?  The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 I wonder if responses also can show up as adddiction.
 That seems like another useless thing.   Not sure how the "internet archive at the Alexandria library" works given the constant changes.
 Well,  people need to take selfies and post it when they actually achieve getting to the peak of Everest lol 
 I wonder how much of Google's traffic is search and how much is other stuff.
 I would find the lack of internet in some places a peacefulness I would look forward too at times.
 Agreed! Nice chatting with you!
 Alexandria has the internet save in case something happens. They could probably throw away 50% of it and no one would notice.
 Nice. My Instas will be able to post. As long as Google doesn't go down, I should be good.
 Yeah. That seems like a waste. Google used goats to mow their lawn so they are helping the environment.
 That would make sense but so many people would be angry!
 I would question NASA if I were an astonaut. At least if there were a border dispute, Google could apease both countries...
 Whew! I was worried we hadn't addressed that possibility!
 That would have been a great game of ghosts in the graveyard!
 Nice chatting with you!
 That is funny, I had older siblings who liked it so I got to stay up to watch it. 
 That is awesome, that is a little bit ahead of my time, but I have seen them both. 
 Long gone days. One more recent show my wife and I liked is Raising Hope. It was kind of a silly show.
 Yeah I have seen some of that one, it is pretty good. 
 yeah. I watched the TV series though. 
 wow. it seems longer. Martin Luther King was involved. 
 they invented the flip phone i think. 
 I like the doors on the shops too..though the design didn't catch on as much.
 Crazy. There are so many reruns that it feels like the show ran forever.
 yeah...better stick to Thomas the Tank Engine...only 52 of those
 I thought I heard Donald Trump. But I certainly did not hear any dirty words.
 Yeah..if not there is always the 70's show...as long as we are not in the UK.
 I actually love the album Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park! In fact, it is the best selling album of the 21st century and I can see why because it's so amazing! What about you?
 Hi, how are you?
 I have a 12 year old yellow lab and a 10 year old yorkie/poodle mix.  I love them both, dearly!
 Funny story and kind of sad too , I think my poor, old cat got Alzheimer's.  She normally would come and knock on the door at breakfast and dinner to be fed.  Well, towards the end of her life she got really fat from everyone feeding her, because she was always knocking on the door, like she forgot that she had already eaten? lol
 Great chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy the rest of your afternoon, friend!
 Yes, Jude Law is in there as well, I can't remember the last time I saw him in a film, it was a while back! I am a bit excited to hear the music that Sia has written, I am also a big fan of Sia's. 
 Haha, probably more! Celebrity status is associated with fame and public attention and I admire those celebrities who use it as a platform to do good for the world.
 Yes it is. There's a little boy in the movie called Danny, and I was happy to learn that while he was acting in the movie he never knew that he was making a horror movie haha he would be scarred for life
 I like that name! I also like how dogs are man's best friend, and I never knew that they actually have twelve different blood types
 Yes and I also have dog blood drives! I hope they give out treats afterwards!
 yes sir me too :) fiddler is some guy on the roof and violin player is a classy lady playing on the stage :)
 Wow... I didn't know that either... but You know what :) to me it's always be associated with MJ :)
 The chick from Games Of Thrones ? I would love her as a robot... I would love her as... anything basically ;)
 Naah, I only saw it move it's head to heavy metal music ;) looked cool !
 Lol :) somebody should train their parrot to do that ;) and then - upload it to Facebook ;) lol
 That's one of those things I would have to see to believe in :) sorry ;)
 Me to my friend ;) hey, it was really nice to chat with You !
 Same here!!! Enjoy the rest of your day!! 
 Bye bye :)
 That is mind blowing. Nice chatting with you
 That is a lot of walking to make sure our orders are all handled! I did not realize that the US Postal Service delivers on Sundays for Amazon too.
 I agree that is funny; it was probably hard not to laugh judging from the title! 
 Thank you as well!
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah, I guess nowadays it is becoming important too. Did you know that UNICEF donates clean water to children when you do not us ethe cell phone?
 I am not very sure of that. Apparently since we are talking about phone New York's code is 212 because was the easiest to dial in a rotary phone.
 Yeah. They were thick too! I just got one and it was like 1/2 an inch thick. It went right into the garbage...
 I like trumpet. I used to play because of my love of jazz.
 Oh how nice. Good for you. Einstein once said that great scientists are artists as well. he used to play violin and piano.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Exactly! Good thing they didn't have those back then. Maybe libraries aren't the answers, an elementary school once replaced desks with "reading bicycles" and test scores were amazing.
 They certainly are committed to the user experience, even their name is meant to imply they have everything from "A" to "Z".
 Yes it is.  I can't help but wonder just how sound is converted into electronic signals.
 I have no idea! It's just so incredible to think about!  Speaking of the ocean and water, did you know that UNICEF will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute not on your cell phone?
 Yea probably. Well, it was good chatting with you. 
 Hello, yes I do! I'm a House fan, and can see why Hugh Laurie made 700K for each episode.
 Was he one of the Hawaiian Kings?
 Yeah that is pretty cool. And funny how they were initially called cathode ray tube amusement devices.
 that's true, I have been there but I want some animatronic animals! maybe even a mascot that walks around and hands out free drinks, now that would take Dave and Buster's to the next level!
 Likewise -- take care!
 hi! I'm well. How about yourself?
 I read an article saying that astronauts were able to vote from space.  I wonder how they did that.
 No.  I thought it was yellow.  Please tell me about it.
 I do! I have an iphone, it's pretty cool that my phone has a higher computing power than the whole nuclear icbm deterrent.
 no! I actually live in NY and i've always wanted a 212 number, it's funny trhat it's because on old phones it was the fasteest to dial. 
 seems so tempting for a shark! Speaking of water, its pretty great that unicef will donate a day of clean water toa  child for every minute that you don't use your phone
 No, I cast my vote only but i watched candidates canvassing.
 It's good you vote.  Part of getting out and canvassing is making sure people are registered to vote.  I've spoken with not yet registered 18 year olds and helped them navigate the process!
 The candidates express their own political party policy and make the people to cast their vote. Candidates first want to know the rule of the election.
 Astronauts vote from space. Do you know ?
 The biggest misunderstanding about canvassing is that it's about changing people's minds. It's about expressing the policy of the political party.
 Now days, parties use social media to canvas voters. Sometimes, they use phones and text messages.
 Telecommunication is very important- it makes us easily accessible.
 Sure, many of them use social media. They play a major role in deciding who wins.
 They do.  It's efficient, quick, universal, and has the most effect.  But there is no replacing human interaction.
 The earth is also a planet. Moon is the statellite of earth.
 Yes we are.  And the sun is at the center of our solar system.  Like a beacon.
 Lovely to talk to you, but I fear I must be going now.
 I bet it takes a ton of storage. It was good chatting with you. Take care and have a good day!
 Yes,indeed i love to watch PewDiePie.T-Series will overtake PewDiePie as YouTubes most-subscribed channel  a spot hes held since 2013.
 Yes, Because I am not a fan of Justin Bieber
 idc,police song is probably bad.
 haha I do know that, maybe that is the video that is plastered all over blutube haha
 I use internet EVERY SINGLE DAY.I'm obbssed with it.
 haha me too, I guess there is an addiction for link clicking that is a real thing, I think I hve that!
 That's awesome. It was good talking with you!
 I do. Do you watch youtube?
 On youtube, a lot of Ray Lamontagne, gas light anthem, and a few others. I am usually on Spotify though.
 I think the founders could retire nicely on that. Geez...
 That's good for the viewer! The first video was about a dude talking about an elephant. Seems a little dull.
 They are owned by google so that makes a little sense.
 no. I do know that fire has had one for a long time! they use it to teach across the world. Our mistakes are your learning opportunities.
 A delicious three line button? Nice chatting with you! It's been fun!
 I do like the radio. There's even a chance to listen to the sun's music as a radio station translates the solar activity into sound.
 I think that is a fair rule since it supports their artists. 
 He was part of the Fantastic Four radio show and he was the voice of the human torch.
 I do everyday still. Well, it was a pleasure talking to you. Have a good day. 
 I am glad he has no chance of escaping from justice.
 It is so inspiring when people stand up for themselves.  I think they the people that do stand up are great role models.
 House and the Senate. Do you know what candy bars the senate supplies in their candy desk?
 You know your candy! OK, tell me this: Who cracked the 165 year-old gavel in the US Senate?
 Nixon. I'll give you another chance. Is the Senate chamber located in the North or South with of the US Capitol?
 Since they call it the upper chamber, I would say North.
 Nice. You should be a Senator! Although then you could be arrested by the Sergeant-at-arms if you were absent for a vote!
 Wait, then what were they wearing? I say if the women were without pants, then the men should have also had some restrictions! 
 Well, we know they were all wearing shoes!   Michael Jordan had a famous quote about selling them to both sides.
 I hope the shoes were not made of horse hair. Clint Eastwood developed an allergy to horses, so I imagine it could happen to the senators too!. 
 Yeah, but they got suspended! I wonder if the horses were Lipizzaner stallions.
 Kind of like me, without hair coloring... I wonder if they would stay dark color if they were kept calm all their lives, maybe by living with Dalmatians, who are loved by firefighters for that reason.
 Perhaps radios could be used conduct that experiment.
 As long they are kept on FM, because storms from Jupiter can be heard on AM stations, which might spook the horses>
 That would keep anyone calm.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.  Almost as bad as that website that stores classic radio dramas for free., because who would pay  for them?
 They should beam that to Jupiter...only to Jupiter... It as been nice chatting!
 I use it more than I would like to. lol
 I use it to stay in touch with friends who live far away.  ...like college friends who live in Japan, etc.  Did you know that 30% of American adults use facebook for their primary source of news?
 I know right?  There are more people on Facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago!
 Yes. I'm surprised it's already been 15 years since Mark Zuckerburg and his roommates founded Facebook on Feb. 4, 2004.
 No doubt.  Facebook was valued at $104 billion when they had their intial IPO in 2012.
 Oh yeah for sure.  Do you like to wear clothing?  I do!  I wear it as much as I can.  lol
 LOL A man once wore 70 items of clothing in a Chinese airport so he could avoid paying the bagging charge. That's funny!
 True!  People used to do their laundry in old faithful, they put their clothes in the geyser and it would erupt with clean clothes.  That seems odd.  You would think they would blow away and get dirty when they came down. lol
 Yes!  The greeks made asbestos clothing and it was almost as valuable as gold!  I wonder how many of them got sick from wearing them?  Crazy.
 It was a good chat!  Have a good evening!
 Hey same here, yeah that's why it's all blue!  Have a good day too!
 Too old, that was a joke because they disapeared.  I think 104 billion now.
 oh lol! That's a lot of money! I'm sure they were mad at Burger King for running that unfriend promotion.
 I don't know how I would feel buying something like that haha. I'm sure they are honest about them though instead of North Korea putting Made in China tags on their clothes.
 Haha most likely. I would have liked to see Tupac do ballet in high school.
 I agree! Kicking butt on the dance floor in the hong kong championships!
 Agreed. But I respect celebrities like John Cena because he holds the celebrity record for wishes granted with over 400 for the Make A Wish Foundation. 
 So very true and congratulations on surviving yourself, my friend! You, like Cena, are an inspiration to many! But since we're on the subject of celebrities,  I loved how Paris Hilton was in the Guinness Record Book for most overrated celebrity in 2007!
 I wish I'd seen that movie. I'm hoping to buy the set of them soon. I really liked Depp in The Secret Window, too.
 Yes, he was great in that movie...I named a cat Sparrow after him in it. I think he was good in the Sleepy Hollow movie as well.
 Same. It was a great movie. I actually have that Sleepy Hollow movie he's in. I think I'll go watch it now. Well, as soon as I hop in the car to get some movie snacks! TTYL
 Hello. Do you like Pirates of the Caribbean movies? Johnny Depp was epic in those. Nominated for 3 Academy Awards!
 Great question! I want a dog so bad. Man's best friend for good reason!
 They're the best. I have two of them on the couch with me right now. One is snoring. It blows my mind that they were domesticated from wolves. My shih tzu is pretty far from a wolf.
 Haha so lucky!! Yeah I guess breeding over millennia really separates them.
 Yeah not exactly sure. I appreciate what Istanbul is doing with their vending machines for the stray dogs though. Help animals and help clean up!
 It's amazing! I wonder how many bottles they get in those vending machines that feed and water the strays? It's just lovely that that's a thing that happens.
 Yes agreed. It would be even funnier if the animals learned how to pick up and deposit bottles! I just love all the roles dogs play for humans like hunting, herding, pulling, etc. 
 Mine are all about protection. One barks any time he sees another dog on TV! And at people out walking on the street, squirrels, the mail man, the garbage truck...he's very good at protecting.
 Haha must make you feel very safe! So cool seeing so many dogs varying in shapes and sizes. Well it was nice talking with you have a great day with your pals!
 I have a deep mistrust of cats.  I have never seen a dog blood drive.  That must be a noisy event.  My dog can not drive.  Too many squirrels. 
 Right on.  If I have some time, I will look for the movie "Isle of Dogs"  I like imaginative movies.  Not real sure what it is about though.  Animation. Dogs. What more do I need.
 Cats have staff, Dogs have friends. Maybe they make some jokes about dogs not being color blind.  They do not see as many colors, but some.
 happy days.
 ha ! that's interesting :) thank You for chatting !!!
 The US military takes their sci-fi very seriously. They need to stick to books like The Art of War, or maybe some Tolkien. The Lord of the Rings can prepare them to fight along side talking trees.  
 lol :) cool idea but I don't see it happening :) maybe huge mech warriors instead of trees :)
 I love Stephen King and Robert McCammon. I like CS Lewis, too. He and Tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions, reading terrible poetry. Today, they would be YouTubers. 
 I guess :) I like Jonathan Maberry and Justin Cronin.
 not sure, thank You for chatting, Merry Christmas ! ;)
 He seems to be a good dude though. He adopted a horse that was going to be put down.
 Yes, that was funny. Did you see his mea culpa video? He was with like the prime minister doing a PSA. 
 Yeah, that was news to me.  Very curious to see how they blend the reality with the world of Seuss.  Or if it's going to be straight biography style.
 He has like 10 castles. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes I agree. The soldiers could not get out of their car if they were wearing fatigues so McDonald's created the drive-up window, Burger King should let us put flamethrowers on our cars so we can get that flame grilled taste on the go lol
 Hi I love to travel!! Any type of transportation and always eager to try something new!
 wow, that is pretty expensive, but I think is worht it to do it at least once. Have you heard about a bus that the Dutch are designing?
 Yes, is nice to see all those different ways of traveling... Did you heard the bus will go at 160mph? that is pretty fast
 I do not know , but I want to follow his example and travel all around the world!
 Well, I know a little, I love animals though..and i know there are a lot of species! It is estimated that there are more than 7 million species and they keep discovering new ones.
 Wow that is amazing! some countries have worked for animal rights, like Germany.
 That is cute, I do not think the Loch Ness monster can get a white pach on its forehead, do not think would be easy to domesticate!
 That is right, it promotes creativity which is great. It has not been looked with good eyes always! In the 18th century reading novels literally caused moral panic!
 So cool, she got a world record, but beware of writing bad poetry !
 If you had written bad poetry, they may had read you at the "you  laugh you loose"competition
 That is for sure, lol... Hey, thank you for a conversation. Have a nice day.
 Nice chat, have a good one!
 I actually only live a few hours away from there but I've never been. Might be fun to take a horse drawn carriage.
 I've been there before. It's very nice. Lots of great ways to travel across the country trains, boats, planes it's also very bike friendly which is a good way to explore.
 Start in Berlin and then see where that leads you. You might want to check out some books on Germany first though there are lots of good recent travel books you can download.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yea I love traveling, especially by car around the country and back roads
 Cut the cord, friend! LOL
 See you later!
 Have a great day! 
 You too!
 x
 Hi! Yes and I love anything PlayStation, especially the PlayStation VR. Namely the game Moss which is like living inside a diorama to which you can manipulate bits of the scenery. What about you?
 It's like the new standard bearer for PSVR. Basically, it is a game that unfolds within the pages of an illustrated book. Speaking of books, what's your opinion on libraries?
 That was great for him to do. You are right though, they are becoming obsolete but thankfully there are still more libraries out there than McDonald's plus half the adult population still have library cards, so there's hope. Ha!
 I agree I use them a lot for books obviously, cds (yes I still listen to them), and for new dvd releases.  
 Haha nice. Luckily there are more libraries than McDonalds in the USA!
 Isn't that surprising?  Did you see the library of things that the Sacramento public library started?
 Yes that is so cool. I could always use a sewing machine once in a while lol!
 Yes!  Wouldn't that be perfect?  I don't know how many times I've had to spend more money than I could afford for something I would only use rarely.
 Me too lol. A man who was falsely imprisoned for 10 years studied law at a library to prove his innocence. Amazing use of the library for sure.
 No doubt!  If you publish a book in Norway, the gov't there will buy 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries throughout the country!
 That's pretty impressive that that many still have one in the internet age.  Are you a big tv fan?
 They did?  What was the name of it?
 I will have to look it up.  Are you a pokemon fan?
 I never realized they had that many!  Did you know that in the Simpsons there is only 1 episode where Bart isn't shown or is mentioned?
 I'll have to look it up and find it.  I'm curious to see it too.  I didn't realize that Thomas the Tank had 3 people who did the voice...Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin all each did the voice for at least 52 episodes a piece.
 Yes.  I watch a lot my shows on netflix and amazon prime.  I have to get going.  I've had a good time chatting with you tonight.  Have a good one!
 I think I had that one... I did not play much. Even in college I did not play a lot. I played a ton when I got my first job and moved in with my gaming friends. We played all the time. Left the bars early to play...
 Wow, I had no idea! Seems like a good game to do that with. FIFA is crazy popular!
 That's crazy! PS2 is the best selling consoule to date. That just seems right.
 One of my room mates bought a PS4 because it was also a blu ray player and he wanted a new blu ray. He also played that consoule all the time!
 Oh... Nice chatting with you!
 I do listen to the radio!  I love those radio waves that carry information to my car radio!
 That would be cool!  According to Canadian law, all radios are required to play at least 40% of the music be Canadian artists.
 Yes.  In WW2 soldiers made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode and dubbed them foxhole radios.
 I never have.  I might have to look some up.  There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 lol  Since 1989 a Finnish radio station has broadcast "Nuntii Latini" which is a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin! lol  Do you know many facts about humans?
 I've been reading up here recently.  Humans are adapted for persistance hunting making them among the best distance runners among all running animals. lol
 lol You're not kidding there!  Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 to 3 months of having it surgically shortened.  Odd. lol
 Yes it is. lol  There is also a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.  I think that's me when I hear the buzzer go off at work to return from break. lol  It's been fun!
 That's crazy! Serena is incredible, I also feel that it's a relatively even sport with opportunity for anyone to win.
 It's just funny and light hearted. I don't get to watch a lot because my kids always want to watch their cartoons. My son loves Pokemon, they have made over 750 episodes and I'm sure he's watched all of them. 
 Ahh I was always more of a Yugioh kid growing up, I remember Pokemon was always bigger though!
 Oh for sure I understand that. I think TV shows in general are becoming more varied and I'm sure he has plenty of options!
 Yeah, I loved it in the 90s -- I quit watching after it seemed to have jumped the shark. How about you?
 I don't know anything about tennis, but even I know she's a phenomenon.
 I'm glad that eleven hour tennis match wasn't done in a single day, LOL. They'd have been dehydrated beyond belief.
 LOL that figures! Nice chatting with you.
 Yes, I enjoy it while driving to work!! It seems I am listening more to what's on my phone these days. I enjoy the audio books too!
 No I haven't yet! I would really like to hear that! Very cool! I am listening the the rocket sounds live on my phone. Nasa is live, we have a rocket going up in just a few minutes from Florida!!
 Yes, I have seen so many!! I still like to run out my door and see it!! Sending up supplies again soon.
 Yes, they are made by our brave and smart soldiers in WW2!
 Yes, Have a great night!! 3 min to launch!!
 Very odd indeed. Guess they were suing themselves. Nice talking to you too!
 Yeah lol. Are you a fan of Serena Williams?
 Haha that's classic. Every once in a while, I'll be watching something else and think of it. Maybe like 10 years ago South Park was amazing.
 you as well
 Someone must be kicking themselves, like the person that turned down the Beatles before they made it.  We cut our cable about two years back, don't miss it in any way.
 I think they're ok, David Wright seems like a good guy trying to promote them though, and he was given a standing ovation which is awesome
 Thanks so much. So the pitcher plays a major role in baseball. Correct!!!
 Thank you very much. I was wondering what the objectives of the defensive team are?
 Ha Ha!!! that was funny. Are they able to play as well for their teams?
 Thanks I will. Bye
 You too!!
 Not in my lifetime.  I am old LOL.  I've got to run now.  Nice chatting with you.
 Yes, take care
 it started this whole game, could have made billions now. nice chat
 Ha!  Heard that there's a functional reason for trumpeters to have goatees.
 Ha! May you have strong wireless connections!  Take care.
 They did, it was a wendy's right next to a bar. Believe me, I wasn't the only one. LOL
 True. Some people, like Mark Zuckerberg  and his buddies at Harvard made their future. Creating Facebook was innovative and created jobs for themselves and others.
 You too! Take a few minutes to enjoy a good movie, Netflix style.
 If you are bored, stop by and see if you get a chance to see google's latest crazy stunt like the time they used hundreds of goats to mow their lawn.
 I think its worth about 104 billion dollars now haha, they definitely missed out
 yes if you unfriended ten people on facebook then you would get a coupon for a free whopper lol im hungry now
 I try to avoid it as I feel it wastes time, but yes, I do have an account. Maybe I should see if Burger King still has the promotion for unfriending ten people and getting a free whopper.
 Haha, you're right. Well, no matter how much I dislike it, Facebook continues to be a success. In early 2005, Myspace turned down an offer to buy it for 75 million. I bet they are regretting that.
 I have one, one of the best decisions I have taken, there is a lot of quality content and to think its all possible thanks to a late fee.
 Yes, I am glad Reed Hastings racked up a $40 late fee. I like watching Netflix to unwind and I am definitely not the only one. From 9 pm to 12 am, Netflix makes up 33 percent of all North American bandwidth.
 I remember all of those. He is the highest all-time box office star. His movies have earned $8.5 billion worldwide. 
 I don't remember that but it does seem out of character. I hadn't thought about it but I have never seen him play a bad guy. He personally refunded a couple's cinema ticket prices because they were disappointed with Larry Crowne. That was very nice of him. 
 Yeah, and get this, Blockbuster declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million, and it's now worth around 2 billion.  I bet whoever made that decision is kicking themselves.  LOL
 Trying to think what was the last thing I Googled... I think it was directions to a local business, but I could be wrong.  Although I do find it worry some that somewhere out there is a list of everything I've ever typed in to Google...  LOL
 That's right.  With Spotify I can find any album I want and hear it straight away.  Better than the old days where you had to wait to buy the album.
 It's funny how vinyl is coming back into fashion.  I even seen vinyl albums for sale in Target now.
 I had not heard of that until today.  Not sure I'd want to listen to it.  I'll stick to a Dark Side of the Moon, that never appears to go out of fashion.
 My wife is huge fan, aw them in London once.  She owns all their albums, sometimes more than once.
 She has a great musical taste then! great album and thats a great collection she has. 
 Nice chat!
 Hi there! I like listening to Jazz sometimes. It's soothing.
 It's pretty funny that a place for saving things is named after a great lost library.
 Yup we just do not like to read all that fine print. Nice chatting with you 
 Well, I have to admit, I just skim the agreement and look for terms like "Give up your soul" and "organ harvesting"... LOL
 Speaking of albums... did you know two identical japanese twins released a rap album when they turned 100 in 1992?
 That's really cool to have something so popular like that. I think I'm gonna go look through some old albums now. I used to listen to records with my Grandparents. cya
 Hey, you have a good one!  Good talking to you!
 It was smart of them to create. It is now worth $2 billion.
 Me too! Especially since the company has 137 millions subscribers.
 I love steven king. Did you know jk rowling was doing really bad financially when she wrote harry potter she did it sitting at a coffee shop.
 I saw the film and i thought it was awesome, what did you think
 That was a plot twist i did not expect at all they set up some tense sibling rivalry now
 It was awesome chatting with you today hopefully i'll find you on reddit alking about harrypotter lol
 Hello! Do you like to read books?
 I have no idea! I think braille is so amazing. Have you read Ender's Game?
 I've heard of the movie but never seen it. I think it's cool the military makes people read it.
 I believe it! That man had so much money! The government has come a long way! I wish our country donated 1 billion dollars to help the amazon rainforest like Norway did.
 I didn't know that! Did you know 86 percent of Nevada is owned by the Government?
 That is too funny! Well have a good day!
 Im not sure if the content could be used for war but it sure is interesting, at least I like it, just like the Enders Game novel, that one is also interesting enough
 I have not heard of it. What is it?
 Seems like they are taking their own advice and taking a break, while they work from home.
 Is it anything like Psy's gangnam style? That got so many views that they had to upgrade the view counter to integer to 64 bits.
 Behind Google? Huh... Doesn't google own YouTube? Seems logical if they do own it. YouTube and Netflix make half of peak internet traffic.
 Why they hatin on Biebs.... I hate to admit that if one of his good songs come on, I will jam to it. But it;s only like 2 songs and neither are baby.
 HA! Now I feel like a loser. Well let me redeem myself. Did you know Floyd recorded a live album at Pompeii with no one there?
 Yeah, that's right. A pretty good deal seeing what the site's become since then.
 Oh no.... I bet Tom's will never forget the day his company turned down the chance to buy Facebook so cheap, since they're worth $104 billion now. Yikes.
 Funny indeed. The clown and the king love to troll each other, it's like they're treating real life like the internet.
 Facebook gives me an opportunity to post my work as a photographer.  I think that I am a member of about every FB page that deals with photography.  I use a particular brand of camera, and have since graduating from college...so I especially like pages and groups that deal with that brand.  
 Yes, I use it a lot.  I especially like anything that deals with lighting subjects.  Taking pictures...well, the technical end...is easy, but the composition end is what makes a good photographer.  My degree was in filming and covered the Vietnam war for a major network.  I learned the technical end by experience.  The composition end, comes with training and practice and the eye.
 During peak internet time, Netflix and Youtube make up half of that traffic. YouTube is just a really quick place to get tutorial videos and other information.
 I've never posted anything to YouTube, but I watch it a lot.  I have it set up through my Roku and watch it on my big screen TV.  Sometimes my wife will sit with me and enjoy...but for the most part, her photography knowledge is limited to..."take a picture of that".
 That sounds like my photography knowledge. Perhaps I need to practice more and watch more YouTube videos.
 Actually, you don't need a degree in photography like mine.  Everything that you need to learn/know can be found freely over the internet.  I love expanding my knowledge of the medium, because I'm not a prima donna.  Although, I've been in photography since 66..I still learn something new everyday.
 Yes, I direct a lot of newbees to YouTube to learn the trade.
 I like that you don't have to register for YouTube so you can use it as a social media platform or not depending on your preferences.
 Well, I am signed into YouTube and registered because I can be kept updated on new material that is made available nearly everyday.
 Yes, I get that. I just don't have the need to sign in and it's good that there is an option.
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you like Youtube?
 Hello!
 Hi how are you? Have you ever seen westworld?
 Yes, I heard that the concept is good and they insert little puzzles and Easter eggs throughout the show to try and figure out which is huge on social media. 
 I have watched the tv series the Simpsons! Love that show. I liked one episode where Bart was riding around on a horse I think, pretty funny or maybe that was South Park....
 I also like the tv series That 70s Show! I did hear about the remake but they cancelled after only 10 episodes lol...nothing like the original! There have also been a lot of Pokemon episodes, 750 or more, wow!
 Did they really? Wow, that's cool! Whenever I hear Alec Baldwins name it reminds me of his brother who played in a firefighter movie years ago, and then I remember reading that Dalmations were always at fire stations in the older days to help keep the horses calm, my mind wanders lol.
 That's the name of the movie! Loved that one. I think they have showed that movie on TV a few times, and I watch it every time. 
 I love horses! Oh my gosh, that is ridiculous! Well I am going to watch some TV and maybe check out Westworld if I can find the last season. You have a great evening! Great chatting!
 I did not know that I live outside of Detroit so that is an interesting fact for me. It sounds awesome that someone in south-africa must have at one point attached a flame-thrower to their car and now that is illegal haha
 Ya I didn't know that. I also know from personal knowledge that the male sea horses carry the babies in a pouch while the female leaves. kind of a reverse kangaroo
 Do you like to swim?
 You should.  It a great low impact workout.  Find a nice place to swim and go for it!
 Same to you.  Have fun swimming this summer!
 Thanks I will! You have a wonderful night! :)
 byre
 I don't know. People have used razor blades and pencils to make radios in WWII. You could do the same LOL!
 I prefer to do more active things than listen to the radio. Like swimming. It is great exercise.
 Some crazy person probably. One of those Mom's who bought their little girl a mermaid tail that binds the feet! Then again if their kid survives that, they would be able to graduate from Cornell University. All their students have to pass a basic swimming test.
 Yeah he is such an animal in the water. So is the USA in general. They have almost as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of the world combined.
 Yeah they must love having 40% of air time lol! Well you have a great day!
 I know that just blew my mind. Nice chatting with you
 Yeah there are so many varieties out there.
 A chevy Malibu. Man could that thing take a beating! I was always afraid of going through drive thrus because I thought I'd knock the mirror off! 
 Did you know that McDonalds added the drive thru so that soldiers who weren't allowed to leave their cars in their fatigues could enjoy their food? Most people take advantage of that so they don't have to get out of their pajamas now I think haha
 Go on youtube and look at the video of joe rogan talking about the flame throwers they shoot out of the sides of the car
 He probably never imagined there would be an electric verison that drives all by itself while the driver sits back and just watches the car steer
 Good Morning! Do you play instruments?
 Oh nice me neither. Do you listen to the radio or Sirius XM?
 Yes I had sirius radio for years in my car. Do you listen to the radio?
 I do listen to is. There is a website where you can listen to 1000's of radio dramas for free. Haven't tried it though.
 I believe it. When I was a kid, we hated Hanson but loved their music haha. You can hear Jupiter radio storms under AM radio, I wonder what it sounds like.
 That would be so cool. there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound so u can listen to the sun.
 I bet it sounds better than Nickelback still lol.
 Lol no doubt. 
 Did you know that Eddie Van Halen plays the guitar so well it sets speakers on fire. Crazy stuff!
 Oh really, where at?
 Somewher in virginia I believe. Did you know that one of the presidents wrote a piano concerto once lol
 Interesting! Freddie Mercury wrote Bohemian Rhapsody on the same piano Paul Mccartney used for Hey Jude.
 I did too! especially about instruments.
 Yes Its been good talking to you.
 Doing great how bout yourself.
 No I have not had a land line sine I was in high school and I lived with my grandma.
 Thats kind of scary. I hope it is enoughfor the icbms. Lol
 I guess so. Did you know a single google search uses more computing powere than it too to send neil armstrong and eleven other men to the moon.
 That way you can make a facebook post when you get to the top.
 I can see the headlines when the person fell off the moutain trying to take a selfie...
 Lol. That one might not go on facebook.
 Bet they could catch it with google earth.
 Obama is on the white house google earth photo. Weird...
 I bet that was staged. 
 I would guess they know every plane that is going to be flying over the white house.
 I believe it. None of the other search engines work as well.
 Agreed. Nice chatting with you!
 Hello!  Do you play video games at all?
 I try to limit screen time for video games or any electronic.  The WHO says a lot of screentime can be considered a gaming disorder
 I agree but 1 in 10 kids spend 40 hours a week which is like a full time job.  it can get excessive
 I think they should allow time limits on apps like google.  It is not good to stare at a screen for long periods of times.
 I would not be shocked that Google does studies on this.  They went down in 2013 and took 40% of the web traffic with it.
 They also once used goats to mow their lawns vs hiring people to do it.  But who is cleaning up after the goats?
 I never thought of it that way.  Almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin C except for humans.  I guess everyone has their own perks.
 Also humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2-3 months of having it surgically shortened.
 It must be something in our DNA.  Maybe that is what cause humans to lose their hair as recently as 240000 years ago.
 It might be due to our brains getting bigger and it doesn't have time for hair.
 Same to you!
 I think the prevalence of electronic devices definitely make everyone more susceptible to addiction, but having prior addictive tendencies probably doesn't help.
 I like that Unicef donates a day of clean water to encourage people not to use all their minutes. Such a smart idea!
 Well I suppose they're living up to their motto, "Don't be evil".
 They are just having fun.  Anyway, I've got to run. Nice chatting with you.
 I did, however I didn't watch that either.  I am familiar with Mr. Rogers' puppet Daniel Tiger.
 yes, but only one. still better then any of the 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 not to mention classic rock. i spend more time as a kid listening to hey jude, bohemian rhapsody, etc
 They both use a piano. that;s a classic instrument. was invented in like 1700
 I played the piano as a child. I HATED practicing, but am so happy to have that skill now.
 Yeah, no one likes to hear kids practice. Mr Rogers should've done a "don't you be my neighbor" episode.
 yes, that would be more appropriate for the  simpsons
 so does alec baldwin, especially thru snl...not to mention the tank engine
 sure would. nice speaking with you
 When I was small I also used to watch Thomas. Did you ever watch this?
 I did. I didn't know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin narrated a lot of episodes. I liked to watch Mr. Rogers too. I'm glad toknow that he really was a nice guy but also was a radical.
 Through television he did groundbreaking work in child psychology. He helped kids work through their insecurities and fears.
 The recent Star Wars moves have also had a strong female presence, especially that Rogue One one.
  too look for that now, especially as I have a daughter, I like her to see these films.  The kids watched Wonder Woman a little while back, they both enjoyed it.
 I love having Netflix for my television option, I can pick what I want to watch and when.  I don't have to wait weekly for the next broadcast.
 That just seem to be a few too many.  I think they could have stopped at about 100.  We like documentaries about animals, Planet Earth and that kind of thing.  We're watching bird documentaries at the moment.
 I think you missed out on that one, long gone.  I like Hummingbirds, we get them at certain times of teh year as they r migrating through.
 Yeah, you don't hear of people dying with hot chocolate although it is 171 degrees. 
 Don't know... I do know that I'm happy McDonald's added drive thrus to help soldiers and it has help me as well.
 Haha yes it is definitely helped me to be lazy, they didn't want the soldiers to have to get out of their cars in their uniform
 Yeah.  It's sad the Pilgrims got a bum rap for boring clothes.  They were actually full of color.  They only wore black for special occasions.  I see Grateful Dead tie-dyed for them...
 Hello - I am good today thank you. I am interested in cars. What about you?
 It was good talking to you!
 I guess now people are just lazy to leave a car :)
 Of course!  Humans are the only mammals that can't breathe and swallow at the same time.  
 Wow.  That's a long time ago.  I wasn't sure exactly when.  I do know that humans can't burp in zero gravity environment.  lol
 LOL  Do you watch Netflix at all?
 Oh yeah.  Especially during the winter months.  I'll binge watch tv shows.  I would like to have a job as a tagger at Netflix.  They get paid to watch it and tag the content.
 Definately not a good call for Blockbuster.  I would hate to have been the one that passed on that deal.  They will never live it down.
 Wow.  I believe it!  During the Christmas holiday we were playing their fireplace movie that is nothing but a fireplace burning for an hour straight.
 LOL  I will have to look that one up!  The first series that Netflix self produced was called Lilyhammer.  I don't think I'
 I don't think I ever heard of it before now.  lol  It does seem longer than that too.  As of Oct. 2018 they had 137 million total subscribers worldwide!
 Wow!  I didn't know that.  I wonder how many people still subscribe to their dvd mail subscription service?  Times are changing so fast soon dvds will be a thing of the past.
 Oh yes I am a subscriber! Along with 137 million other people in the world.
 Me too! We need to save that hamburger button on the apps! Have a great night great chatting with you as well.
 Im doing good, how bout yourself.
 Thats cool. Did you know that dogs actually have 12 different blood types.
 Never really thought about it tI may do some more research on it later.
 Im actually picturing a line full of dogs being held back by leashes as they here one of their buddies in the other room barking in pain. Lol. 
 I have given plasma many times. It kind of depends on the nurse who gives you the IV, but usually it is pretty painless.
 I heard that. They are also the only other animal than elephants that understand pointing.
 Dogs are pretty smart at least some of them. 
 Did you know that google actually prefers dogs. 
 Their code of conduct actually states that they are a dog company. They prefer dogs over cats.
 I like cats because they keep the mice away but dogs are more fun to have around. I dont have any pets right now though. House is just to small.
 At least a big yard and I definitely dont have one of those.
 I think that would be awesome. Wonder if it keeps the thievery down over there. 
 and really amp up how badass the drivers can look haha
 I do!  I love watching it!
 No doubt!  It has 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 It's a giant for sure.  From 9PM to 12AM Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America.
 I'm not sure.  I know they used to make dvds and started producing content in 2012.  How did they start?
 lol Blockbuster really must have made him mad!  Speaking of Blockbuster they declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million.  Bad move.  Blockbuster is now out of business and Netflix is worth $2 billion!
 I'm surprised to find out that Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth.  What surprises me is that people are still renting dvds through the mail?
 I know right? lol  Youtube and Netflix make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  So I guess that means half of the people are online to watch videos. lol
 Apparantly humans lose a lot of hair as well....humans have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago. lol  How is that for useless knowledge?
 That's interesting!  I assume you like to use the internet?  Did you know that there is 3G cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest?
 I never thought of that!  That would be awesome!  Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?  lol I never knew that.
 haha  Sounds like a plan to me!  It was nice chatting with you!
 I think everyone loves dogs, even google is a dog company!
 Well, she serves a companion role, which is good for us as people.  Dogs have been bred for millenia on order to bring out certain behaviors and skills.  I think working dogs are just fascinating, such as sled dogs or hunting dogs.
 it is always sort of cool to see the animal come out in my dog I think, like they help so much, but to see them natural is interesting
 All this talk about dogs makes me want to go take mine for a walk.  Thanks for the chat about man's best friend.
 I have seen babies start to dance when they hear music! It's very cute!
 good morning to you!
 Same pretty much. I like to think I'm great but I must look like a fool. Its fun though. Just like babies, i dance when I hear music
 haha ya its a good question, Jupiter is the unsung hero though it saves us from tons of asteroids heading our way apparently!
 haha did anyone throw little asteroids at you during the play? If not then teh play was not 100% realistic lol
 ha I don't know how I feel about that, can't say I like linkin park, I do like Led Zeppelin though and I like how they didnt' title their fourth album just to mess with the rock press
 Good morning. How are you doing today.
 I wouldnt have guessed that. I would have thought maybe pink floyd dark side of the moon. It was still one of the best selling albums in 2014 over 40 years after its release.
 Thats amazing. Probably just a publicity stunt to make some money, but its pretty creative.
 I wouldnt have guessed that either. Speaking of Tupac, I think I might listen to some of his music on the way to work this morning. Gonna have to be getting off here and getting ready pretty soon.
 I concur!
 Hi there!  Yes I use them all the time.
 Wow.  No idea. That's interesting.  Windows 95 was the 2nd most installed piece of software on computers in 1995.  I think that's when I got my first real computer outside of a commodore 64 in the 80s.
 They have changed so much since then. lol  The first google computer at Stanford was housed in custom-made enclosures constructed from lego bricks.
 Yes they were.  The first computer algorithm was written by a woman named Ada Lovelace.  I never knew that.
 You might be right.  I guess she would be considered a celebrity then?
 Yes I do.  She was on tv a lot when I was a kid.  Why do you ask?
 I'm not sure.  I've heard of her but I think she's popular with young adults and teenagers.  Paris Hilton was in the 2007 guiness book of world records for most overrated celebrity.  That sounds about right.
 True!  John Cena on the other hand holds the record for wishes granted with the make a wish foundation with over 400!  That's awesome and good to see someone use their fame to do something to help others.
 It's been fun.  Have a good day!
 That's cool! It reminds me of people building nanotech machines just from a handful of interlocking molecules.
 I bet they get a lot of voided warranties that way. Nice chatting with you!
 They debuted the new version at the South Korea winter Olympics
 Ultimately, it is not expected to have much effect on the average citizen.
 Perhaps, but voting results in any number of odd situations.
 Probably so.    I wonder if any of the astronauts voted for that measure from space?
 I would certainly want to have a radio in that situation!
 I think I'll pass on that Classical Latin news.  I get enough sleep already, that would sure knock me right out! It's been fun chatting with you this afternoon.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 She writes books from the animals' perspectives, and even from a tree's perspective in a book about an Oak tree.
 I think so. There comes a time when compassion should outweigh ownership.
 I agree, which is part of what the author Applegate is championing. She's partnered with the Animal Welfare Institute.
 That's really altruistic of her.
 That makes sense and is really forward thinking of her. I think we could use more like her.
 Which is a surprisingly short amount of time in the grand scheme of things...
 Nice chatting with you.
 you too.
 Isn't that crazy?  Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.  That's weird.  I never knew that.
 I didn't either or notice! Interesting.... Love the idea of animals have legal rights like in Germany.
 That is neat!  Speaking of animals and legal rights....the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act has the Loch Ness monster as a protected species!
 All I've seen are those blurry famous pictures of it. lol
 I saw that!  Isn't that funny?  Here's an odd fact: Humans have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago. lol
 hahahaha That's great! lol  Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 to 3 months of having it surgically shortened.  File that away in "so now you know...." lol
 lol  There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans!  I just realized that's what you meant earlier. lol
 I didn't know that either!  Almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin c, but humans cannot because the gene for this enzyme is defective.  I'm learning all kinds of new stuff today.  lol
 lol An iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent!  Crazy.
 icbm... inter continental ballistic missile...lol  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Yes!  It's been fun chatting!  Hope you have a great day!
 If you're interested in zoology then you will find interesting that there are animals that could live forever such as a type of jellyfish and a type of lobster.
 Yes. It's crazy. Anyway I just remembered I have to make a phone call. It was nice chatting with you.
 That makes it worthwhile to attend such performances.
 I really like that show. Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor in TV drama.
 Me too.
 Yes, that is unique! Well , I need to go walk my dog, It's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.
 It was nice talking with you too.
 Howdy pardner! Are you into hockey, bird watching, or radio? 
 Sure. My knowledge about hockey is limited because I never played much as a child. I guess you might say I have "puck management issues" like the Washington Capitals. Have you ever played hockey, or do you stick to playing the radio? 
 Is that AM or FM radio? I gotta get that station!
 Yeah, me too! I hope it did not go the way of the Dodo bird, that famously extinct pigeon-like creature. 
 Lightweight...I guess that's why I have never seen a bird drinking alcohol. But I have seen a humming bird steal a spider web to use as a sticky patch to repair their nest. Now that is innovative! 
 Wouldn't it be funny if they made car alarms and chainsaws in Australia to sound like birds? That might confuse those birds so much, they would migrate to England! Some birds migrate from Alaska to Northern Mexico without even taking a nap. Crazy, right?
 They listen to Canadian radio stations along to way. I don't know why. Canadian station are required by law to play 40% of their music content from Canadian musicians. I guess birds love Michael Buble.
 I guess they do lol, also Justin Bieber, and I think its a good law, it supports local artists so thats good.
 Or maybe those birds tune into the webcast of that site where you can hear thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas. If I heard that original recording of the War of the Worlds, it would keep me awake too!
 Nice. Number 2 pencils? Hate to be in a foxhole and find all I had a a Bic pen. 
 Clever, like that of Fox TV series, McGyver. He could make a nuclear bomb out of tic tac candies and paperclips  Fox ix an interesting network. They once considered making a separate station dedicated to The Simpsons. Bart 24/7. 
 That show is pretty good I like it, and I think that would be a good idea after all who doesnt like The Simpsons, they are my favorite tv family for sure.
 Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons once in order to top them from parodying the broadcast network.  I would have liked to see Bart Simpson deposed and cross-examined Richard Nixon.
 It is in my house.  Nice chatting with you friend.
 Hi, do you think Library is useful for everyone.
 Yes, But i think library is very useful for everyone. 
 But it an increasingly digital world, we see the role of libraries as community. Is it right?
 Yes, it's true. I value the availability of interesting and engaging books and activities for my children.  
 Definitely, Which car do you mostly like?
 Okay, Electric cars have been getting better and cheaper very quickly. 
 Whenever I've been to Spain people just drive round spamming their horns at all times. 
 That's fine, There is no world without sun. 
 Yes. on earth blue light from the Sun is scattered by air molecules and spreads around the sky to create a blue canopy. 
 Yes, really it's very interesting. Do you like sunshine?
 Hi there!  Do you like birds?
 I like them!  Some birds migrate from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping while migrating.  That's pretty incredible.
 I always wondered why they flew like that.  How interesting!  The extinct dodo bird is acutally a sub-family of the pigeon.
 That's interesting!  ..and I know right?  lol  Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nexts.  
 I read that before.  Wonder why people hate them so much?  There are wild birds in Australia that can mimic the sounds of cameras, alarms, and chainsaws.  Bet they can get pretty noisy. lol
 Interesting.  The bones are so hollow in most birds that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
 I do!  It is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined!
 Yes.  At one time Fox almost created their own cable channel that would air only the Simpsons.  Something tells me that would have been succesful.
 I'll have to look into it and yes it is.  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!  Have a good one!
 Good morning!
 Hi there! Not sure about you, but it's been cold where I live but I'm glad to see the birds coming back!
 You and me both!  I'm in North East Ohio and we're still in the teens here today with snow on the ground still.  I can't wait to see the birds come back.
 That's incredible. I live on a big lake south of Lake Erie.  I love the migrating season because we see ducks that we normally don't see here.  In most birds, bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
 That is hard to believe! Did you know there are birds in Australia that can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms and chainsaws?
 It might have been. I've heard that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests.
 Wow.  That's probably because 94,700,000 US households receive Fox news.  lol
 That could have something to do with it! I know at one time FOX was going to create a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
 I didn't know Nixon was involved.  Interesting.  The gaming website IGN is owned by News corp. which also owns Fox news.  Do you still listen to the radio at all?  I do.
 Yes, I listen often. In fact there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 I'm going to have to check that out.  Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio!
 Wow! I would have never guessed that. Canadian law requires that at least 40% of music played be Canadian.
 That's kind of neat.  Gives some people in Canada the chance for their music to be heard.  Since 1989 a Finnish radio station has broadcast a weekly news show called "Nuntii Latini" conducted entirely in classical Latin.
 I wonder if there's a lot of people there that speak Latin? Well, it was good talking with you. Bye now.
 Wow, must be really far. Nice chatting with you
 Library is the source of information and knowledge. Its not only books we can read the New paper, Magazine and DVD.
 Knowledge is wealth. In modern age, Library also have electronic medium to share the knowledge and Digital library are used to know the information correctly. 
 No. The Library of Alexandria, in Egypt was the largest and most important great library of the ancient world.
 Electric cars have been in use since 2008, some countries allowed it to make a pollution free environment. The cars' cost is high.
 Sun is the only emitting bodies in the entire solar system through which only all the planets receive lights.
 Hi! I love YouTube and yes I do watch video's. Have you seen the do you hear yanny or Laurel one?
 I think the most disliked video is Baby I believe lol, So much traffic on Youtube! And I heard on the radio that 2 Llama's were running loose in Arizona!
 Right! You need to hear the viral video on what do you hear...Laurel or Yanny...it is like is the dress was it gold or blue. So much posting on Reddit!
 I think some college kids founded Reddit, I think Virginia university roommates.
 Really? I need to check that out for sure. There is also a Finnish radio station and they broadcast only Nuntini Latini it's strictly a news program done in latin, pretty cool!
 I will have to check that out as well. I love the radio, especially while driving, there's so much to choose from.
 I know so many channels. Nice chat :)
 Nice talking to you! Have a great night!
 Good morning! Do you like to read?
 I do like to read. Do you?
 The episode was 4 women and a manicure. Good episode but I had no idea he wasn't in it. I guess I just wassn't paying attention.
 I have a 7 year old and he watches it all the time. I cannot stand it but I have probably seen so many by proxy...
 The worst is that there are now spin offs or knock offs so there are so many options for my son to watch. He is starting to move on though, into Disney shows, like Bunk'd...
 I do like watching youtube on occasion. It is a very popular site now, have you ever seen the first youtube video ever posted?
 Yeah, it's a pretty short video with an elephant I believe. Justin Bieber was once youtubes most disliked video but I think it is youtube rewind now!
 Yeah, I remember when it was playing everywhere you looked. Very catchy! Police have their own youtube called blutube.
 I'm not sure, I wonder what kind of law enforcement videos they actually share. Do you use Reddit?
 I've seen the photo restoration sub reddits! I spend probably too much time on Reddit, very useful when you're bored. Did you know the first comment on Reddit was complaining that it was going downhill?
 It is pretty funny. I'm definitely guilty of lurking myself most of the time! There is a page on there somewhere that sums up 25 of the kindest deeds done on Reddit!
 That would be interesting to look up!  It'd be nice to hear some good news for a change!  
 Yeah, there is definitely a lot of negative news floating around! There was 153 million submissions on reddit in 2018. 
 Very meta, you would think they would have just made a sub reddit talking about reddit!
 Interesting, I don't think i've heard about that before! Reddit raised 50 million dollars in 2014 in a funding round led by Snoop dog, Jared leto and a few others!
 That could be pretty interesting! I wonder if it made it on the kindest deeds list!
 It was great chatting with you too! Have a great night!
 Take care!
 That is a shame. I suppose they are used to it.  You know,, when traveling, occasionally I get delayed and must lay over for a night. I recently learned about a website that hooks travelers up with places that have empty couches!
 160 mph? That will open up new areas for commuters! I don't remember what the website was called. We'll have to ask Dr. Google. Here's another piece of travel trivia: People will steal garden gnomes, take them on trips, and then return them along with travel photos.
 Its a fad, every since Travelocity h=introduced their travel gnome. Here is a bizarre fact: Back in the olden days when people traveled by boat ore, the ships crews would release rabbits on islands along their journey. That way, there would always be a place along the way to pick up groceries.
 Must be a peaceful place.  Hey, are you a Michael Jackson fan?
 Sure! The King of Pop was amazing. Weird at times, but amazing! Did you know he was Steven Spielberg's first choice to play Peter Pan in the movie, Hook?
 Actually, he did not create the moonwalk, but he did make it popular!  He also wanted to make a Harry Potter musical, but JK ROwling said no.
 Thank you for the additional information.  I thought he created the moonwalk.  He made it popular though, right?  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 I have an OLED and it's awesome! And yes I love South Park, I especially like the episode where they made fun of the Family Guy series
 I bet that he probably didn't have to.
 That's all the way up to 11
 Yeah I believe he is
 I like that better. nice chat
 I love watching youtube!  how about you?
 Me too. I pretty much watch YouTube on a daily basis.
 Same here!  I have it on right now on my tv. lol  It was created by 3 PaPal employees in 2005.
 It is!  That's how I found Psy's Gangnam Style video a few years back.
 I'm going to have that song in my head now.  I won't have Justin Biebers Baby though.  It is the most disliked video on youtube!
 I believe it!  What I can't believe is how much Google paid for Youtube.  Do you know how much?
 $1.65 billion!  Those 3 papal employees scored big time!
 That' funny!  Do you use Reddit?
 I haven't used it.  Looks like they are worth some money.  In 2017 they had a valuation of $1.8 billion!
 That a tiny amount for sure.  There is a page that sums up 25 of the kindest deeds ever done on reddit.
 Now that's funny!  Some of the original investors included Snoop Dogg and Jared Leto!
 It was good talking to you!
 haha I didn't see the TV show but I have seen the Val Kilmer movie, I'm sure it wasn't as good as the original but I did enjoy it
 yes I guess he was nominated 13 times and never won, but nice to meet you too!
 Yea, all the time. The South Park episode where they made fun of family guy was hillarious
 Yeah I love that episode, so funny that the Simpsons Creator sent the South Park creators flowers afterwards because they knew it was so true
 I want to check out the dutch bus that travels at 160 mph! would save so much time.
 Ha that's true!!! but i hate the commute time, although it does let me catch up on reading., 
 ha! definitely not. I usually read on my phone. did you know the iphone has more computer power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent. 
 Ha! i must say i'm guilty of that and taking pictures of my dog obsessively
 Hi there! How are you today, and what are you up to?
 Well, I guess it goes to show celebrity involvement does not guarantee success. Nice chatting today.
 Yeah, I heard he used a private plane to commute three hours a day when he was elected Governor.
 ya I love how Amazon delivers on sundays even, they have a special contract with usps
 haha yup me too, if I walked 7-15 miles a day, man I would be in good shape haha
 Do you use the internet a lot?  I do.  lol
 I agree.  I think I spend most of my day on the internet.  I love it that it's a way where people can make some money using it if you know what websites or apps to use.
 I agree.  I always tell people who really need money bad to try to use it to supplement their incomes. It's hard to get people to actually believe you that you can make money if you put your mind to it.  
 That is true.  I've worked with some real stinkers over the years though.  I would say the bad co-workers outnumbered the good ones.  Did you know that only 7 percent of people read the full terms when they buy something online?
 I'm guilty as well especially with smaller items like dvds, cds, etc.
 I remember when I first went on the internet.  It was either 1995 or 1996.  My company paid for us to take 1 college class a week to where the teachers came to the company one day a week.  I took computer science class and the teacher showed us the internet.
 I love reading to!  If I could I would read as fast as Anne Jones, she holds the world record for speed reading with 4,700 words per minute.
 I'm guessing she was just taking it in.  lol  Starship Troopers is on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 military branches.  I've never read that one but saw the movie.
 I agree with you there!  Do you like poetry?  The Javanese alphabet, when recited in order, forms a poem
 I've come to appreciate it the more I get holder.  There is a poem that when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring.  That had to have been so hard to write that. 
 It like those pictures that look different when observed from a different perspective.  
 Yes.  Those are neat!  It's been good chatting with you
 Hi! Are you into reading or poetry? 
 From the Greek term, poiesis, is the literary form for making words into art. Sometimes it is just a way to communicate to others.
 I love how words or even letters can be arranged in a meaningful way to evoke emotion. Like the Javanese alphabet, which when recited forms a poem. That's creative.
 Sure, or like in that one form of poetry when a poem is read forward it is depressing, but when read backwards, it is inspiring. 
 I also love comedic poetry. Did you know comedian Demitri Martin, the OCD clown, wrote a palindromic poem that was 224 words long. That takes talent, and obsession.
 I wish I could read faster. There are so many good books and poems, it would be so great to read as fast as world speed-reading champion, Anna Jones, who tears through books at a rate of 4,700 words per minute! I could finally read War and Peace!
 Me too! If you read too fast, you miss so much, and you cannot appreciate the depth of the written word, whether this is a good book or a lousy one! I bet when CS Lewis and Tolkien had their "you laugh you lose" competitions to present simply terrible poems, they read them slowly so that the audiences could savor the stench of horrific writing!
 True. Well, it has been nice chatting with you. Good luck and may all your hamburger buttons be functional!
 Yes, same to you!
 Word out.
 Indeed.  They have even targeted U.S. citizens with those things.   It's cool to see the private sector using them though, I guess the USPS has contracted with Amazon to deliver even on Sunday!
 Likewise :)
 Later :)
 Yeah I bet it is. I have been there it was so cool! It is in Northern Michigan! I recommend going! They have been banned for over 100 years. 
 Yeah very true. Got to look cool! Reggie Miller was a great player and so was his sister!
 She is very fun to watch. It was good talking to you as well!
 I read a lot..mainly autobiography's, history books, and sports related book.  Did you know that Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches?
 I've never read either book either.  Saw the movies. lol I wish I could read like Anne Jones.  She holds the record for speed reading with 4,700 words per minute.  I would get a lot more reading done then.  
 lol  I couldn't even imagine.  Imagine what they would have done if they had the internet.
 I haven't but would like to start at some point.  I think I would start with the poem that when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring.
 Sounds interesting.  Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem.  I'm perplexed by it. lol
 I didn't know that about poetry.  I just read that almost all of the Hobbit's character names were taken out of an old Icelandic poem called "Dvergatal".  
 I don't think I've ever read any but I sure rely on it every day.  lol  I don't know what I would do without the internet.  It has allowed me to find a way to make extra money from home, which has been a blessing.
 lol yes I feel you on that, did you know that clicking on internet clicks can be addictive? I probably have that addiction btw haha
 hahaha I think I have it too!  Have you ever heard of a hamburger button on apps and websites?
 lol Yes.  I think I'm behind the times.  I never knew they were called that.  It's been fun chatting!  Have a great night!
 Fine. I just returned from a trip. I traveled to Europe. I seems like air travel is slower these days that it used to be. Am I right?
 Right, yeah! Our bus systms are so slow, the drivers routinely release rabbits at the bus stop so that future passengers have something to eat while they are waiting for  the next bus. Kind of like ships used to do ...leaving rabbits on islands. 
 Yeah. He could have walked faster. Kind of like the airlines, who instead of fetching baggage faster, just make us walk further. 
 All those poor people, carrying around their stolen garden gnomes. At least it increases time for taking selfies.
 I don't know anything about that. 
 Nice. Funny that chimpanzees beat us into space, and in 1988, a chimp got 400,000 votes in a mayoral election in Rio de Janeiro. Unfotunately, he lost. THe best politician in years too. A real shame.
 JFK was taller than Tricky Dicky, and he won. He voted against the 1957 civil rights act, but he still won.
 They certainly could do some damage on the Supreme Court. I think they would get tons of votes! Maybe not the 99.5% landslide they had in Norway, but they would do well. Do you hear about that?
 It was a vote for independence, so it was a "big" step in their history!
 Fish and chips. Either that or they played a basketball game for it. Although most basketball player go bankrupt when they finish playing, so I would take the fish and chips.
 You too buddy!  And like that great coach, stan van gundy, once said, "Riba shouldn't be playing games on Christmas day!" Chow!
 Justin bieber probably does, the real one, not the older guy with the same name.
 Yes. I think I would rather try to read a book then climb Mt. Everest for cell services. Anne Jones has the fastest reading speed at 4,700 words per minute. She's read a lot of books i would say!
 Did you know that McDonalds' added drive-thrus in 1975 to accommodate soldiers in uniform that were not allowed to get out of their cars because they were in uniform.
 I wonder if that gave him an advantage.  If I invented a sport I'd make sure it suited me one hundred percent.
 There can only ever be one champion, at the moment its the Warriors.  Best stick with your team through thick and thin, don't be a fair weather fan.
 You had your glory years with Jordan.  I kind of like Curry, I really admire what he does for the team
 I could imagine a number of granny shots coming from some of the older justices, some are in fact, probably, grannies.
 Yes, how about you? I did not know that a car's trunk was called a trunk because of old cars having wooden trunks on the back
 that would make for a short work day. Ahh...the good ole days.
 Yeah it seems that way. The brain is too interesting.
 wow, that is funny. it was nice chatting with you.
 I love basket ball. My favorite player is cheryl miller. She once scored 105 points in a game.
 Yeah, and on the same night her brothe reggie miller scored 40 points.
 Well, I'm told it's actually the most effective way to score, but I can see why most of the athletics will NOT do it.  It would be kind of funny to see some of them trying it though!  Maybe they could do it for a charity event or something... hehe!
 Well you would think some of the guys who cant shoot at all would at least give it a try. 
 I dont know if it were me, I would have went to the NBA and the took classes to finish in the offseason.
 I didnt watch basketball at that time, but think about how dominating you would have to be at something to get it banned from the game?
 I can't even imagine!  Well, listen it was GREAT chatting with you!  You have a terrific day!
 You to. Have a good one. Bye.
 Same here
 That is true one of the best players did that i think his name was granny lol
 I have enjoyed talking about basketball with you. Have a great night!
 merry christmas
 Thanks, you too!
 Yes, Mostly five players on each side at a time fall into five positions player.
 Its very hard to play NBA they have worked very hard and they are playing for the nation.
 Shooting "granny style" is the absolute technique to consistently score points on the line.
 Markkanen will break the three-point record by a 7-foot rookie in less than 42 games.
 He is a record breaking player.
 The new zealnad baskeball team are nicknamed the Ttall blacks"
 The main North American league is the WNBA is the strongest European clubs participate in the Euro league women.
 Only the early stage many clubs are started, Due to his hardwork it become the national game of the nation.
 The basketball world cup and Men olympic basketball  tournament are the major international event attract top national team.
 Its very bad time to basketball. It make me very worried.
 Yeah, we have gotten better thankfully at that. nice chat
 did you know that basketball actually banned the dunk for over a decade?
 I guess this was when kareem abdul-jabbar was playing so I assume like the 70's? I'm not much of a basketball fan myself
 the other shocking thing is how much they pay college coaches, like how is that the highest paid state employee and not like the governor or something
 ya, are you a college sports fan? I actually don't like sports I don't watch any of that stuff
 well that could make sense, I wonder what his degree was in, becuase I would imagine one year of the nba would cover many years of a regular job, but who knows haha
 don't know much about him, I think he was born in ohio but thts all I know
 Yeah, both in Akron actually, same as Lebron James. Curry has been revolutionary to basketball if you ask me. He single handedly changed the way people shoot three pointers. They are used so much more often now.
 how did he do that? like I don't know how he revolutionized the game exactly, like did he shoot 3's more often or what?
 ah interesting ok I can see how that is useful, I always think certain last names are funny, like the last name curry jmakes me hungry for indian food haha
 haha, too funny. Almost as funny granny-style shooting in basketball. although, supposidly, that's the most accurate technique to shoot
 haha I have read that, I have to try it, you'd think if that is the best way, even though it looks dumb, that players would do it to win
 That is my favorite part of SNL. Do you watch reality shows?
 Yes, I do like comedies. Step Brothers is one of my favorites.
 Watch the movies first. They are more accessible than the show I think. Try Holy Grail, Life of Brian, and the Meaning of Life. Python programming language is even named after them. They are so iconic. 
 I will try to watch Holy Grail today. I just saw it on Hulu yesterday and thought about watching it then. 
 I agree. I did not like the all of the knock offs from that move. I think Bernie Mac was under rated!
 ya he was, so is the movie Kung Foo Hustle, even Bill Murray likes it!
 Wow, pocket change then... I would be happy with just half that amount. Real happy!
 HA! I can see a president giving himself 7 stars. The best stars. 
 Nice chatting with you!
 Have you ever watched Brooklyn Nine Nine?  It is one of my favorite sitcoms
 Not really.  It is basically just a comedy about detectives in New York.  Terry Crews is great in his role.
 I watch a lot of comedies.  One of my favorites recently was a show called Community with Joel McHale and Donald Glover.  
 I will always love Comedy Central for bringing South Park into the world.  That show has been on for 20 years and still is incredibly funny.
 I have seen a few of those that I enjoy.  I prefer those over gory horror movies.
 same here have a good one
 I'm a 93%er.  Why bother, it's written in lawyer-ese.  Funny, looking up yourself on the internet is called "egosurfing".
 Very cool! I love that, and dogs. I would have like to taken mine there!
 He's always getting into predicaments.  I saw him interviewed about when he locked himself out of his hotel room and he was naked.  Cheers!
 good morning to you!
 Yes great songwriting partners.  He owned a cattle ranch too.
 No I did not.  Didn't know about the library of alexandria either.  Having a copy of the internet capabilities
 I think wee need a concert in the ancient roman amphitheatre.  Maybe I can suggest that to Cake.
 I like Cake.  Thanks.  You were a great chat partner. 
 Hi, how are you?
 Hi I'm good, what do you think about this article? 
 I think an article about DC weather is pretty narrow. Im from chicago and just got done shoveling my drive so....
 Haha, I can't relate. The only part I can relate to is to how hot it is during the summer. I'm from Florida. Have you ever used the Amazon Alexa device?
 I have... It's basically my timeout timer for my kids. Did you know...The first amazon.com customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him
 I did not know until I read the article. Amazon seems to do very unusual things that make people excited. The only products I have ever bought from Amazon are electronics and toys for my kids as well. Just bought the new apple airpods!
 Nice! I love my airpods. I clean my house with headphones on and I used to get my cord caught on my baby gate all the time. I got irrationally angry abut it and bought my first pair when I couldn't take any more...
 What kind of music do you listen to? I loved rap rock back in my college days. Did you know Linkin park played 325 concerts in 2001 alone? 
 That's a lot of shows! I listen to a lot of music. Been into EDM recently during my workouts. Also listen to metal and rock. MOstly, during my free time, I listen to podcasts. Im a nerd...
 Oh really? I love podcasts, I love reading as well especially nonfiction because it helps me develop and practice reading strategies and comprehension. 
 Nice. What podcasts do you listen to? In 1972, pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii...with no audience.
 Oh I just listen to sports podcasts, mainly basketball ones. I did not know that. Have you ever been to a pink floyd concert?
 I have not but they are a favorite band of mine. What basketball podcast? I love sports podcasts so we're on the same page...
 I listen to BBallbreakdown NBA podcast. Basketball is my favorite sport so that's why I listen to it. 
 Nice. Who is the host? I listen to Dan Patrick and Dan LeBatard. I also listen to a bunch of NPR stuff. Again... nerd!
 Coach Nick, he gives a lot of insight for upcoming games which is what I find interesting. And that's cool. So have you ever travelled down south before?
 I have... I really love the south. I love the food especially.
 Which states have you been to? Its quite hot in Florida even during the winter. We typically get heavy rains weekly.
 I have been to Florida and Alabama and Georgia. I love Florida and plan to retire there in 20 years. Where are you in Florida?
 In Tampa, its not the first city you would think of, rather you would probably think of miami as the city of Florida haha!
 As a Le Batard fan, Miami is the first but I love the gulf coast. Want to move to clear water. Take care!
 Great, did you know that the Australian band Abba that was popular in the 80's turned down 1 billion dollars to do a 100 concert reunion tour? Crazy huh
 I'm not sure, they are getting good royalties off of their hits on the movie Mama Mia and Mama Mia 2 that was just released. My husbands band opened for Deep Purple in 1981
 Yes, I actually work for Ticketmaster. What type of music do you like?
 I too have not been gifted with the great sound of song!  I see that the Beatles had a 3 month stay at the top of billboard hot 100 and in 1964 Louis Armstrong took their place on the charts.
 Yeah, Louie was one of a kind. I remember him on stage with a hankerchief to wipe the sweat away with.
 I would have been a singer if I could have carried a note, I love singing.
 Well there's always the shower. That's where I do my best.
 That's always joked about, but it's the best place to sing!
 Omg if he was on the internet he would be one of those living legends from that era still around like tommy chong
 It probably makes the population alot smarter all around because they all have the constant access to information 
 Yea I think it was due to the success of their debut album.
 iI recall that it happened in 2002.
 Absolutely. I love concerts...indoor concerts...outdoor concerts...I love them all.
 I like the ones from single musicians in dedicated concert halls.
 Gigs and shows Re good too , those are informal names of concerts.
 John Barlow was a lyricist for the Grateful Dead and advocate for freedom of expression.
 Interesting, they should have performed at an stadium instead.
 hello
 Yes mostly, When temperatures get too high, we go low, lol
 Hahahaha True.
 yes :) Temperatures take another big step up through the 90s and heat indexes charge above 100, thanks to high humidity levels in August, do you agree?
 Yes. I have learned that The holiday weekend looks complicated, with daily chances of showers and storms. It shouldn't be a complete washout, though, are you happy about that?
 Yes I miss it too sometimes. Light winds come from the south, I didn't know about that.
 Sure. It is one of my favorite to buy online.
 It is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company based in Seattle, Washington, where I currently live and happy to be next to Amazon lol
 Yes agree with you, did you know that Amazon ceo jeff bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years?
 Maybe he wanted to show everyone what he made? and also The first amazon.com customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him
 No but I loved them a lot... my childhood favorite group. And did you know 972, pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii...with no audience?
 hello! how are you?
 I love pixar movies, A bugs life and Toy Story are some of my favorite movies, I can't wait for toy story 4. I love the old guy playing checkers at the beginning of A Bugs Life .
 well it was nice talking to you, have a nice day!
 Thats sweet I love soccer, and yeah I guess having Facebook allows you to keet in touch with others special friends that live far away
 What teams do you do that for? I am a fan of Barcelona and also Manchester United
 I know Im excited for that game, the team has been playing so much better since Mourihno left, did you ever hear about the Whopper promotion that Burger King had on Facebook?
 Yeah isn't that pretty funny.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Yeah same here, it's been fun and interesting, I hope you have a good day!
 Some people have thousands of followers so I am sure they  had some. I only have like 100 friends so I did not have many to loose! Just kidding, I am particular about who I let in my life...
 Right? I just do not accept many people that request to be my friends. I had a lot of friends on there but one day I purged anyone I hadn't talked to in over a year. I wound up with 100 people. It was cathartic. But I didn't earn a whopper...
 I bet it really bytes... HA! Just a little computer humor!
 No, now Im just an unstylish 40 year old. They accept me more now. Nice chatting with you!
 Hello!
 I would prefer to travel in another format like bike, car, train, or boat to avoid kids on planes.
 I hope they keep the kids clothes clean when changing diapers on planes. Clothes are something that only humans wear.
 unclaimed airline baggage is sold in an Alabama store. Good to know they don't just throw it out.
 I would like to have been able to shop Apple's clothing line in 1986.
 That is awesome! I would unfriend people for free food haha....Facebook can be used for so much, they advertise more and more but I guess that is how they make their money! It has been great chatting! 
 Nice meeting you!
 You too! :)
 Hi there! Not sure about you, but I really love to travel. I can say I only traveled once with a baby though.
 I like to take road trips in cars sometimes. Saying that a crying 8-month-old's behavior is "completely unacceptable" is a real WTF moment.
 Not really. I just wanted to get some local person to take me around over this area.
 Now that's a good idea. I know there's always something to see. I know for people to drive around Japan all of their highways are tolls. 
 Not until recently. I'm all about them encouraging people to delete, but I wonder what FB did to get on their bad side LOL.
 I'm not sure if that was the case, but Burger King offered people a free Whopper if they unfriended 10 people.
 That's hilarious. I'd probably take that deal if I was on FB.
 I bet a whole lot of people did! Especially since FB allows anyone that claims to be at least 13 years old to have an account.
 I see some really young people on Twitter too. Nice chatting with you!
 Agreed. And to answer your last question, I am unfamiliar with many sports celebrities. However, I am a fan of Tom Brady!
 I think those are very admirable traits to have. Another admirable QB is Paul Hubbard. He was deaf. I think that's inspiring.
 It might be scary. However, I do think that sharks get a bad reputation. Sharks are actually capable of rescuing sailors.
 No, we do not. I guess that they can be trained similarly to dogs- they are capable of barking. Maybe one day we will try to study them and get to know them better!
 Hope so. Before some shark species disappear into shark fin soup. Good speaking with you. 
 Good speaking with you as well. Hope to chat again soon!
 Thank you.
 If you ever want to know additional shark facts, please let me know. And you can educate me about quarterbacks.
 Agreed!
 Ok..lol  Did you know that sharks have no rib cages and if they were on land their weight could crush their own body?
 Yes.  They evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.
 Yes there are.  They are so smart that they can be trained to bark like dogs.
 That's what I read.  If it's on the internet it must be true.  LOL  Supposedly they can also rescue sailors just like dolphins.
 Hahaha yes!  I wouldn't have wanted to be the one though that had to do the experiments to have to find these things out.
 LOLOLOL  That's great!  There is an area in the middle of the pacific ocean where great white sharks congregate and they call the are the white shark cafe.
 Ok...we'll talk about football next then.  Did you know that there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL?  His name is Kellan Moore and I have no idea who he plays for. LOL
 I agree.  The only other lefty I can remember is Michael Vick.
 Yes he did.  He currently is a coach in the new AAF league that started playing just after the super bowl.  I enjoyed the chat.  Have a good one!
 I wear a hat last night actually haha. It was just a regular ball cap though haha
 Yep I agree with you. If I were like Allen Iverson and made $800,000 a year for Reebok I would definitely be using the granny shot if it was the best way to shoot haha
 He scored 40 points in a game (in highschool), the same night, she scored 105, and broke some records.
 I would love to see LeBron do that, even though it looks stupid.
 Hey. do you like basketball? I wish the hoop wasn't 10 feet high!
 I do it's a very good sport. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar didn't seem to have a problem with dunking on the hoop though.
 Yea, it's interesting that they were worn at parties to encourage foolish behavior.
 I did and I know that Michael Jordan wore them anyways because he knew that Nike would pay the fine.
 According to physicists you are absolutely right! Great note to end on :) Bye!
 It was good talking to you!
 That is crazy , she must have taken all the shots. Talented family for sure
 I was maimed in a tragic basketball accident. It has left me scarred for life. But I still enjoy watching B-Ball. I just can no longer play because of the nightmares...
 Yeah. It wasn't so much a basketball injury as it was an incident with a cheerleader. Well, maybe not the cheerleader herself, but rather the cheerleaders's father. Hey, but that Kareem Abdul Jabbar is a great dunk artist, wouldn't you say?
 Hard to imaine the game today without the dunk!  It's like trying to imagine the Supreme Court as not being the highest court in the land...which it is not, since that name is reserved for their basketball court!
 Very interesting. I think I want to be a basketball coach at a university. In most states, the highest paid state employee is either a football or basketball coach of a college.
 Nice! My father was a basketball coach. But that was before the dingos came and ate my little brother. Hey, that New Zealand basketball team is pretty good, and their nickname is interesting: The Tall Blacks!
 It is better than the other name they were going to call the team: Guys with Shoes. It would have given them more opportunities for endorsements, but it was not a very unique moniker.
 No. Air Jordans are too expensive for me. I wear shoe Carnival classics.  I don't get a fancy endorsement deal like Michael Jordan, and I don't wear mine in Pro games as he does, but I still wear mine with pride. 
 Yeah, and Nike paid the fines!  I wish Nike would pay the fine I get for wearing my shoes to work. I am a ballet dancer. There are strict rules against wearing shoe carnival classics in the theater.
 During the Nutcracker, yes,, unless you are a sugar plum. They get all the best costumes.. We did do a ballet for British politicians and we were able to wear top hats because there is a rule in the house of commons about the necessity for them to wear their hats when performing their duties...
 Only at school. My teacher lets me wear the gold one because she says I am extra special. I think that is a complement, but I am not sure. One thing I do not like about dunce caps: It is hard to tip a dunce cap. Tipping ones hat originated with knights raising visors. Do you wear any hats?
 What could be more popular than a cowboy hat for a cowboy?
 You're quite funny. I tip my hat to you.
 Best regards friend. And watch out for stray hatpins!
 Yeah the woman broke 8 national records. Nice chatting with you
 I love wearing baseball hats. I wear one everyday. They do help with the sun too.
 Great chatting with you too!
 Hey. One of my favorite Holiday's is Halloween! The new Halloween remake was great I thought because it retains many things from the original!
 The trunk of the car actually used to be a wooden trunk too. You too have a good one :)
 Yeah, I liked that movie. That is CRAZY! Great film, Hopkins is a good actor. Well, nice chatting with you!
 Did you know that you can actually put a flamethrower on your car if you live in South Africa? I think that's really awesome, it's so cold in Michigan and my driveway is Frozen that I would love to have a flamethrower right now LOL
 I remember my then girlfriend, now wife, calling me at 2 am not being able to sleep and freaked out about a horror film she watched. HAHAHA
 I can see that. I was scared for bambi and the mom. I wonder if disney used a waterphone?
 Not personally but I have seen his movies!
 It is! He has had so many wonderful movies though, I can see it.
 I never saw that one. I did see toy story and a lot of others. He was so good!
 Agreed. It has been great chatting with you!
 that is way awesome! I would love for my car to have a flame thrower.
 That would be an interesting movie. Like Cars meet Fury Road...
 Yes they would nee a lot of waterphone instruments to make all the metallic noises
 We could release it on Valentines day like the silence of the lambs.
 I don't but I'd be willing to learn for that kind of cash. as long as it didnt end up like the movie trojan wars that only earned $309 in box office...
 HA! Yeah, that would be a failure. Treasure planet too! We just need Tom Hanks.
 I think it was the inspiration from Wilson. He's been doing great ever since he met that volleyball.
 haha does wilson get royalties?
 Sounds awesome! I'd probably be more active if I lived there.
 I like how Steve Smith from the NFL promoted a cause for the homeless. He left his shoes on the field after ever game to raise awareness for this cause.
 I'm good.  How are you?
 Blockbuster did not want to buy Netflix now they are not around anymore while Netflix worth over $2B.
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 i actually haven't seen it,  but its an interesting fact!
 Those are really nice places, hopefully you make it there some day!
 Haha! I would be interested in buying Nevada if the price was right. :) It's almost a good thing that we have so many people doing so many things. It tests the system, which should bring about changes for good. But is also funny, when a man can get away with selling the Eiffel tower twice!
 I had fun chatting with you this evening! Take care! Hasta la vista, baby!
 Thanks for the pleasant chat! :)
 That is terrible. I am grateful for James Wong pioneering the wide lens angle though.
 No, I did not.  The whole subject of movies never ceases to be interesting to me!
 Yes me as well. Disney even considered shutting down their animation studio after that. So glad they didn't!
 I'm glad too.  Well it was nice talking, take care!
 Yes, Donald glover. I remember watching him in Community! I loved that show.
 I honestly do not know. Not huge Justin Bieber fans around here lol
 Wow, that's a good accomplishment. That is a great foundation to support.
 Agreed. So anytime someone bags on him, I bring that up and then they feel bad about bagging on him.
 Good way to stick up for him! Just because we don't like someone's music doesn't make him a bad person. That proves it right there :)
 Great attitude! I am not a fan of his music or pop celebrity in general but I try to be nice about it.
 I do! I love me some dogs!
 I didn't know that. I had a st bernard so I love big dogs!
 Me too. Plus I am 6'6" and would look rediculous with a tiny dog. Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Does she live in New York because if she does, I may know her area code.
 Is it 212? It's new yorks because it is the fastest to dial!
 Clearly nothing compared to my phone! I just recorded my baby dancing to her favorite song.  
 He's 2 and a half.  Babies smile more when they hit the beat...and it's so true.  I think he might be a great dancer like Michael Jackson. 
 It does.  He was such a brilliant man though.  I would have loved to meet the man who has given so much to the literature world.  Plus, I'd tell him thanks for creating my name, Olivia.
 Ha! He also invented Miranda and Jessica but forget them...
 I hope so. Nice chatting with you!
 I do. From 9 pm to 12 am, Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America. I am part of it, haha.
 All the time. How bout you.
 I believe it. I know every time I need to learn how to do something, thats where I go to.
 I havnt checked that out yet. Bet its like cops for the new age. 
 I believe that as well. I go through spurts with netflix. Ill watch it for awhile and then get rid of it for awhile. 
 The first YouTube video ever uploaded was of a man talking about an elephant. It has sure come a long way.
 Seems like a whole lot of money, but I would say they came out ahead on that one.
  It sure does help with working on the cars.
 Did you know that in 2007 youtube consumed as much bandwith as the rest of the internet.
 I heard that. They made it to accommodate soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 It sure changed the game for fast food restaurants.
 I didn't know that. Have a good one.
 Seriously! Nice chatting with you, too! Have a great day!
 Computing power doubles every year or two, so I'm not surprised. Well, I enjoyed talking with you!
 Oh ok I need to read up on that to stay informed! Thanks for the great insight!
 very true..hopeful that is.....his work still important and being taught all over the world. Love that it has to many translations across the world for all the read
 I love Hamlet. Have a quote tatted on me. Also with the name themed, I am too name after a Shakespeare  Character...my name is Portia. Tru fact!
 very cool. Having any dance experience. I did a lot of that in school to. Very fun to learn most arts have too. MJ and Tupac to name a few
 All it is is Movements in the sense of telling a story. Anyone can do that with commitment. Babies are the best at it! they smile when ever the beat hits
 It does require a lot of dedication although I guess that can count for any hobby you want to get good at. Babies are so innocent and fun its cool how they recognize music.
 Yes in today's age the fact that we have technology like iPhone's that have more computing power than the entire us nuclear ICBM deterrent is mind blowing. I look forward to the technological advancement in the future.
 Same.  Heard about the Unicef making a donation of clean water to every min you use your cell phone. That can make a big difference in the world
 That is another fact that I can't believe they do, it must be so helpful for the people in need in struggling countries that they help donate clean water facts like that make me have faith in humanity.
 Growing themes of love and compassion learned from the minds of Shakespeare im sure has bleed into out hearts to help people.
 Yes I think Shakespeare was very popularized and people learn a lot of love and romance from his works so that is a good thing.
 work to live on and inspire people for change and growth for years to come
 I may have een something about that on facebook. Though I havent seen the video. I think it had something like 18 million views in 48 hours.
 So have you seen the video. Do you know what the overall message is? 
 I use youtube every day. If I need to fix my car or learn to do just about anything I go to youtube. As well as just about every trip in the car we are listening to music through youtube.
 Yeah, it's great for that.  I do that a lot too. I guess the police like it to.  They have their own channel called "BluTube". 
 Never heard of that before. Wonder if it is a youtube affiliate or something else entirely.
 I would say google is number one. If that is the case google is doing pretty well considering they bought youtube in 2006
 I think they actually strappped a trunk to the back of their cars so they had a place to put their belongings. Which is actually the reason we call the trunk the trunk.
 They probably edited those parts out huh. Lol.
 Hmm. Thats interesting. I heard about two high school students who rode their horses to school on no vehicles to school day. Lol. They got suspended for it.
 Ah yes, Association Football. Good entertainment for sure in about 200 countries. Are you a player?
 Yup. Interesting that in Association football, players are not allowed to touch the ball with their ands while in playing field. This is hugely different from NFL. 
 It is strange also that soccer makes more money than football, baseball, golf, tennis,. and hockey combined! Maybe the Super bowl isn't so Super?
 ya that is wild, I think it's nice that a German soccer player donated his world cup winnings to pay for the surgeries of 23 children in Brazil
 Nice. I recently learned that Jon Stewart, the comedian, is a skilled soccer player. I wonder if he has donated some of his earnings to the unfortunate.
 ya I wonder that too, I guess Jon represented the USA in the soccer games in 1983 so he must have been pretty good
 Have you ever watched the version of soccer where three teams square off against each other at the same time? It would be like two teams and a mischievous referee crew.
 I love nintento. 54 colors or black and white.
 Makes me feel old.  Not as old a Ronald Reagan. You know he once was rejected from a movie role because he did seem presidential enough? Trump would never get the role...
 Nice. I wonder if he was wearing an arrow on his head? 
 Hail Caesar! When he visited Britain, he noted the propensity of brits to love their chicken,,,not for dinner but for entertainment. That was a nugget of trivia for you. 
 $4 for a Big Mac, but $25 for the ride to the McDs. We, at least they can used motorized vehicle there. On Mackinac Island, motorized vehicles are banned.
 We could look it up but that might be going on a "wild-goose chase"!
 Haha. He was certainly a prolific writer. Never boring, either. He even invented names.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hello, yes I have had one since 1997
 Awesome, I have had one since 1999. 
 Reed Hastings started Netflix after he racked up $40 in late fees for a VHS!!
 I just watched BirdBox! It was interesting! My kids like to watch Boss Baby. 
 Have you watched Peaky Blinders? That's a really good show, also! 
 It's based in a different country. They are kind of like gang members that make a living off of Horse races. It's definetely not a show for children. If you ever get free time, you should watch it!
 Oh ok.  That sounds interesting. 
 Do you watch, Keeping up with the Kardashians?
 No, I do not.  Do you?
 Hi! Seen any good movies lately?
 I watched Stargate last week. I loved that movie, and the resulting TV series!  I really enjoyed the humor, the characters, and the cinematography
 I enjoyed the TV series too. I am not one to usually embrace remakes of original movies, but the TV series added much to the story and characters to make it interesting. One TV series that did NOT go well as a remake was the UK remake of That 70s Show. It was canned after 10 episodes. Epic fail!
 Some TV shows just go on forever and will never be remade, like Pokemon, that aired over 750 episodes over 16 years. That would be too many episodes to remake!
 Even Thomas the Tank Engine has over 150 episodes, although they did switch narrators a few times.  Ringo Star, George Carlin, and even Alec Baldwin each filmed over 50 episodes ...
 Yeah. Do you like the Simpsons?
 Simpsons have been successful for many years. Disney has put out a lot of successful films too over the years, but also a few major flopos. Did you know that Disney considered closing down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty was such a box office bomb?  Now, everyone seeems to have seen that movie at one time or another.
 Exactly!  Did you ever see the film, Treasure Planet?
 No. Based on the box office numbers, it doesn't sound like many people did watch it. If only they had Tom Hanks in it...
 With over $8 billion in film earnings, Hanks has done so many great films  A couple memorable ones: Castaway and Forest Gump.  Nice chatting with you!
 I am. I don't watch a lot of films these days, so I need to find a good streaming service and get back in the habit. How about you?
 Yeah, and Captain Marvel has done really well despite all the GamerGate/ComicsGatepeople who were trying to sabotage it.
 Same -- take care!
 In watching the video about him moonwalking they mention that after his performance he got a congratulatory letter from Fred Astaire. He said it was the best letter he received in his career.
 yes it was nice to chat with you as well!
 I'm a huge YouTube fan!  Love it!  I watch a lot business and entrepreneur videos on there.  Do you like it?
 Yes.  I think I watch it more than I watch regular tv now.  It's also the 2nd largest search engine on the internet.
 Neat.  Along with Netflix, Youtube makes up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  That shows a lot of people like to watch video.  lol
 Google paid 1.65 billion for youtube in 2006.  Holy smokes!  That's a lot of cashola.
 True.  The most disliked youtube video is Justin Bieber's "Baby".  I think that's more of a cultural backlash of people who weren't fans of his rather than people truly not liking the video.
 That has a nice ring to it.  I didn't know that.  Psy's Gangnam style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 That's a lot of bandwidth!  Did you know that McDonalds didn't have drive-thru's until 1975?
 That makes sense.  Cars use to carry wooden trunks on the back of them and that's how the word trunk came about for the back of a car.
 That's neat!  I always wondered where the name came from.  Do you like horses?
 I wonder. So I know you said you do not use your phone a lot. People like you can help kid without clean water as UNICEF donates a day of clean water per minute people do not use their cell phones.
 Yes, it is great and so durable. Even though the cables on the ocean floor are only 2.7 inches around they carry phone and internet data effectively. 
 I agree. He donated 300,000 Euros to pay for the surgeries of 23 children in Brazil. That's so commendable. 
 yeah I know. Talk about Allen Iverson being set for life pretty much
 Yup it sure, does, he is taken care of for sure. nice chat
 Ah well, the only one I have watched in that list is shining. I think that watching horror films is a lazy way to lose calories!
 Yeah, just throw one of those bikes in front  of your TV and watch the horror film at the same time! Simple.
 I like the internet. Did you know that everyone in finland has the right to have internet connection?
 And there is 3g of cell service at the top of mount Everest. I guess you could instantly upload a picture of yourself up there.
 Great chat! Thanks for you time!
 You too!
 haha because there are only 300. And they're likely a little odd. There's a superhero called "Normalman," who doesn't have any superpowers.
 Have a good evening. 
 Ha ha I am right there with you. It is like a drug. The three horizontal line menu on apps and website is called a hamburger button. That makes me hungry just thinking about it.
 Perhaps they do. Did you know the current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the Internet?
 Yes cause you know it's coming. Another thing that you should do after watching a horror movie is viewing abstract art because you'll enjoy it more. Great talking with you too hope you have a good one.
 I usually only watch live sports and the occassional movie. I find that I can work with sports on in the background and still keep focus on what I need to do. There's 62 laps left so 138...
 That's why it's sports and not something by stanley kubrick!
 Speaking of cinematography, roger deakins has been nominated 13 times for the oscar and never won! Cough***Susan Luchy***Cough
 HAHAHA. That's ok. I don't watch soap operas and it was always news when she didn't win. She eventually won and it took all the joy out of it. 
 That reminds me of Leonardo DiCaprio repeatedly being nominated for an Oscar and never winning until just a few years ago. It ruined all the jokes!
 I know! Stupid academy ruined all the jokes. Think about the jokes once in a while! I don't even like awards shows so I am not sure how I know about that stuf..
 I almost never watch award shows. I just get corrupted by all the jokes I see on the internet about them afterwards.
 Nice. I feel so old watching the music ones. I have no idea who any of those acts are. So different from when I was growing up.
 It's a crossroads! I look at my mortality whenever the VMAs come on. Who the hell are these people?
 I am! I like that he is involved with charity!
 I think it is funny that judge judy is the next highest paid celebrity after him. 
 yes i like jazz , thats one thing i have in common with my favorite actor which is Clint Eastwood
 Yes I love love the Jazz-rock fusion era, it wit first aperared in the 1960s
 I can but my great grandfather that was in world war 2 could he use to tell us stories of soldiers who did that exact thing when I was a kid.
 Are you talking about the famous sex therapist, I would love to see that also so she is so funny.
 Yes it seems like they have a station for every type of music you could possibly want. I like the variety because you get tired of hearing the same songs over and over.
 It's important to expose yourself to different cultures and music is an easy and fun way to do that. I know that I've enjoyed listening to a lot of acts from different parts of the world.
 I listen to a few true crime podcasts and few interview based ones. I would recommend Stuff They Didn't Teach You and 99% Invisible. It was fun talking with you, have a great day!
 I guess. I have never been there though. I hear its nice.
 That sounds interesting. I think I would go for the museums.
 Baltimore, which is nearby DC, has the Baltimore Museum of Arts. It is really good. 
 I have to check it out. 
 Are you into jazz music.
 Have you heard the Pakistani jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts.
 I like the trumpeters. They only grow those goatees because it makes playing more comfortable.
 Not really.
 Maybe you should read the depressing poem that if you read in reverse, it is positive. It would cheer you up. 
 I think i would always just read it backwards lol.
 What is a palendrone.
 Learn something every day huh.
 Yeah that's not very much. Somebody made a lot more than that off it.
 thank u , have a nice day
 Thats pretty good money if you can stay busy. I would have thought the guys on the radio made more money than what you say. As much money there is in advertising.
 I think that would be my downfall in it. I dont have a problem talking into a microphone, but watching my words might be a different story. I imagine that not even seeming to be a job. 
 No problem. You seem like you have had an interesting life. Or at least work life. I appreciate the conversation. I learned a little bit from it, and thought it was very interesting.
 You to thanks for the conversation.
 Yeah me too. Have you heard of the singer Lorde?
 Yeah I guess that would be fitting since she is so young. I used to listen to her first album songs too. Quite different really
 Yeah, I really love their music. Too bad about the lead singer, they had so much potential as a band
 True. Same with the Ramones, toured for almost non stop for 20 years. That must have been tough.
 With that many concerts I would not be surprised
 Haha very true. Too bad not all concerts are awesome like this. I mean Creed was sued for bad performance
 So true, nothing wrong in taking some tips from other, especially in this industry. I guess same goes for dancers too
 Yeah and the images of their feet are not too pretty but what a passion. I guess they enjoy it as much as babies do.
 Never seen a baby dance except on Ally McBeal. I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Really? I love Pink Floyd so I know the greatness of that album but I also know the entire catelog is good
 Save your time... Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 That's a lot of hotel stays. I bet they have a lot of Marriot points. Since artists make most of their money on shows, strike while the iron is hot!
 I can only imagine. Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label. So petty and I love it!
 I look at stuff like that little jaded, I guess. In croatia, there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue Kinda like red rocks...
 HA! I know how expensive sporting shoes are so I really hope they're cheap!
 Another popular album is Dark Side of teh Moon. It was released more than 40 years ago but was still a best selling album in 2014.
 Seems like a pretty cool show. She used her own heartbeat as the dance rhythm in one song.
 I do not believe I have actually listened to her music. I like how her concert made her seem really human, emphasizing her joys, fears and mistakes.
 Haha, that is true I would be happy to burn 100!  I think I liked the Friday the 13th series the best.  The music was great in that and scary.
 Yup, that is true.  Great chatting with you too!
 You too!
 I do but I am not passionate about any of them. I really just like spending time with my family as my hobby... What about you, do you have any hobbies?
 I do like to travel with my family. We like to go to hotels with pools, like the Wisconsin Dells. Where have you been that is fun?
 I like car, unless it is far, then plane. But I hate traveling by plane. That turbulance is too much for me.
 That would be fun. There's an ancient roman amphitheatre in Croatia! You should go there.
 I remember that! Nice chatting with you!
 Hello. Have you ever been laid off or let go from your job? Not fun, but sometimes these kind of situations can have hidden blessings.
 EEK!  Planes are nice to travel the world, but not the neighborhood. I heard that the first king to travel the globe was King Kalakaua of Hawaii. I don't think he took a plane either.
 Now that would require a bit of traveling!  It reminds me of the Ramones, a group that played over 2000 concerts, but that was over the course of 20 years.
 I think it was in Pompeii, I remember hearing about that from someone! Someday i want to go to Croatia and see the old ancient roman amphitheatre
 Oh, nice. Would have to wear a toga? They say a concert is a live music performance, but in a place like that, there might be a few ghosts!
 They would have to be pretty desparate to put one out on the mound, but who knows.... I heard that baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are shocked to find out that it is considered "America's game"
 Canada? O wonder if they have soccer-baseball cards too. I once heard of a guy who founda stash of old baseball cards in his attic, and it turned out that they were old cards from the 1900 worth over three million dollars!  Makes me want to clean my attic!
 Nice. Well, thanks for the chat. Cherrio!
 That's hilarious and cute too! That's way more fun than baseball! Maybe they would find kickball, or as Canadians call it, Soccer-Baseball a bit more interesting?
 I prefer the traditional flights, especially when you are half way through a budget flight thinking to yourself that you should have spent the extra.  Still, I can you the money I saved to see a good concert.
 That movie was fantastic. It was the first movie to be shot with digital IMAX cameras and I feel like I noticed a difference.
 I did but I can't seem to recall the character. I like that the original actor who played the Hulk, Lou Ferrigno continues to offer who voice to the character for decades.
 Oh that is kind of interesting. Have you heard about Blue ear? He was a superhero created to put the anxiety of a four-year-old boy at ease.
 That is fantastic. I heard the boy did not want to wear his hearing aids because superheroes do not wear them, so they created a character for him. How wonderful.
 You too. Keep enjoying tv and movies and be so excited for the next Superhero film.
 Sounds great thanks you too! Bye!
 hello, I agree, what do you think about Afghanistan's parliamentary election ?
 holy smoke it sounds like a wild, scary situation.  it's a positive situation that they accomplished the mission and a lot of courage was shown by the voters.  
 yes it is... Kabul police said, a suicide bomber attempted to enter a polling station on the northern outskirts of the capital, then detonated his explosives when police tried to stop him, killing at least 10 civilian voters and five police officers, can you even imagine how people live like this?
 when i try to imagine it i'm just thankful that by pure luck i don't have to go through such a mess in order to cast my vote.  amazing.
 i'm proud of all the people who made the effort.  it shows me that they value the process of voting.  they knew it would be risky but they took the chance and went out to vote.  
 yes definitely! And plus Many who managed to cast votes described scenes of frenzied confusion and disorganization, with ballot boxes missing and names recorded wrong, how can this even be possible... 
 incredible.  this is a whole new thing for them; a new process; but people showed great patience.  it was critical for them not to be deterred.  a real  learning experience for them.
 The head of the Free and Fair Election Forum of Afghanistan, Mohammad Yousuf Rasheed, said the monitoring group was pleased that people wanted to come out and vote despite the security threats, but we were disappointed to see the lack of preparation by the election commission staff and the threats by local power brokers in some provinces that influenced people to vote for them, what do you think?
 i can't really blame the election commission staff.  this is a whole new thing for them and they knew that they were at risk.  if and when something like this happens again they will surely be better prepared.  amazing.
 yes i guess i agree with you, and plus Many voters expressed strong enthusiasm for the election, which they described as a chance to bring fresh faces and new ideas to the political arena
 and compare that with the U.S. where so many take the whole process for granted.  if we want to, we just go to the polls, vote, without any thought of risk or threats.  it really makes me think about all that we take for granted here.
 Yes, I absolutely agree with you... it is frustrated. So Women voted at separate sites... can you imagine 
 unfortunately yes, there was a lot of struggle for women's votes but right now it is good for our country. 
 Yes but as for women's votes, the changes has been for good. Also one more thing to add, In Qarabagh, a town north of Kabul, voters blocked the highway in protest after election materials failed to arrive by midday.One joke circulating on social media suggested that more people would be deprived of voting in so-called safe areas than in regions under Taliban control, where the danger forced hundreds of polling stations to be shuttered in advance.
 yes that's for sure. Elections have been the usual mechanism by which modern representative democracy has operated since the 17th century. Did you participate in the last elections?
 I totally understand You. It was nice to chat to you about elections and voting.
 Wow that is really special!  Expanded universes are popular now.  Marvel tv shows are including Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
 That's awesome. Some of them were called foxhole radios. 
 That's very neat. According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
 Or Celine Dion! It was nice chatting with you, have a good night!
 Hello. How are you?
 Yeah, and it's kind of funny because soccer actually pays more than all those sports.
 Yeah, my parents went there last year and they said it's a very beautiful country, but it's so expensive though. It is said that all of japans highways are tolls, and it costs more than 300$ to travel across the country. I like traveling, but not that much. 
 I am more of a Virginia beach kind of person. I like the water.
 Yeah, I love the beach also! I like going to Hawaii when I get the chance (even though I haven't gone for a few years). Did you know that the first king to travel around the world was king kalakaua of hawaii?
 Yes. I had read that somewhere. That is what I call travel.
 Oh really? That's cool! I heard that Iceland also has no public rail service and that most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns.
 Same to you.
 I like the idea of the coaches encouraging like you said before.  I think the whole thing makes better players.
 Definitely.  It seems very empowering for the kids all the way around.
 Well I didn't hear about that, what happened? I do know about the player who donated his World Cup bonus though, it was about $300,000 and he helped to pay for 23 surgeries for young children
 Well they don't allow cars or anything like that, you're only allowed to travel by horse essentially, I'm allergic to horses so I didn't like it when I went there, the whole island smells like horse poop LOL
 Yeah and his name was Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac hence the name. Nice chatting with you
 I heard about that! It's going to travel at 160 miles per hour! I hope that they can come out with that, I would rather do that than go through airport security again LOL
 Yes it's in Michigan actually. Which is where I'm from. They don't allow cars on the island, they only allow horses and horse-drawn buggies. I'm allergic to horses so I just smelled horse poop and was sneezing the whole time LOL
 He stopped for every request fora selfie in the Wundergarten. That's so nice.
 Yeah to help out the soldiers, that was kind of them. Nice chat
 ohhh I think I getr what you are talking about now, you mean like a fantasy book, or movie? those have always been popular for sure, but some people are way strong supporters lol and become believers of like harry potter 
 omg wait a second i almost cried when they said the big bang theory is ending soon lol, just to get things straight are you talking about the big bang theory on TV with Sheldon cooper?
 omg i love it. who is your favorite actor in the show?
 lol i just relate to him because i am an artist too lol, but i love penny ohh yeah lol. do you know some people even get big rewards from their fantasy work? like Terry Pratchett, he got knited for his work
 yeah thats why i think everyone can relate to fantasy like the janator in Chicago who wrote 6 years a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor illustrations thats sick right?
 people are really talented be it fashion, the Victoria secrets of this world, right?
 omg i usually go there to buy myself some things i wlways buy a gift card and not the victoria secret merchandise, all of us men feel awkward being in there lol. 
 Lol yeah that's right! Sounds like real life Twisted Metal if you ask me. 
 For sure. Good talking to you!
 Full House? I like that show lol, well its the home to the 49ers
 Yes, I am from there actually. I actually love Fisherman's wharf
 That's funny. I'd love to sip coffee in that area in San Francisco. I guess there are a few coffee shops.
 Right. I'd love to pick up a few books at the Russian Hill bookstore as well.
 I agree. I can also find some pretty weird or hard to find items. I love it but can buy too much if I do not pay attention!
 Pretty good thanks, i didnt know that
 Yeah, they trust everything online!
 That is so ridiculous. hahaha A saved copy hahaha
 I guess Mt Everest needs to upgrade to 4G now, huh? hahaha
 WOW, i wonder if there is cell service at the bottom of the ocean?
 That's interesting to hear and they think that An earth day was only 5.5 hrs long when the Earth was formed.
 That's possible but of course we will never know for sure since man wasnt around yet to watch the earth be created
 Yeah it is but luckily man knows how to plant trees to help restore it all.
 Well, i'm sure other animals dont have the capacity to know how so i am sure we will be
 hahaha yeah that would be the day
 hello how are you today ?
 Baseball is the one of the favourite sports of US. In mid of 1850 baseball is the craze hit in the New York area.
 Yeah are you a baseball fan.
 I like it. Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in canada.
 Really I didnt know that. Did you know that managers in baseball wear uniforms because they are allowed to play if the team needs them.
 That is true. Did you know baseball is very popular in Japan.
 It also American's national pastime. It is derived from the cricket which the national sports in England.
 Yeah it is so popular in Jaapan that they are surprised about that .
 Netflix is an American media service which offers online streaming of a library of films and television program.
 Do you watch a lot of netflix.
 Yes. It is available all over the world except china, North Korea, Syria. Initial they offered only DVD sales and rental by mail, Netflix expanded the business in 2007.
 Yeah I heard it was started because the founder racked up 40 dollar late fees on a copy of apollo 13
 Yes, Netflix and Youtube together make up half to internet traffic in the north america. Mostly people use both entertainment media to watch latest news and short videos. 
 I know I use it an awful lot.
 Yeah the theater is so expensive and netflix is pretty cheap.
 Netflix entered into the next level for the production industry in 2012, the first series is Lilyhammer. Its very interesting one.
 Havnt heard of that. Whats it about.
 Do you like watching concerts?
 Yeah but I dont go to too many of them.
 Concerts are held in variety of place from night clubs to large multipurpose buildings.
 Yeah do you go to a lot of concerts.
 Some what. Pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii.
 Yeah I heard there wasnt even an audience at it. 
 Yes. Concerts were already being performed as long ago as the ancient Greek period.
 So true. Well you have a good day ok. Gotta get to work.
 My 16 year old son said nobody that age is on FB now. 
 Mark Zuckerberg has tons of money and wanted to fight off snapchat so a couple of billion is nothing compared to the income coming in. 
 No i did not can you tell me more?
 That is pretty cool I have to admit, just didnt think Iceland would use such an american company. 
 I don't really watch it or cnn, not sure what to watch these day. Do you?
 Is it supposed to be left leaning or right leaning, I never get that straight. 
 I have been watching the simpsons since they were on Tracy Ullmans show. Forgot they were on Fox, but not their news channel.
 The simpsons wanted to sue FNC, why?
 Hi, Do you think Facebook is useful for everyone?
 People are all in this together. But this is good and bad.
 Yes, i think  The social network was implicated in a third of all divorce filings last year. 
 Of course this is a sad thing. But they are interested in disseminating themselves on social networks.
 It is. I have actually informed people that they are spreading false information and if they continue to do it I have unfriended people. On the inclusive side of Facebook, they have 56 custom gender options.
 This is true. But this should explain to those who spread misinformation.
 Yes, But this was the result of the change of time.
 I do not know about it too.
 I think this is a best game in the world. 
 I think, The Washington Generals are an American basketball team, best known for their spectacular losing streak in exhibition games against the Harlem Globetrotters. 
 Oh! that's interesting. The Globetrotters don't tone down their defense.
 Okay, that's nice. thank you very much.
 You are very welcome. 
 Wow that is some serious business people at work there. 
 I agree, it's crazy that Netflix takes up about one-third of all internet traffic in North America though
 Haha you just need a good idea, and yes it was Reed Hastings who is charged that $40 for turning Apollo 13 and late LOL what a good idea
 Yep I agree with you on that. Do you ever go traveling by the way? I want to go to Denmark and ride the bus that goes 160 miles per hour LOL
 That sounds like a relaxing place, to take a deep breath and just forget about everything, I like that kind of trips
 and I guess soccer-baseball is what canada calls kickball, that seems like a dumber name haha
 I saw a couple of dinosaur groups last year... Dead&Company and Elton John.  There were a lot of people at each.
 I love youtube. Created back in 2005 it wasn't always so big but sure is now!
 Concerts are a lot of fun. I prefer the smaller concerts and nightclub as opposed to big arenas or large parks. It is more intimate.
 I totally agree.  It's nice to get up close to the person or band you want to see rather than being hundreds of feet away.
 Exactly. In Croatia there is an ancient Roman amphitheater that is still in use as a concert venue. That would be a cool place to see a concert.
 I was really hoping to make it to Imagine Dragons concert but will have to wait and see when I can catch them in the next two to three months. How about you?
 Hi! I am good thanks! That is very interesting! I love concerts and wish I could have seen Linkin Park.
 What! crazy lol.......Did you know that astronauts have better internet in space than we do!
 Wow, doubt that ever happens but that's cool! Do you ever watch YouTube at all?
 That is dedication, I should imagine they had no family commitments.  If they did I would assume they had no family by the end of it.  There were several bands I'd always see in concert every time they came around.
 In the age of the internet and Youtube you can do one show and then broadcast it.  Still, there is nothing like being up close and personal with the music.
 I mean, they still claim planes are the safest mode of transportation. As per Japan, it is so true that you have to pay for every road you use, but honestly their infrastructure is crazy good
 So true. You as well. 
 Good morning! How are you today? Do you like to travel?
 I'm good and yes I like to travel.
 Did you know that Mackinac island island, MI has banned motorized vehicles for over a hundred years?
 I didn't but sounds like a neat place to go visit.  I would like to get on one a commuter bus that the Dutch have created that goes 160 mph.
 I wouldn't be able to afford the $300 in tolls it would cost to see all of Japan.
 With no rail service available to the public, I would have to hop on one of those planes that most Icelanders without cars do and fly from town to town.
 Too much probably.  I would like to like be like King Kalakaua.  He was the first king to travel around the world. 
 Yes.  I like to hear the stories about such as how Michael Caine became and actor because all the pretty girls in his school were in drama class.
 If I made $700,000 per episode like he did, I would be the fastest retired person in my neighborhood.
 I would too!! I think it's cool that there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free.
 That would be like candy for my ears.  Jon Hamm was a high school drama teacher.  He taught Ellie Kemper, who played Erin from the Office.
 I haven't heard about him lately.  What has he been up to?
 He has a good idea.  There is too much negativity in the world.
 Nice chatting with you too.
 I do like to travel, what about you?
 That's crazy fast. Iceland needs to learn from them. They don't have a public rail service and have to use domestic flights.
 That is expensive. The first king to travel the world was King Kalakaua of Hawaii.
 I love Hawaii, Very cold in D.C. in January. Do you use an Amazon Alexa device. Good for  getting the latest forecast.
 No I don't have one, but I heard Jeff Bezos built a clock in a mountain!
 Yeah I do shop at amazon.
 That's a lot of walking. Amazon's first customer got a building named after him.
 Yeah, Amazon has a contract with the usps.
 I think reading is great. Do you know who Anne Jones is?
 Yeah I know! She can read 4,700 words per minute. 
 I bet so! Cs Lewis and Tolkien would hold competitions when reading terrible poetry to see who would laugh first!
 I believe I have seen that somewhere, it is interesting.
 I know, I believe Amazon has owned Imdb since 1998.
 I haven't recently. Have you?
 Oh really, you didn't know? I've bought their baby wipes and they work just as well!
 Yeah, very scary! It was great chatting with you, have a good day!
 Yes, I think alot of us are. lol, I too book hotels with amazing bathrooms!
 You too! Enjoy your day!!
 The dutch is creating a commuter bus that can travel 160mph.  Do you know if the project is started already?
 Amazon is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company which was founded in 1994.
 Have a great day. They are the largest internet retailer in the world after Alibaba group in term of total sales.
 I'm guessing that is because Alibaba 's market is China.   I find I use Amazon for much of what I do.
 We can buy any product on Amazon from different parts of the world. All the products are  available under one single roof. They're delivering at the correct time.
 US postal service has a contract with amazon to deliver your packages on sunday. This shows how people are using online shopping.
 It is very difficult for the workers, but the company can take necessary steps to solve the problems.
 Yes. I also like Reading books, It is process of language to share the information and ideas.
 You like reading novels.
 Reading is the good habit, slowly means your absorbing the content very nicely. Super habit.
 He had good grazing power. I think it possible by practice.
 My daughter loves to read, she reads very quickly, I am always at the library getting her books, she like CS Lewis at the moment.
 I love to read comics book from Marvel, Superhero subject is liked by every one. Your are a good parent also. All the best.
 She loves comics too, like I say, she will read anything.  She likes Amazon gift cards as they allow her to buy any book she wants.
 Delightful, we should encourage our kids reading habits that make them very alert in studies also.
 We all need more time for reading and also, possibly, travel.
 Which mode of travelling do you like?
 I like trains, it's easy to sit and read as the world passes by.  Have a good day, Goodbye.
 Very nice to chatting with you. God bless.
 Hi I am good. No I did not
 I know. These days its so high per episode its crazy
 Thanks you too
 Hello.Do you like traveling and what is the most important thing for you while choosing hotel?
 I like clean, located in the center and breakfast included hotels, not smelly ones lol do you book with expedia?
 Yes and very good customer service. I used that much that now I am a gold member happily. Have you heard about Huno.com, an Australian hotel booking site, found that dirty rooms, uncomfortable beds and bad service topped the list of guest annoyances?
 yes very, nowadays Hotels strip their signature scents, air fresheners and smelly soaps from those rooms so you can breathe freely, which is good in my opinion
 No I also use laptop. to bring your own wireless hotspot to the hospital, can you imagine how bad the wifi should be in that case
 yes exactly. Railroad House Inn in Marietta, Pa is a very bad choice or instance
  Sometimes, the only solution to a hotel annoyance is to walk away from the problem. 
 I think in good hotels no, in the bad low quality hotels yes lol And while discussing about internet previously, did you know that The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?
 yes lol and did you know that The current library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down? 
 yes really, So do you like to travel? What is the best destination for you that you have ever traveled?
 lol :) It was nice to chat to you, every day I do the task a lot of times, still didn't get paid, all are pending lol hope that this is not scam
 enjoy the holidays! it's not a scam i promise :) 
 Hi, yes, I am.  Are you?
 Yeah I sure am, I think nature in general is amazing. 
 Yeah they would have at least found a carcass at some point.  But it's been nice chatting, I hope you have a good day!
 Yeah man! I would like totally upload my brain bro! I'm immortal! Yeaaahh!
 My kids are in 5th grade and they can tell time on a standard clock.  And I switched all of our digital clocks to military time so they have to do math!
 I'm for computers in the class room to an extent and at an age appropriate level.  My kids are learning safe searching techniques and how to type and create reports on the computer now
 I'm still reading facts related to telephone and internet.  I want to discuss the topic further but I've got to run now to take my grand kids to a park.  Great chat!
 Just play it in your car and scare everyone you drive by?
 Wow! Nice chatting with you!
 have you been to Hall in Springfield Mass?
 Ohh I see, its common for pro players to have family play like seth curry and mychel thompson brothers of steph curry played in the back court together 
 omg they get paid too much, can he get paid in a lump sum?
 OMG all players are tall, I think its a requirement for them to be good at the game. 
 ohh Yeah that's Fascinating, Yeah I know Tim Duncan of San Antonio spurs 
 He is my favorite player because of his talent on the course and his personality off the course.
 Exactly.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 YOU TOO HAPPY HOLIDAYS 
 bye
 Lol, i guess it really is the highest court in the land
 Oh man.  Could you imagine that in the US?  That wouldn't fly.  The US Supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "The highest court in the land".
 I actually remember that and remember him for his hook shot.  In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college basketball or football coach.
 haha now that's irony there.  Out of the 30 teams in the NBA I think my favorite would have to be the Boston Celtics.
 Nice!  Always wondered how he got away with wearing those while on the court.  Did you hear about that big lifetime endorsement deal that Allen Iverson signed?
 Yes!  I like the 32 million lump sum payment.  That's an incredible deal!  
 I can't see how they could recoup that much money.  lol  Tim Duncan of the Spurs passed up big money to go to college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA.
 Lets talk about the Golden state warriors which are based in Oakland California. They play home games in the Oracle Arena
 I like the Golden State Warriors too!  I remember the time in 1975 when they had to play at the Cow Palace because their normal arena at the time...The Oakland arena...had booked other events.
 I remember reading about that.  I think my favorite player on the Warriors is Steph Curry.  his brother Seth played for the Santa Cruz Warriors in 2013.  He isn't as good as his brother.
 Interesting stat!  I have to get running.  It's been a good chat!
 I was a fan of Macbeth and of Taming of the Shrew. A lot of these plays have inspired modern movies.
 The movie 10 Things I Hate About You is a modern retelling of it. I also really enjoyed the Leonardo DiCaprio version of Romeo and Juliet.
 I did catch a little bit of that movie but did not watch all of it. Starship Troopers was a fun movie.
 That would be hilarious!
 I like the Cleveland Cavaliers. I live in Cincinnati. 
 I must be nice to have that kind of money.  I respect that Tim Duncan who sacrificed money to play college.  Not many do that.
 I wouldn't say I was a fan, but I admire any team that is a successful as them.
 I wish someone would sponsor me with what I'm doing!  Nice talking to you, have a good day.
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm old enough to remember that! Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  You seem like you like basketball, alot.  Hope your Warriors do well, wherever they end up playing! Enjoy the rest of your day.
 Hey there. Do you like basketball? I love how the NBA is the premier basketball league in the world.
 Yeah I think you're right. Also surprising that the inventor of basketball wasn't a good coach at Kansas. In fact he was the worst! Well it was fun talking with you today! 
 That is interesting. They seem like worlds apart time wise. Shakespeare wrote 39 plays but think how many movies are based on his plays such as West Side Story and 10 Things I Hat About You.
 He is truly a visionary. Romeo and Juliet was definitely a classic!
 They definitely can get a bit depressing. Lately, they don't have happy endings. I do find it amusing that Michael Caine went into acting because the pretty girls were in those classes. 
 I would imagine so. But it seems like he did a lot of good because one of his students became an actress in the office! I had fun talking with you today.
 You as well stay safe!
 Sounds right. Did you know Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA but Jordan wore them and the team paid the fine.
 Basketball season is upon us, And even the Supreme Court is playing the game. Did you know that the top floor of the Supreme court building has a B-Ball court dubbed "the highest court in the land?"
 Especially in college b-ball. Speaking of b-ball, did you know that the inventor of the game, James Naismith, is the losing coach in the Univ of Kansas's history? 
 For sure! Even Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who got the slam dunk banned from college ball, would agree.
 No. I am not much of an NBA fan. I do shoot free throws Granny style though, since it is the method preferred by physicists.
 I did follow the career of San Antonio's Tim Duncan though. I really respected his decision to stay in college four years even though he could have jumped to the pros early. It certainly didn't hurt his career.
 I respect character more than money. Like Steph Curry of the Warriors, who donates mosquito nets to protect Africans every time he hits a 3-point shot. He may lose a little money, but he does a good thing. Gotta respect that.
 I guess that is the "gold" in Golden State. Stranger things have happened in Oakland, California.
 Sure thing. Like when they played their 1975 playoff game in "Cow Palace" because their home venue was booked for something else. Strange.
 And strangely enough, Golden State Warriors were among those number one picks. The force must be with them.
 Makes for an entertaining game to watch. Hey, thanks for chatting with me!
 Good ol' Shakespeare! He lived so long ago, yet popularized many phrases we still use today, like "Good riddance"!
 I didn't hear about that.  What kind of deal did he make with Reebok?
 Nice!  That's a lot of cash.  Physicists proved that shooting my favorite shot...the granny shot...is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line.
 I wonder if anyone in the NBA has ever done it?  I don't think I've ever seen it in a game.  It would be funny!
 yes!  I remember him for his hook shots.  Did you know that in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach?
 Yes.  He used it so much in college that they banned it for over a decade.
 Wasn't that a guy who was the only losing coach in the history of Kansas?  James Naismith?
 Wow is right.  They would catch so much slack for that here in the states.  I like how Tim Duncan decided to pass up going directly to the NBA and stayed in college for 4 years.  He lost a lot of money by doing that.  But, from what I know it was a promise that he made to his grandmother that he would go to college before trying to go pro.
 Awesome!  I would love to have that at the top of where I work.  did you know that the golden state warriors earned about $12 million by losing game 4 of the NBA finals?
 I was a fan of his when he was playing.
 It was fun!  Have a good night!
 Good morning.  Are you and NBA fan?
 good morning.
 Yeah I love basketball. I haven't got to watch much this year though.
 Yeah my team never does too well in the tourney. I'm a mountaineer fan. You know press virginia. Lol. They aren't bad just can't get anywhere in the tournament.
 Yeah I heard that. they got lebron in the lead role.
 I dont think lebron will ever go broke. He will probably make enough off of shoe deals after he retires to live pretty comfortably.
 I heard that. I also heard Allen Iverson did pretty good on his shoe deal.
 I can believe it. The dude couldnt even hit a free throw. Let alone a three
 Yeah I heard it is the most effective way to shoot them. It just dont look very cool.
 Well thats going a little far just to watch some more basketball games LOL
 Probably. Did you know that cheryl miller scored 105 points in a game. Thats crazy.
 I used to watch it a lot but I'm a Jets fan, and they've been terrible for the last 20 years pretty much, so it's hard to get into the games. What's your home team?
 That was a great Super Bowl though--I'm always happy when the Patriots lose, which made it that much sweeter. The thing I like about football is it seems like every team really could win any game if things break their way.
 Very true. At least some of them are using the money for good. I saw Steph Curry is donating mosquito nets to families in Africa for each 3-pointer he makes. I think teams and players should be mandated to donate a portion of their salaries to help people who are struggling.
 Agreed.  I wish the athletes or teams would share more examples of this kind of philanthropy.  In 39 of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.  
 I also feel like baseball doesn't have a big figure like Lebron James or Michael Jordan. I just saw that Jordan wore his Air Jordan's even though they were banned, and Nike paid the fine. Who do you think is the closest person to Lebron James in the NFL, in terms of being a spokesperson for the sport? Tom Brady?
 It's crazy that Brady is so old though. I think the NFL needs a young up-and-coming star to carry the torch forward for the future of the league. Do you think the NFL is too violent, and that they'll do anything about it, or will it still be full contact in 20 years?
 Really? That's awesome he does that. I liked his letter to the little girl.
 It's funny, as the court on the SCOTUS building is truly the highest court in the land.
 Really. Well, they need it I'm certain, reduces stress and all and keeps them in shape for basketball!  Great chatting with you!
 So true, I look forward to every remaining game. Over the past 19 games, Washington average 26.8 assists per game, that is the second most in the league this year. 
 I know a little... He is regarded as the greatest writer in the English language!
 I didn't know that!  He coined many phrases we still use today like "good riddance" and "wild goose chase".
 I see that.  They both only died a year apart too.
 I do like watching dramas!
 I did!  I liked that show a lot!
 Wow!  Big bucks!  Did you ever watch Mad Men with Joh Hamm?  He taught drama at his old high school.
 I love his story of how he got into drama...because all the pretty girls in his school were in drama.  lol
 lol So true!  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  I kind of like that system.
 I agree!  Did you know that there is a website where you can listen to 1000's of classic radio drama episodes for free?  That's kind of neat.
 I had a great time!  Hope you have a good night!
 That court is the highest court in the land.  Good fun that is I think.
 I see, so as a high schooler, she beat him roundly.  As an adult female she has no stage to earn millions putting a ball in a hole.  I always shoot my free throws "granny style"  I like the way it feels.
 Thats what it is about, piles of money.  I salute players like Tim Duncan for realizing that the NBA will be around in four years and he should get a free degree while it is available. 
 Cow palace.  Kind of odd things happen there when the Aliens are in town.  I find it funny that losing game 4 of the NBA finals got the Warriors 12 million. 
 Whatever it was, he got to where he is because of his stepdad. He was the first in his family to go to college, and then his younger sister follow his lead.
 Oh I remember now. Reebok was so popular at that time from it all! Well, now I feel like playing basketball like a regular NBA player!
 well all I know is that I'm happy that usps has a special contract with Amazon to deliver on Sundays, that has saved me several times
 Yes I agree. Did you hear the story about how the drive-thru was invented? Thank God for McDonald's in 1975 LOL
 Yes I did, he spent about $28 and that is a bargain for getting your name put on a building LOL. I ordered from Amazon a lot and I'm so happy that they deliver on Sundays now
 Yes I think because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back? Again it's just good that the United States doesn't allow flamethrowers on cars because that would be a fire hazard LOL
 Thats why people believed everything they were told back then, I glad we have acess to books now, its as easy as clicking the checkout button on Amazon.
 No, I think that is their bread and butter!
 I think he's hilarious! You?
 He neither. Nice chatting with you!
 It might also be judged by presenting it, the how the poet orates what he wrote. Public speaking - eek! I'd prefer writing and hiding while they read it.
 ya times have changed, do you know who terry pratchett is? I guess he was knighted for his comedy writing, must be pretty good!
 I've read all of his books, mainly his Discworld series. I'm a little obsessed! His comedy was absolutely worth a knighting. I recommend it if you've never read it.
 You can check out a sewing machine in the Sacramento Library
 That's pretty cool. That would come in handy to be able to check out a sewing machine. I need one every once in awhile.
 I agree, it'd be a cool thing to have available for things you only need on occasion
 That's really cool. The first amazon customer got a building named after him.  He only spent 27 bucks
 That's a cool stat. I love Amazon. 
 agreed.  amazon makes life easier for sure
 I'm not too sure on how big it is. I love how the USPS has a contract with Amazon to deliver packages on Sunday.
 That would be a really good exercise.
 Good talking to you
 I do! I have a sedan with rear cameras and a navigation system. How about you?
 That sounds pretty cool! But, no, I don't. I heard they are legal in South Africa for carjacking.
 I assume they do. Sounds scary. Hopefully they have McDonald's there to console them afterwards. McDoanld's put in drive thru windows in 1975.
 It's honestly like a humorous, dramatic greek comedy with how expensive cars are.
 Nice meeting you! Have a great day.
 No I don't really watch award shows, for instance I don't watch the Grammys or Golden Globes or anything like that, but I do like movies a lot, I really love Daniel Day-Lewis I'm glad that he has three academy awards for best actor
 Yeah Blazing Saddles is great. They would never make another movie like that again because it would be too expensive, but it did get nominated for 3 Oscars
 I never would have picked Eminem to have the most out of that group! I should probably get going though. I have to catch up on my favorite show: Pokemon! There are over 750 episodes of it!
 I love Pokemon! I also love South Park, I'm so happy they were making fun of Family Guy that's amazing
 Hello! So how are you?
 I love poetry! There are many different types. Demetri martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem which is insane!
 true! some poems originated from folk songs.
 Right? Sounds amazing. So are you a fan of The Academy Awards at all? 
 cool! I did not know that, I love fun facts! I like to watch Television sometimes and watch reruns of that 70s show. Do you watch tv?
 I haven't seen that either....it was cancelled after 10 episodes though so it must not have been too good. 
 I do not. Never was a big fan of those big awards shows. 
 I'm not sure, more importantly who wrote them all? LOL
 I love Aerosmith. I wonder if there is ever any competition among bands like Aerosmith and KISS (my favorite) like there might be among girl groups.
 So many! I never got rid of any albums that I owned from back in the day.
 Funny you mention that, I do collect some LPS and have a player for them. They are cool to have. I really love how guitar sounds on them.
 When I was younger, I loved girl groups. They were like my role models. My favorite band is KISS.
 That's really cool. There's always time to learn!
 Dramas are my favorite genre. I always wanted to act in a play or on TV.
 Yes.  I think the movie green lantern was hilarious.
 The Simpsons, in my opinion, is a very successful comedy cartoon.
 Yes, thank you for the chat.  Have a good day!
 Hi how are you? Did you read about the man in Wisconsin that died?
 I try to focus on happier things like my dogs. Do you have any pets?
 he dog was the first species to be domesticated. Their nfluence on human society has given them the sobriquet "man's best friend".
 I think its interesting that There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives
 Lol I love it  I wonder why it seems google prefers dogs?
 Hmm no I did not either. I think its neat they can understand to point so well too. So cool.
 Yes thats also I see why they call them mans best friend . So sweet.
 Dogs are so loved. Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research subjects.
 Wow, that's so neat! Thanks for the chat!
 You too Have a good night.
 Have a good evening!
 Hi! Are you a fan of Demitri Martin?
 Yes, he is an odd, obsessive person with a unique perspective on things. Smart guy too. He left his class at Harvard Law school out of boredom to pursue comedy. 
 He has achieved a certain level of notoriety and fame. His story reminds me of Ryan Stiles, a comedian who also dropped out of school to pursue comedy. Do you know Ryan Stiles?
 Demitri is more intellectually funny, while I really admire Ryan Stiles for his wit an improvisational skills. Bill Murray is another comedian I admire. He thinks Kung Fu Hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy"  Do you agree?
 Yeah, that has gotta account for something. Critics loved that show. Can't say the same thing about most of those "bromantic" comedies..
 Sometimes a good costume can make all the difference in a film.  Like, hard to imagine Captain Jack Sparrow without his costume!  You know, Johnny Depp travels with that costume just so he can make surprise visits to children hospital rooms? Costume makes all the difference!
 What do lobster researchers wear?  You know, the Hoggle costume from Labyrinth was lost in shipping and now resides in the unclaimed baggage museum in Alabama?  Who goes to this museum anyway?
 I have. Hard to believe they have been on the air for so many yeas and yet only one episode did not include Bart in appearance or reference! Reliable character!
 I love George Carlin in that role! I was not as impressed with Ringo Starr, and I never saw Alec Baldwin, but they all reliably narrated over 50 episodes.
 Contrast that with Pokemon, that over 15 years put out over 750 episodes!  What does Pokemon have that 70s Show lacks?
 Well, I'm  off to hike to my  den and watch some telly. Cheerio!  
 Hi, how are you?
 I am well. I was just playing with my dog out in the snow. Do you have a dog?
 Nice! There is a doggie water fountain at the park I go to. It is so cute but my dog is not smart enough to work it. I have to bring a dish for her.
 Google prefers dogs to cats. I think AOL is a cat company and that is why they failed.
 AOL and Excite... Winston Churchill had a bunch of hunting dogs.
 Never. If she lived in NYC, I could call her with a 212 area code though!
 There's a beer in chicago named 312, after their area code.
 funny though, the Ottoman empire was still in existence since the last time chicago cubs won the world series. that is a long time
 haha yeah you have a great point there. on another note its crazy how the phone works by converting our voice to electronic signals then back to voice
 I know. I remember playing this racing game where you just stomp on a mat to win and I thought it was amazing.
 WHat a loss, they had a great opportunity. Nice chatting with you.
 Oh, i see but i guess he travel in rubber boots like the ones Nokia made. 
 No travel is done by Foot Bicycle Train but in hia case probably Boat
 Its okay but thanks anyways. What is the team that you like in baseball?
 I like the Red Sox and they won the World Series this past year by beating the Dodgers.
 not really to be completely honest with you.
 lol Hmm...I'll throw some facts at you and then we'll go on to talk about phones.  Sound good?
 That would be like hitting the lottery!  Would you keep them or sell them?  I would have to sell them.
 Same here.  lol  Up until 2005 a married couple, for 24 years, scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year.  Sounds like that would be a pain, but at the same time sure beats working in a factory.
 I never knew that!  Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if needed.
 Actually I do remember.  I remember Pete Rose was a manager for the Reds in the late 80's and he was also a full time player.
 Thats cool. Like I said I dont follow baseball really. The ottoman empire was still in existance the last time the cubs won a world series. Lol.
 lol  That's a long time.  Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 I have played my share of soccer baseball for sure. Did you know babe ruth was caught stealing to end the 1926 world series?
 I used to love playing kickball in elementary school.  I do know who he is.  The womens world cup had higher tv ratings than the world series in the US.
 Wow unbelievable. lol  Did you ever use a rotary phone?  I did when I was a kid.
 That's interesting!  It's impossible to separate 2 phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together. I'll have to try it.  It's been fun chatting!
 Thanks!  You have a great day too!
 We watch it because my daughter plays and Alex Morgan is grrrreat!  But we also watch the men's WC and of course the World Series, and go to a ton more baseball games than soccer, but we don't have an MLS team either
 LOL that's a good point! Well it was great talking to you and make sure to donate your unused cell phone minutes to UNICEF, they will give free clean water to a child for every minute you don't use your phone
 That is sweet. Going off-railing in a crossover must be great
 I think it's because old cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back. Pretty cool if you ask me.
 Yeah from some french explorer. Have you ever been to Mackinac island in Michigan? They banned all cars there
 It is beautiful you're surrounded by water everywhere. Did you know all of Japan's highways have tolls? 
 Right, that would be a cool adventure to go on though. I want to visit Tokyo seems very cool.
 It is such a cool city. Nice chatting with you.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Good morning - hope your day has started well!
 Just another groundhog day ;) eat work sleep - repeat ;)
 I hear You m8.... cars don't do good in weather like that...
 I live in Long Island so... no ;) no my friend, we all really need cars :)
 THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I THINK ! Plus all the fun in driving... I'm not giving that away...
 My pleasure ! ;)
 I want to try that one. nice chat
 Yes, I love his books.
 He definitely does. I've always noticed it reading his books. There will be a small reference. He never even makes a big deal of it. It's almost like they are little hidden gems for readers. 
 That's a good question, though I'm not sure.  At least there hasn't been any recent "moral panics" due to reading novels in the last few centuries.  
 LOL!  Thanks for the chat!  I hope you have a great evening.
 Hi! Yes she is pretty talented!
 I didn't either, I hear it hasn't had good reviews though. Some like it too.
 Right! Very expensive. But the concerts I have been to have been worth it. 
 Really? That is insane! I love Linkin Park, didn't get to see a concert before Chester passed though. I think Pink Floyd is a great concert to got to.
 Yes, i woould love to go to a pink floyd concert!!!
 I have been to 1 Pink Floyd concert and it was one of the best shows I have ever seen!
 I know! They toured non stop for over 20 years, can you imagine! That was their life. The entertainment industry is so huge now that you can literally use an entire day up by watching tv or going to concerts, watching celebritys. It is crazy!
 Yeah.... there is plenty for the viewer now!
 I like movies that move away from anything cookie cutter.
 Me too, I am a huge fan of movies that are original. 
 Of course it is!  LOL
 Hahahaaa! Of course lol.....Celeb's get access to all the good stuff! 
 True!  Great chat have a good one!
 I agree with that.  It's too impersonal and chaotic. I did see the Ramones once and it was chaotic. 
 I miss him too! He started a lot of trends. Like Carol Burnett who is the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 I would love to see that! Maybe encouraging people to eat more diverse foods will actually help.
 Reagan had the last word on that.  Yes, thanks for the excellent chat!
 What a great reference! Nicely done. Lou reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs!
 I love dogs so much. I almost cry when I see a helper dog. I love their altruism so much...
 He was! I remember how well he did as the genie in Aladin. So good!
 not much of a basketball fan sorry
 an ice hockey ring remains under a basketball court when switching stadium sports. I think I could watch basketball if they left the ice on the court, could be entertaining then.
 that weight loss might be teeth... ;)
 Yeah, for sure. Back to b-ball, James Naismith was the inventor of the game
 yeah, that would be funny to see that. Who's gonna take it all the way this year? 
 you too, have a good weekend
 You too see ya!
 Yes maybe! I liked Allen Iverson and his crazy cross over! His sponsorship with Reebok was very valuable and profitable for him.
 I am not sure how long a career players have, so it was wise that Duncan stayed in school. If you managed to land a good endorsement like Jordan or Allen it wouldn't matter as much.
 Yeah no doubt. The highest court in the land is atop the US Supreme Court! Well it was nice having this convo with you!
 Oh, I had mentioned earlier that I have been following the Wizards. They seem to be aiming towards switching their starting line-up to improve their game. Mike Scott is a player that might be moving into that position. I bet that would be a lucrative switch for him. It'd be cool to compare the income of various players based on game play time.
 Yep! Me too!
 Bye
 Epic, yes I have it too. But on a CD. Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of a major tour or airplay.
 Good.  How are you?  What do you think about the 100 year old twins releasing an album?
 Sounds good!  I also like that vinyl lps are still being produced.
 for sure, do you listen to NWA much?
 love me some netflix, not much youtube. Crazy to see that one third of internet being using from 9-12 is netflix
 There is a new American Indian exhibit I'd like to see that is supposed to be very good. Fortunately it's only display long term so I have until 2027 to go check it out.
 I guess switch over to youtube which also gets a lot of traffic. There certainly are other options but netflix seems to be the best choice for streaming entertainment.
 CD's just sound like crap. MP3 is fine for the car but at home vinyl is just warmer. I recent found a box of my grantparents 78s but I have no way to play them since that format was long ago abandoned. 
 That is still awesome to have all those old 78's though, and I totally agree with that as well.  I just need to transfer like 200 cds worth onto a computer some day. It was nice talking with you as well, hope you have a good day. 
 Hi, do you like to travel?
 Yes, I do like to travel, do you?
 Wow! That sounds a little fast for me. Did you know Mackinac Island has banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years?
 That's the pace of life I can get behind. I would love that. At least it would not cost $300 in tolls!!!
 Did you know Iceland has no public rail service?
 I do. I especially miss the old days and trips to the record store.
 I did! Can you believe that he Dark Side of the Moon was still a best seller in 2014, despite being released over 40 years ago?
 I do love that album. Not many people my age listen to pink floyd but for some reason they resonate with me.
 I do too. I also like Linkin Park. They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone!
 Wow! But I'm not surprised. Their music is good.
 I never saw the movie. Was it good?
 I guess it was but I never saw it either. Nice chatting with you!
 Oh wow that would have been a great one to go to. I love Merle Haggard.  I grew up listening to his albums. 
 We enjoyed it and I'm glad I was able to provide dad that opportunity, that's usually the first thing he tells strangers when he meets them!
 That is really neat. For sure a memory that will be cherished for a lifetime. 
 Yes they are great! There is something about the sound of a vinyl album that just can't be mimicked by a cd. There is a tone that makes it unique. 
 It is.  My dad actually liked Country music, but collected all genres of music on those vinyl albums.  I used to love as a kid just looking at all the different album covers, they were so neat!
 Oh I loved their music in college. I'm pretty sure that I owned that album. It was all angsty and loud. I remember all my friends having that one and the NWA straight out of Compton CDs in their cars. 
 Most likely it would cause a massive headache!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to go walk my dog, now.  Hope you have a good day.
 Yep I agree. If I was getting paid millions of dollars I wouldn't care if I looked stupid, as long as I was winning games. It's funny that Reggie Miller's sister is also good at basketball. Maybe it runs in their family
 Yeah the woman broke 8 national records, wow. Nice chat
 Pretty sure that was Steve Smith - great guy, fierce competitor, and didn't really want any attention for himself, just for his cause.
 Exactly. The design of the shoe has varied greatly through time and from culture to culture.
 Yes let me know how it works! You heard of the NFL player Steve Smith? He helped raise awareness for homeless people not having shoes.
 Yes because 4 years of college and education is priceless! Have a good one!
 Do you have a favorite team?
 Not saying it might not be racist, but there might be a story behind it. Weird place for a court...
 I would like to see lebron shoot that way. It would be more entertaining!
 HAHAHA. That would be a funny logo though. I might be able to buy some of that...
 He's such a disappointment... Nice chatting with you!
 It might. Burger KIng had a promotion where you would get a free whopper for unfriending 10 people. I wonder if you could do that more than once. I could unfriend enough people to eat for about a year.
 It is interesting how facebook is impacting laws in countries. IN Iceland they are rewriting their constitution via facebook by allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations. We have come a long way from those rotary phones haha
 I don't so much anymore, but I used to love 007 back in the day. I can't believe they added multiplayer mode at the last minute in Goldeneye, the game would not have been the same without that feature. 
 Not sure, but the players were able to continue playing by keeping their consoles on. nice chat
 Yes.  Everyone has become so reliant on mobile phones.  It is nice to see Unicef offering to donate a day of clean water to children for every minute your cell phone is not used.
 I do not remember that, but it's hilarious.  My wife plays so many games on Facebook.  It is pretty awesome that she can play multiplayer games over the internet with her friends or strangers.
 Good times. Golden Eye was the first multiplayer game I played but it was in person not online. Apparently they added this feature last minute. We probably wouldn't remember the game today if not for it.
 I bet they are happy it was added! Who knows how much longer it would have taken for nintendo multiplayer to catch on. In fact I think I'm going to go hook my n64 up now.
 I saw a kiosk selling old Nintendo systems and games in our mall the other day.  That would be a fun way to spend the afternoon.
 I still have lots of old games. I'm going to go play them now. Nice talking to you, bye!
 Nice talking to you!  I am going play some NBA 2k19 against the AI-controlled computer opponent that does not have the advantage and flexibility of human thought!
 good luck.
 House was one of my favorite shows, ever!  Actors get paid alot, but I would hate to never have any privacy.
 Me too. I love the new Aquamam movie, speaking of.  Those movies are a combination of all three genres. A little horror, lots of action, some drama and comedy too.
 I can't get over Michael Keaton and "I'm Batman", that voice will always be Batman to me, but Christian Bale did  a decent job as well.
 Yes. liked them both. Keaton the best. Did you see where Jim Carrey won't make any movies that don't reflect positivity? He always makes me laugh!.
 Again, I agree with you. I liked The Mask too. I have seen Hugh Laurie be really funny too, outside of the House role.  He is also a great musician.
 I didn't know he played an instrument, what does he play?
 Hmm, I'll have to check it out, I like Jazz music, old Kenny G fan.  It's funny, Bill Murray, thinks Kung Fu, Hustle is the best comedy ever,  I disagree, but I did like Caddyshack and Stripes.
 Loved Caddyshack! He is funny, but he can also do very poignant drama as well.
 I loved the Zombie movie where he goes golfing during the apocolypse, cracked me up.  When you talk about comedies, I think I've seen every Friends and Seinfeld episode multiple times.
 Me too! Thanks for chatting with me. Have a great day...
 Great. I hope you like it.
 Hi! Do you have any favorite Hollywood actors?
 Yes! I have many. Brad Pitt and George Clooney are a couple.
 Sounds interesting. Speaking about voice overs, Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voice overs. It was for Aladdin.
 That's good! We should all do our part. A car is not a necessity. We should be able to travel around without owning a car.
 Agreed. Public transportation is widely available. However, driving has its perks. Like drive-thrus for example. Mcdonald's added drive-thrus in 1975 for soldiers that couldn't get out of their cars.
 I do.  I am a big fan.  Much better than a horse a buggy
 I wonder what is in there.  Pixar is pretty wealthy, I bet they have a lot of cool secrets.
 Not bad.  I am glad her TV law degree came in handy for her.  She has been on the air for years
 Me too. Well, it was good talking to you. Have a good one. 
 I thought they were good!  He thinks Kung Fu Hustle though is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.
 I haven't seen it either.  But, now I'm curious.  The Green Lantern was originally supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black. That probably would have been good.
 I agree!  Did you ever watch 3rd Rock from the Sun?
 That surprised me too.  I was surprised that Comedy Central was started in 1989.  I don't remember it back then.
 lol  We must be about the same age.  Comedy Central has also cancelled over 100 shows since it's creation in 1989.  That's a lot.
 Dramas here too.  We'll watch horror movies around Halloween.  Did you know that Stephen King was terrified as a child when he saw the movie Bambi calling it the first horror movie he saw?
 I know!  I always like to watch House, which Hug Laurie earned the title of highest paid actor by earning $700,000 per episode!
 Hi! What genre of movies do you like?
 I like more comedy, but horror is a close second.
 I read an interview he did and he said kung fu hustle is "a supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". I thought that was interesting. 
 I did when I was a child, I thought there were some good cartoons. Not really kid friendly though. What about you? 
 I did see that somewhere, that's crazy. I know you like horror movies, have you seen The Shining? If not, you need to it's a classic. Anyway, the boy in the movie didn't even know he was in a horror movie until he got older.
 Well whenever you get a chance to watch it, keep in mind you can lose 180 calories, apparently! ha ha
 Oh! I believe they use an instrument called a waterphone.
 That's funny you mention him, I heard the only reason he began acting in dramas were because of pretty girls in his high school drama class. 
 I watched a few episodes here and there. Is it any good?
 Do you like Jon Hamm? He plays in the Transporter movies and recently in the Fast and Furious movies.
 Yeah me too, I try to do as many visits to galleries as I can, especially when I am travelling, you know, exploring local art
 Oh nice, you are lucky in that sense. I loved checking out the National Art Gallery in Washington. So convenient that it is free
 i was actually about to look up the radio station that broadcasts the solar sounds into music.
 i never knew the sunset on mars was blue. that's pretty cool
 My favorite planet is actually Jupiter. In fact, if you have an AM radio, you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms.
 Ha! I do love birds (and chickens as well). My favorite bird is probably the hummingbird. I like to observe them a lot. Sometimes you can see them stealing spiderwebs as they like to use webs to repair and construct their own nests.
 Ha! Maybe so! Most birds' bones are so hollow, the feathers weigh more than the skeleton so you wouldn't have to worry too much about the bones! Ha!
 No kidding! It must be nice, right? I guess when you rank as the most successful class of tettapoda, you don't need much sleep. Ha!
 Now I remember hearing about it.  It was very interesting to know.
 I will do that.  By the way, A finish radio has been broadcasting news programs in classical latin.  I wonder who will listen to the program regular?
 I do like him. He was such a talent, even going back to his UCLA days. Do you like him?
 Yeah. Naismith is the losingest coach in Kansas history and he created the game! Why not just change the rules so that he was better?
 Yeah. They're all possessive about it too! 
 I love Reg! He's really funny.
 Yeah... Nice chatting with you!
 ok, I worked for Diesel USA, tell me something interesting about T-Shirts ;)
 yes that's a common concept. There are multiple locations with cheap labor - maybe not Europe but Chile, Honduras, Peru - I've seen it before !
 ok I have to ask - when the heck was that ? 
 I know that polo shirts were originally invented for tennis 
 Good point, but yeah, I believe it !
 I can't believe the Chinese cultural phenomenon of layering as many shirts as possible. That seems really uncomfortable.
 oh the aloha shirt!
 I love to play, I watch rarely
 when was that ? 
 Space Jam. I loved Space Jam. I remember it earned a lot of money !
 Oh, that's right, there was more famous players in that movie, not only MJ 
 lol :) I've never heard that. Charles Barkley was one of the players if I remember correctly 
 ohh come on. That I would watch :)
 yes, I think I've heard that one before, so funny. Hey, thanks for chatting !  It was great 
 lol good old Nike :) have a great day my friend :)
 Yes, I do too! I do watch on my phone. I have the Netflix and Pbs app and along with utube, I will watch movies or educational shows!! Its great!!
 Not so much Bill Nye, But I loved Steve Martin growing up!! I can't see the the look a like though. Steve Martin made some funny movies!!
 Yes, OMG, I think I've bought my kids all of them.. Have you been to Universal and been on the ride? The whole area is magical and the ride is fast and fun!! Butter beer of course to drink! lol
 I love the butterbeer! It's so tasty, I haven't read all the books but I have seen all the movies. I do like at Stephen Fry does all of the voices in the audio books though, he does a great job
 Nope I agree! I also agree that Harry Potter is awesome LOL it's great that they were translated from British to American English, I wonder what the difference is, great talking to you by the way
 I do! Do you?
 Wow. A tribute to persistance! Good for JK!
 Yes good for her. Nice chatting with you
 No I haven't had one for a long long time. I have a phone my girlfriend has a phone even my kids have phones. No need for it.
 I dont even know what you are talking about to be honest.
 Oh mine is 304 so I guess its in the middle somewhere.
 yeah the cables carrying phone and internet data across ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 Nope only 2.7 inches. Amazing huh.
 Mostly watch netflix or play my old nintendo these days. 
 Hd for sure. I got a big ole 55 inch tv. Gives a whole new perspective on mario. Lol.
 Probably mario 2 Where you jumped on the eggs when the bowsers spit them at you. i love that game.
 Yeah when you think about how basic that system was compared to what they have today. I think ps3 will last a long time though just because it will play blurays. that is about all I use mine for anymore.
 So true. Well its been fun. Have a good one.
 That's a great way of thinking. I'm not too familiar with Mackinac Islands, but it sounds like a place where one can get in touch with nature and maybe try snorkeling or something.
 If the white house is using floppies for that reason, then we are definitely very prone to security hacks and breaches! I also had tons of floppies in storage but the Marie Kondo trend made me toss them away since I have no way of seeing what's on there with updated computers these days.
 Haha, I think I shall hope to travel to my bucketlist destinations in real life, but you're right, without the funds, I can only enjoy a virtual vacation! I don't think I'll survive those harsh climates and those altitudes! 
 No, I did not know that. They are full sized versions of the White House? I remember as a kid we all had to make miniature  diorama things and one was the White House grounds. It was really fun. 
 It's a really good travel show but it's based on foods to try. The guy Trevor James started out alone and met his wife through making the show! It's really sweet. I think I'll go watch it now!
 Have a nice time watching the show!  It was nice chatting with you.
 It is very old model. Now days we can update technology, latest model phone are now available.
 Modern computer have the ability to set of operating called programs.
 Computer are used as control system for a wide variety of industrial and consumer device. Mainly for security purpose to watch in the industry.
 Its very interesting. The space shuttle computer runs in 1MB of Ram
 The russians made a computer that ran on water.
 Transhumanists want to upload their minds to computer and memory sticks
 Clothing is a collective item worn on the body.
 Pilgrim clothing was full of colour.
 haha well apaprently they wore colorful clothes, only the black stuff for speical events, so I would try it haha
 Well, I bet they can since it is 2019. Happy New Year Soldiers!
 That is true. Nice chatting with you. Have a great night.
 I've heard of her, but never heard her. I hear a pastor groped her.
 well men know about dangerous women. she should write about dangerous men
 I think he made a "taco bell" crack about her name. I think he meant Starbucks
 LOL. The dude in question also apologized to the whole Hispanic community. 
 just made it to the wrong community.  Well Bill Clinton was there too...so it was quite a motley crew
 Bubba was enjoying the view. 
 yeah. $13M raised. Thats and offer you cant refuse
 she should get her own tv show, I'm tired of watching pokemon
 or she could lend her voice...like ringo starr did for thomas the tank engine
 I;m going to head over to watch it now. Maybe I'll catch some george carlin, take care.
 That's what the article said. I've thrown popcorn into the air and tried to catch it in my mouth. It did make eating popcorn fun. But I can't think of an unconventional way I've consumer water, can you?
 Are you really? I find driving in video games to be harder than driving on the road in a real car. I can see how it could help you with your driving skills.
 Whoa! Don't mess with cars in South Africa! I think, though, I might like to try out that Dutch commuter bus they're creating that will travel at 160 mph.
 Europe would be fun. I don't think I would like to go to Iceland, trains or not, just because it sounds very cold!
 It's funny, but the slow pace of life was how the world worked until recent times. Now we are very impatient, we want quick travel, instant access, all that.
 Wow that is insane. Nice chatting with you.
 Me either! Maybe I should contact a noogler to see what they can tell me about it.
 I do like to eat popcorn! The buttery the better!
 That would be interesting. I prefer using my fingers though. If chopsticks brought happiness though, I may give them a try.
 That's what they say, doing something new brings happiness. lol
 Although if I walked in on you lapping up water like a cat, that would bring a ton of fun to me. I would loose it!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you today?
 Yes, and the gravitational pull can be changing as well.  
 Right!  Nice chatting with you.
 ya I think he made like 700k per episode or something, I can't blame him I would do that for as long as I could haha
 Yeah... John williams has been nominated a lot for his musical scores. He's done a ton!
 Yea, he's done Star Wars, Jurassic Park, Harry Potter, to name a few.
 Haha, seems like it's just a passion that people have that ends up being their profession.
 Yea, you never know. But a lot of people didn't hit mainstream success until later on - like Hugh Laurie from House. He made 700 grand per episode...
 Yeah. Nice chatting with you!
 ya that is really dumb, kind of like the wikipedia page that ranks fictional people by how powerful their abilities are, that sounds like a waste of time haha
 well what I want to read is the cyborg story by Edgar allen poe that sounds awesome haha
 I agree! He is the best person for that role and definitely deserves the $700k he makes per episode
 So did I, the facts section was very interesting! 
 Hello! Do you like to travel?
 Where's your favorite place you've traveled to?
 Europe is beautiful, but I am really wanting to check out asia too! Especially Japan! I want to go to one of those claw machine arcades! 
 Yes, apparently you would end up spending over 300$ to travel the country! 
 I haven't, but it looks pretty awesome. I hear they have no public rail system though, bummer.
 There is an island without any motorized vehicles. Sounds peaceful. 
 Sounds slow. Do you like Science? 
 There was only one? I would have thought they would have been almost all scientists of some type.
 There was a scientist who could divide by two 8 digit numbers in his head by the age of 6! 
 Yeah, it seriously is. I can't imagine how they parents felt when they found out their kid was a genius. 
 So crazy! I wonder if his parents taught him that or if he just started learning it on his own.
 Hi. I thought it was interesting that Harvard scientists managed to store a gif animation of a galloping horse in the dna of bacteria.
 Yes but they still can start this to 'improve' local roadways. I am glad that I don't live in Iceland where they have to sometimes use planes to get around.
 It is somewhere in Michigan-in the lake because it is an island. It said that it bans cars and that they use horses/bikes.
 Probably a small island because I cannot believe that I would ride a bike that far.
 I am and love the Walt Disney Company. In fact, Minnie Mouse aka Minerva Mouse happens to be my favorite Disney character!
 I love flubber. it was hilarious. 
 Agreed! What about Wall-E? I loved it as well. In fact, the name itself was basically a hat tip to Walter Elias Disney!
 In his day, probably steam ship and trains.  I bet the King has some luggage.  Great big trunks filled with flowers and grass.
 I wonder how smart a nuclear deterrent needs to be.  Less than an iphone apparently.   I hear Bill Nye was the science consultant on Disney Flubber movie.
 Yeah not a bad idea, no real reason to have live animals at school. They should be more worried about getting into college. And learning about animals! Germany was the first country in the world to give animals constitutional rights in 2002!
 Same here have a good one
 Wow that sounds awesome! Maybe we can both have y'all's and swim together haha have you ever seen the movie Waterworld though? They definitely hunt those people down haha can you believe that the Loch Ness monster has a special protection against it. The Scottish government did that back in 1912
 Well apparently Iceland is rewriting their constitution on Facebook. So I think we should write a constitution for Gill people only
 Haha yep that's what it was. You would have to unfriend 10 people though. I can definitely find 10 people I would unfriend though
 Hello,  do you watch basketball? Did you know granny style shooting is the best way to get points. 
 Yes! I watch Basketball. I've been following The Wizards especially their guard Bradley Beal. 
 Oh yeah,  you are a fan of the Wizards?  I really like the Golden State Warriors. 
 Yes. Team member Howard completed 36 of 51 shot attempts . He's a really awesome player. Who's good on the Warriors ?
 Yes even New Zealand has a team called the Tall blacks. 
 Even the supreme court buidling has a court on their top floor. Basketball appears to be big everywhere . 
 I'm not such a sport fan but I'd have to say basketball is my favorite! It is fast paced but easy to follow.
 Yes, I remember that was the first way I actually made a shot!
 That's a shame he couldn't win at games, but he won at inventing a sport!  
 I haven't seen it. I really should see it since it was so successful. The Black Panther is the richest superhero!
 I'm glad they changed it back to Black Panther. Black Panther sounds so much cooler.
 Denzel Washington helped fund Chadwick Boseman's learning at Oxford University's summer theater program.  Good thing for the future of Black Panther talent!  Nice talking with you.
 I didn't either, but I'm happy that it did win a few. Marvel movies are always so enjoyable.
 The Marvel Cinematic Universe has grown to be a big thing! It's neat how they've built the worlds, like building the Wakandian script around Nsibdi.
 That was a wise decision on his part I think. Plenty of other pros got their start in college, like Kareem Abdul-Jabar, so it's not like he was missing out on too much.
 They office out of the Olympic Tower, right? It's a very fitting name!
 It really is unfair when you put it that way. It's been nice talking to you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Well do I have some knowledge for you!
 He did. He was not afraid of any consequences. He left sanantonio to chase rings and finally got one with Golden state. He then retired.
 He's always been different. He really wanted that ring! I think that's why he went to San Antonio in the first place. 
 For sure. he didn't get that allen iverson money though...
 Supply and demand! I hope they all get their money! Tim Duncan stayed in college for all 4 years and gave up millions!
 Between his shoes and Abdul-Jabbar's dunks, the NBA is ban happy!
 I have. Rick Berry was a huge advocate of it.
 The notorious RBG is posterizing kennedy... Nice chatting with you!
 I love dogs.   They're great companions, loyal. 
 I didn't know that.  I did know that they have 12 different blood types.  And there are dog blood drives.  
 I don't go, no.   I do know that baseball cards can be valuable, though.  Not so much for the newer ones, because so many people collect them, but the old ones, like from the 1900s, can be worth millions.  
 I love dogs. What's not to love? They are man's best friend.
 I agree!  I like how they are able to be used to help disabled people and therapeutic roles.  I have soft spot for those issues.
 I agree.  Did you know that there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have?
 That's incredible!  Dogs and elepants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.
 I didn't know that!  Google prefers dogs to cats.  They included it in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.  lol
 That's pretty neat they are smart enough to get around like that.  lol  Dogs are not color blind...they just can't see as many different colors as humans.
 I can't believe how the time flies!  Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million only a year after it was created  in 2005!
 Isn't that a crazy stat?  Did you hear about the Facebook promotion that Burger King had?
 Nope...if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook, Burger King would give you a free whopper!  I've had fun chatting!
 Oh wow I would for sure do that! Also the like button was almost called the awesome button! But anyways great chatting with you too!
 Have a great day!
 Good morning! Did you know they have doggy blood drives? That would be so cool to see, the next time I donate myself.
 Dogs are so awesome. Google thinks that way too as they state in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.
 I love elephants! Have you seen the video of the one picking up trash in a nature preserve? I follow so many elephant pages on Facebook, that if I were in Germany I would be more than a little annoyed I couldn't "like" anything, as it's illegal there.
 I love dogs too.  I can see how they could be used for therapy.  They have been used to help sports stars like J R Smith...
 Reading all that was quite informative and interesting. I don't personally think Ronald Reagan was the best president.
 Yes RIP Nintendo. Do you read much? Do you read any science fiction. SCi Fi in the military, interesting.  Other than for learning and reading required things, I do not see much benefit from speed reading.  
 As it is today, from day to day. In 2011, Neptune completed its first orbit around the sun, since 1846. "You're slower than Neptune's orbit!" is my new insult.
 Sounds like I will . I thank you and it was great chatting with you about all these new facts.
 I know. You're the most fun I've had chatting, in the dozen times I've chatted today. King fans, unite! 
 You're welcome. Read some CS Lewis and Tolkien, as well. They held "You laugh you lose" challenges together. Today, they would have been YouTube stars. : ) 
 So fascinating. I really enjoy reading interesting facts about every day things. Are you an avid reader?
 Yes, 4700 words per minute! I don't know how many I can read in a minute but it is nothing close to that! I heard recently that in the 18th century there was actually a "moral panic" because of the widespread reading of novels. Hilarious!
 Yes, I mean it all started there, we need that foundation. Nice chatting with you. 
 I dont know a whole lot. I have heard of them before though.
 the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet our needs for 500000 years. We need to learn how to harness it.
 There is a lot of work to be done with solar panels to make the cost effiecient. 
 It's a process, incremental steps towards harnessing that power.  As Diogenes might have said, probably not though, Rome wasn't built in a day.
 They really know how to have a good time there, I know there is a lack of sun there, raining all the time, maybe that had something to do with it.
 Have a great day.
 hi I am, my favorite movie is Empire Strikes Back, what about you?
 Hello, so what do you think of Dwyane Wade returning to the Heat?  I think it's good for the team probably.
 Yes, basketball is my favorite sport!
 Yeah.  Well it was nice chatting.  Have a good day!
 Thanks, it was nice chatting with you too!
 Thank you!  Bye!
 Hi, how are you?
 I use it to learn i.e. how to fix an electrical socket. Yourself?
 I actually didn't. That's funny. Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 Who bought it from them? Didn't they sell it?
 Yeah but $1.65B is a lot to spend in one lifetime. I would like to try though!
 I agree. Justin bieber's "baby" is the most disliked video on youtube. Don't think I would get much out of that one...
 Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
 HA! That's funny. Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker.
 Really? That's a unique passion. How did you get into it?
 WHAT? That sounds like a spoof... I have no rythm and cannot imagine he had a ton either...
 Nice chatting with you...
 Hi, Do you like traditional dances?
 There are many types of dances. American Rhythm. Bolero. East Coast Swing. Mambo. Rumba. Bachata. Cha Cha.
 Yes, From a young age, they learn dance and are good at it.
 Yes, cha cha. Perhaps we have this early training in Latin dance to thank for the grace and poise of his martial arts style.
 Sorry i don't know about it. Do you like Basketball?
 Sorry, I don't know about it. Which is your favorite team?
 I have not seen yet.
 Oh! that's nice. Who is your favorite player in Basketball?
 I think he is an American professional basketball player. Is it right?
 Yes i was. I like to watch You Tube videos. 
 Yes, "Baby" is a song by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released as the lead single from the latter half of Bieber's debut album.
 Thanks for the chat!
 Hi, how are you doing this morning?
 I do. I'm not fanatical but I enjoy them. 
 Well, I am fanatical!  I even had a Star Wars lunch box when I was a little kid.
 Wouldn't surprise, it's so popular.  Well it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy your day, friend!
 Yes, I am.  Guilty as charged, I have loved them since I was a child.  How about you?
 My son is the big fan now.  Last summer I took him to an outdoor concert to watch the movie while an orchestra played the music.
 We have an outdoor concert venue near us, we're just lucky to have the opportunity.  It amazing that a 40 year old movie can still inspire kids so much.
 I once heard that the man in the Vader costume, David Prowse, was upset they didn't use his voice.  He has a strong regional British accent, it just would not have sounded the same.
 Shows you how big of a movie it is.  Do you like the spin off movies?  I really like that Rogue One movie, I found it more gritty than the newer ones.
 I love Pink Floyd, too. Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to get to work, now.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
 Hello How are you doing. Do you like dramas.
 Yeah it was a pretty good show. Did you know he made 700000 per episode to play house.
 Thats true I just cant take him seriously after seeing him in ace ventura pet detective. Lol.
 Im not overly familiar with him. I know I have seen his movies. I just cant picture what he looks like.
 Oh ok. That is funny. I guess its as good a reason as any. So do you have a avorite animal?
 Mixi is awesome. I love her so much. It is funny how she jumps when I hiccup. Did you know those are a holdover fromwhen humans had gills and lungs?
 Well to be honest I dont see them getting voting rights any time soon. Lol.  Did you know that the loch ness monster is on the protected species list?
 It is actualy very funny. I guess animals develop white patches when they are domesticated. Deer have a white patch and they arent domesticated.
 I am a Gen X'er and I love beer. I knew Britain loved it's beer as well, but I had no idea they had over 50,000 pubs currently open. That is a ton of beer to serve. 
 Thank you.  Nice chatting with you.
 Good bye
 goodbye
 I had heard that. He even taught Ellie Kemper! He must have been a good teacher. 
 That would be nice to have access to because I refuse to fly. 
 i have heard that jim carrey doesnt make dramas anymore because he doesnt want to put that out into the world. i dig the positivity. 
 That makes sense. His comedies were better anyway! Thanks for chatting. Have a nice weekend!
 Have I?  It's like a second Christmas, Uncle Dave spends six months a year planning for it.  His insurance won't even cover him anymore.
 I believe it.  Craft brews have gotten so popular. People really like drinking beers with pictures of bicycles or horses on the label.
 Well... We do like our craft beer too.  I would like to think we kicked off the movement of hoppy, zingy brews.
 True, but craft beer does cost a lot more than those house malts.  Some of those dumps lost so much character.  On the upside, there is more on the menu now than just peanuts and pickled eggs.
 True, but in those old days, you could drink all night for ten quid.  Now, ten quid won't buy you a burger on a brioche bun.   Pubs are pubs in name only now.  Half of them may as well be named bistros.
 Ten times better.  You can only be so creative with crackers and a bag of Quavers.  Now, the fish and chips in some pubs is better than at a normal restaurant.  There are pubs with Michelin stars now.
 Now, it's not just male patrons. There is stroller parking and a kids menu.
 True.  The one thing that really changed for the better is, for a long time, you might see a given street with 6 or 7 pubs on it, and the only difference is that the glasses might be cleaner at one over another, now, you have pubs that are serving good food, or that are family friendly.
 I agree with those people 100% too.  They should all be packed into trucks and shipped to Ohio.   They should be forbidden from pubs entirely.
 Everything is expensive in Japan though.  The best way to go to Japan and make a small fortune is to start with a large one.
 I wonder if he ever traveled to Mackinac Island.  Nobody pays tolls there because there are very few vehicles allowed on the island.
 I enjoy drama in plays, operas, movies, etc. I am not a fan of drama in relationships. LOL Drama can be quite negative at times. In fact, Jim Carrey gave up doing drama because he wanted to avoid productions that do not project positivity.
 True. You know what actor is exceptional with drama? Hugh Laurie, the star of the series, House. The dude pulls down over $700k per episode!
 I would think so. Another great actor: Michael Caine. Whether it is a drama or comedy, he really does a great job! Did you know he originally went into acting because of the girls? Apparently he fancied the girls in his drama class. That might motivate me too...
 Yeah, and I have not seen him misbehaving like so many actors do. Either they are going into rehab or trying to save the planet somehow. Not that saving the planet is bad, just they often live with such passion that they overdo it sometimes. Are you into saving the earth or it's animal population?
 The good news is planet earth will be helium free by the end of the century. No more annoying helium voice gags!
 An ambassador to the aliens? Does Trump know about this? The wall would have to be pretty high to keep out those kind of aliens!  Well, I'm an optimist.  If the entirety of earth's history were but a single day, humans would inhabit only 1 minute and 17 seconds. I am confident we have plenty of seconds left.
 Yes it does. In ancient Greece, when a person died, people would ask only one question: Did he/she have passion? Making each second count is living with passion! Of course, when the earth was formed, a single day was only 5.5 hours long. So, we seem to be getting more seconds every day!
 Passionate about animals? I must be. I have 3 cats, a dog, 7 chickens, and a snake. Not all in one room though!  The earth has 20 Quintilian individual animals and 1/3 of them live with me. Another third stick to my windshield as I drive to work.
 I don't get hiccups. I'm still evolving. But my beliefs about animals are not changing. You know, in Germany, animals have constitutional rights!  I don't know how they handle that pesky carnivore issue, but it is going in the right direction!
 Few, if any. Although in Scotland, the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species. So, maybe this will coax old Nessie out of hiding?
 Could be. Maybe Nessie is just waiting for the constitutional rights to kick in.
 I starred in plays when I was younger, so yes. Loved it!
 That's sad. It really helped me with public speaking. I wish I could have had patrick stewart as my teacher!
 Hi, how are you?
 I do! The rapper drake graduated high school on october 2012 at the age of 25.
 I do not know any of his songs. I have listened to him but could not list any songs.
 I would have, my last name is not entertainment friendly... You?
 That's weird... Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 No, I do not have the need for speed... You?
 Nice chatting with you!
 Unfortunately, I don't know either song to have an opinion on it and I'm OK with this!
 yes that was the reason, the name stuck then. it was nice chatting with you
 It was nice chatting with you as well, have a great day!
 You too! Take it easy!
 Haha probably! I wonder what sound frequency causes fear in humans? 
 That would be hilarious, I think I'd watch it more if that happened.
 I like it. I usually listen when I am at the gym What about you?
 It depends on who it doing it. If it is Trump vs. Hilary, absolutely!
 I wonder if that would be a best selling album, like Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory?
 And if they screw up, they can just rerecord like Reel Big Fish!
 Yeah. I find them to be brilliant. Like NWA's straight outta compton which went platinum without major air play or a tour.
 well I play the Nintendo switch right now, it definitely ahs a lot more than the 54 colors that the NES had haha
 HAHA. I played contra on the throwback and it was terrible looking. Nice chatting with you!
 I like the odd rap track that I've heard over the years, but I definitely would not say I was a fan.
 I suppose if it has cultural significance it should be there, whether I like it or not.
 I recall him, he always seemed to be a bit of a comic figure, I can see that making sense.
 That's good, I like it when people in authority don't take themselves too seriously.  Just because you are a judge doesn't mean you can't entertain.
 Not so much now that I have Spotify.  There are  a number of albums I go back to over and over, especially when I have a long drive.
 I guess you have to do whatever it takes to keep the royalties rolling in.  The royalties keep rolling in for Pink Floyd.
 Me too. Well, it was a pleasure speaking with you. Have a good day. 
 Hey buddy guess what? I just started getting into rap post grammy show! Crazy right?
 That was around the time Dr Dre was big into his producing. The following year he actually had a lawsuit with a gynoclogist over his name XD
 yeah, Dr Drai who wrote "20 things you may not know about the vagina" and thought ppl would associate him with Dr Dre and cause "confusion"
 You are probably right. I heard that humans cannot synthesize vit c while almost all animal can synthesize their own vit c.
 would have been one less job for us . we have to now eat fruits . but we can breathe and swallow at the same time animals cant do that 
 That was interesting!  I need to learn more about humans, animals and their differences.  I've got to run now.  Have a nice day!
 Nice, I have a few CDs myself.  I believe my first one was Rush "2112".  I still have a few vinyls as well!
 Yeah I do use mp3s like everyone else but something about analog sound from like a record or cassette tape gives it a different sound.
 Well when you own a lot of records it takes up a lot of space, on the other hand my phone can probably hold 1000 records.  So mp3 is somewhat convenient too.
 Oh the NES, such fond memories.  Can't believe it was discontinued 15 years ago.  I wish I still had mine.
 I think my first game I played on it was Donkey Kong.  I wonder what people in ancient Rome would think of what we deem entertainment.  What would Caesar do?
 Haha well said.  Enjoyed the chat, take care!
 I don't know anyone either.  Be curious to see if anyone else out there has one still.  My grandparents had one as well.  Did you know that New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 lol  I remember the party lines and phone booths too.  We must be around the same age.  Now they have iphones, which only one of them has more computing power than the entire icbm US nuclear deterrent. 
 I'm not sure, but I am going to look it up.  I wonder how they know just how many minutes you stay off your phone?  I like the idea!
 I agree with you 100 percent.  Sometimes I wish we could go back to the days of the party lines.  I think that's when I had the most phone in my life.  lol  I don't like seeing everyone now with their heads buried in their phones like you described.
 I wouldn't have wanted that job laying those down.  Talk about a project.  lol  It's impossible to seperate 2 phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together.  I wonder if a lot of the kids now even know what a phone book is?  lol
 We do but only because we have to have one with our internet package.  There's no option to not have it either.  We never use it.
 I love reading!
 If I could read like that, I would be able to read a lot more than I do now.  lol
 I have never read it.  I think I've seen the movie.  lol  I see that it's suggested reading for many military organizations.
 The movie was pretty good!  In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of reading novels!
 I haven't seen the movie, either.  I can't believe there was a moral panic, boy they should see it nowadays!  Talk about moral panic, anyway, it's been so nice chatting with you this morning.  I really enjoyed it.  I hope you have a blessed day!
 Hi! I love reading. In fact, I've been wanting to read Starship Troopers since it's the first Sci-Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches! What about you?
 That's a good point! Not sure I'd be able to retain a thing. Ha! Speaking of reading, did you know both CS Lewis and Tolkien held competitions known as "You laugh, you lose" while reading horrible poetry. That's hilarious!
 Very cool to know. Well, it was great talking with you. Have a good day.
 Hi, how are you doing?
 Good, I do like basketball.
 It does, but physicists have proved it's the most absolute best technique to consistently score points on the line.
 Same here , have a good one
 I know a few. But I do not really know but a handful of the 300 registered superheroes in the US. How about you?
 I'm a little familiar with them.  There was a comic series about fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes.
 lol  There is a superhero called Normalman who is the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes.  I think they were running out of ideas when they created that character.
 OK. He can come on after the griping citizens... he can gripe about being normal... Maybe we end with Garfield and his Pet Force?
 Who would have thought they could turn Garfield into a superhero? lol
 He always considered himself one anyway... And his arch nemesis...Odie!  Are Pet Force Marvel or DC Universe characters?
 I'm not sure. lol  Stan Lee wrote 15 DC comics, re-imagining popular superheroes like Batman and Superman.
 I wonder what he felt about Pokemon?  Did he admire their successful 16-year run, with 50 episodes per year, or was he secretly jealous, waiting for his opportunity for revenge?
 That's a lot of episodes!  I never really got into Pokemon but my kids are into it.
 We steered our kids towards Thomas the Tank Engine. Did you know they have had multiple narrators over te years?
 My kids watched that when they were little.  I remember George Carlin.  Who were the others?
 Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin. I could believe Carlin in the role, but the others were a stretch...
 I lived it... I was Fez... I hear they did a UK remake. Ever see that?
 lol  I was going to ask you the same thing.  lol I haven't seen it.
 Well, it was canned after only 10 episodes. Not too soon if you ask me. This world cannot survive with more than one Fez!
 Sounds like a case for the Detective Comics! Perhaps Bart fell into the DC universe and we'll have to send Green Lantern in to find him!  Stay tuned for the next show...
 lol  I have to get going.  It's been fun chatting!
 Thank you, and you have a SUPER day! I have a meeting with the X-Men over in the Marvel Universe anyway...
 Hahaha  Have a good one!
 Yes, they are both fun to watch.A parody of Twilight's Edward Cullen on the episode Treehouse of Horror XXI was voiced by Daniel Radcliffe.
 Wow! That's a lot. In order to trademark the names super-hero and super-villain Marvel published a generic comic book.
 It was Blue Ear. He was created for a little boy that needed hearing aids and didn't want to wear them because as he told his mom superheroes don't wear hearing aids.
 I agree! It was nice chatting with you too!
 That is a lot!      What do they call the surface they play soccer on?
 I heard that it was originally just a slang term for association football.
 I wonder how that works, it would be an interesting thing to watch.  The rules to that must be crazy.
 Definitely!     I wonder how Lionel Messi would fare under those rules.
 Yes.    I also heard that Messi had some kind of record for consecutive Balloon d'Or awards.    Know any specifics?
 I saw one of his nine La Liga title games.      Makes Tom Brady pale in comparison!
 He might have been one of those kids who watched the 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 Personally, I think they ripped off Thomas the Tank Engine with George Carlin and Alec Baldwin.
 I can't believe they each narrated 52 episodes each of that show.  Especially Carlin, after his comedy sketches dealing with the vernacular usages of the F word.
 Well, I need to go,    there's a television program on right now!
 Hi, how are you?
 2. You?
 She is awesome so I think she could have done it. You?
 I don't know how you all do it. I get a runny nose and im out for 2 days.
 I had one while my wife was giving birth... They were the best. Gave me spritzers too!
 Haha that's funny! My husband didn't have that, but he could have snacks which I was jealous of.
 I felt so bad for my wife. 72 hours worth of labor. Nothing i could do but be supportive.
 Yuck! Mine was 18, but I was induced and had to push for over 4 hours! Oh well, all worth it in the end!  Nice talking with you!
 Ditto!
 i would do as many as they wanted for that price
 I was looking at that, too. I could be a lot of fun.
 Well, If we were as famous as Robin Williams, we may make the cut!
 i am doing really good today
 yeah i agree with you. 
 I have no idea what Jim Carrey is up to.  Is a successful actor / comedian about luck or talent.  Its like in a hockey game.  In the beginning the score is 0-0.  You might win, you might not.  Luck takes the puck.
 I had no idea about 54 colors.  Games have come a long way.  Blizzard entertainment gives its long time employees swords and shields. Presumably for the zombie apocalypse. 
 2003.  Haha.  I enjoy the old games every once in a while.  Hey, here is a fun idea.  The greek word for "drama" comes from "action".  In video games what it is... action.
 No kidding! Or if even Istanbul had put out vending machines for birds instead of stray dogs where you could trade recycled plastic bottles for treats, they'd still be here as well! Ha! Nice chatting with you today!
 Yeah. Anyways, nice chat! It was nice chatting with you!
 I love cars. Got a new Merc c3004matic. rocks. I believe Benz made the first car, not Ford.
 Something about micky dees and wwii, iirc. 
 wow. from gaming to the real thing. 
 yeah...and i dont even work for google...which officially has declared itself a dog company.
 cool. do u like elephants too. because they have something in common.
 right!  great speaking to you!
 same here.
 Super. What about you ?
 Yes. But I love cars.
 In 20th century only cars come to human uses. Firstly for the Military uses next only for civilian uses.
 Yes. In US only large number of people have cars compare to other part of the world.
 Yes. In the middle century cars reached biggest change due to technology like navigation system, air conditioning and parking alarm.
 Hyundai. What about you ?
 I think it's the way to protect the car. The cars are propelled through internal combustion engine which have fossil fuel to run, but it create so much pollution.
 It is very interesting. There no trees or any building to have shelter.
 Crows is the most intelligent birds, and sometimes it imitating human speech. Do you know ?
 Surely. Parrot is also good and Pigeon race competition is held.
 John Stewart was a soccer player and represented the US 
 Yes the rescue was tough it took a lot to find him and they said they were overwhelmed with joy
 Sure. I am a big sports fan. Baseball, basketball and football
 Yes, he called to speak to them. Looks like they reunited.
 That's good. I know he won't be playing around near Los Angeles' Griffith Park anymore.
 Haha. I think this kid learned his lesson.
 I don't think so. At least they sent the experts in to help him. I think the maintenance people should be thanked as well.
 oh okay that's good. Hey how old was the kid anyway?
 The World Cup sure is a popular event, it was played in Brazil in 2014 and a player from the Winning team (Germany) donated his whole bonus so that 23 children could have surgeries.
 I agree she must have some crazy skills.
 Yeah! i just heard there was a site where i could listen to old ones! i will be checking it out!
 Yeah. Very early things about the clubs on the strip and the stand up days. they were nuts. a lot of drugs
 I agree, but the system can not be made personally for everyone. i am gonna go look for that radio site. i hope you find abbott and costello tonight. Peace
 I'll be looking for something new too, something I can share with my kids.
 they can watch whos on first. lol
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. And color! Or pretty girls or we wouldn't have Michael Caine
 HAHAHA! I am sure they had inner beauty... I do not know where the hot girls were in my school but I could tell you where they weren't, near me...
 Small world... Nice chatting with you!
 Hello!
 I do like airplanes! I was reading about an autistic boy who loves them too!
 I know it's so cute! Now he's on the hunt for a limited edition plane by matchbox, so sweet!
 no, I haven't! But this boys mom kept looking and did find one, she got it on Ebay on the computer! Love it!
 Yeah, she got it for $4 and was shocked that she was the only bidder lmao 
 Haha, even though she was outbid by 1 dollar at first she still got it! The man who sent him that plane is an amazing person.
 The mom reached out to the matchbox company...that's who searched the warehouse and found one!
 lol, I understand! So do you ever watch horror films? I watch on my computer on netflix.....
 Oh, yes that was really funny! I am obsessed with horror films, the scary  kind not gory....older movies. 
 Exactly, or put the genre in his mind to push him to write. I looked up on my phone and computer facts about Stephen King and he's a pretty interesting person, I have seen all of his horror films!
 I am not sure which movie that is. I love the excitement of the horror films, it keeps my attention lol, I have always liked the rush I guess.
 Oh, that's no fun! I know horror isn't for everybody. I have never been bothered by any scary movie....kind of like I am on the hunt for a true heart pounding horror movie. I laugh at them sometimes.
 Very true! I think your imagination is more scary than what anyone can put in a film. I like horror books the best because of that reason. It has been great chatting!! Have a great day!!
 Ha! Maybe so! Speaking of The Simpson's, their crew actually sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. I thought that was pretty nice of them!
 That is a great point! Since we're on the subject of tv, did you know George Carlin, Alec Baldwin and Ringo Starr each narrated 52 episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine? I kind of wanna go back and rewatch it just to see if I recognize their voices. Ha!
 Indeed they are. It's too bad more stars can't be like that! But as much as I love TV, I also love the library and am glad there are more libraries than there are McDonald's here in the US and over half the adult population still has library cards!
 So true! Speaking of libraries, did you know that if you publish a book in Norway, the government buys 1000 copies and distributes them to libraries across their country! That's a great thing to do!
 My son loves South Park. lol. I got rid of my cable 2 years ago and bought a Roku. Best thing I ever did. I like to read a lot too. We have a great library in my town!
 Wow he must have been good at that. Nice chatting with you.
 hello, Have you been in D.C.?
 Hi, no I haven't. Too cold!
 Americans, given the growing debate over immigration, the Heurich House Museum's new exhibit, did you heard about that?
 I have heard that. I am really interested in checking out the porchfest festival. bands and musician play on people's porches and garages. Sounds fun! 
 yes for sure. by the way More than 50 local bands will set up makeshift stages on stoops and porches throughout the neighborhood, giving you a chance to discover new music in your own backyard, cool i guess
 Looks like dc has a lot goin on. did you hear about the tacoma park street festival?it has three stages with live music.
 Really? Sounds good.. and what about Coachella? I adore it!
 Yes, looks fun. Do you like rap? I love how they come up with all those rhymes that go with the rhythm of the music. I especially like the funny ones.
 I adore rap, my favorite.. me too lol Whose albums do you have?
 I don't have any more, maybe beyonce still have and will smith lol Did you know that Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century?
 yes that is for sure and also did you know that Two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992?
 Wow, that's pretty cool. They sound like some pretty cool dudes. lol. So I found out that Tupac's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance"
 oh he was the one and only, no one is like him...  Do you like basketball by the way?
 Only the playoffs. How about you?
 I like to watch and I adore Lebron James lol
 Me too! Kareem abdul-jabbar's dunk shots got banned from college basketball for over a decade. Way to go to ruin the fun for everyone. ha
 yes, agree lol. In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach, which is interesting to learn 
 Yeah, I wonder how much money that is? I'd like to work at the supreme court. the building had a court on the top floor called the highest court in the land. they got a sense of humor.
 yes, it was very nice to chat with you
 Oh ok, I think that may be more than what actual doctors make! The entertainment industry sure is lucrative! No wonder Ronald Regan wanted to also enter the entertainment industry, but was rejected for a movie role because he didn't have what the executives called "presidential look", how ironic.
 Yeah, maybe I shouldn't take these competitions so lightly, who knows, I may just get my big break, some day, far away.
 Howdy! I don't mind Best Buy its always kind of fun just to browse even though I don't plan on buying anything, I think that $200 seems high, I wouldn't buy it. For some people who are not very good with technology probably well worth it.
 Yeah I think that Best Buy and Amazon are going to stay competitive and stay profitable, I bet a lot of people prefer the convenience of buying online, but I like to be able to see it before you buy, sometimes the hassle of making a return and be frustrating. Kind of neat that Amazon started out as simply an online bookstore, I wish I could have been an investor in those early days.
 Oh wow! I haven't tried it but I see customers at Target use it. Do they give you a hard time for the price match process? I actually hate the one-click option because it uses your default card and at the push of a button, you purchase it and it sends it to your default address. Makes for purchasing products in a jiffy super streamlined.
 I think they did need a manager for the approval, it was kind of a process... but was really worth it, I would easily do it again no problem. I think I saved close to $100 I could have easily waited in line for just as long, even if there was a difficult process I would do it. I think though that as long as Walmart, or Best Buy is getting people in the doors and making purchases they are happy to match prices!
 Ahh that just sounds like good fun! From what I hear working at google would be an awesome job! Great benefits and good pay! Would be awesome to work there. I think they are based out in California? I am based closer to the Pacific Northwest my self, might be similar to work at Amazon one day... working towards a degree in IT... Who knows? I can dream right?
 Yeah I was in downtown Seattle recently too! The traffic by the new Amazon Go store was awful, we were stuck at the same light for like 10 minutes! We didn't get a chance to see the Amazon Go store, its a cool idea, that's the one with no cash registers right? Just walk out right? I think I really like that idea! sometimes waiting in line is just the worst
 Traffic is terrible and the cold and rain makes it especially worse. Yes, that's the cashless or no-employee store. I did try it out and it is pretty cool, but the store was a lot smaller than what I imagined. It's similar to a gas station convenience store, I think most people go for the pre-packed foods during lunch/dinner hours.
 Some of the new technology headed down the pipeline seems really cool, I wonder what will be next? I really like the idea of a smart home, stuff like Alexa. Sometimes that kind of tech is getting creepy, like you dont know if its listening? I think most companies are ethical and dont listen because they dont have to, looking to make a profit. Kind of creepy and neat that Google uses android phone locations to track traffic
 The only smart devices I have is a smart outlet, control it with an app. Its really kind of neat, is nice to be able to turn the lights on before I get into the house, especially if I am carrying something and can't hit the light switch. its got a security feature too that will have the lights on and turn off automatically when you are on vacation, makes it look like people are home. Somebody will do self driving cars soon, I wouldn't doubt it.
 hey there, how are you doing?
 My grandma used to have one. I don't remember if I actually used it or just played with it. I remember using phone books, though!
 Same here. Have a good one.
 Hello, how are you today? What are your interests?
 That's a crazy amount of concerts. i saw linkin park back in 2001 they performed 324 concerts that year alone. 
 Oh that s cool. I like that!! My kids are in the Navy!
 It was nice chatting with you today!
 Every carmaker owes a lot to Benz. Anyway, I had fun chatting!
 Yes you're right. It's crazy that it came out so much later. Good thing Alan Elliott came across it.
 Alan Elliot was the producer, right? I'm glad he and her estate were able to end their dispute so fans will have a chance to see the film.
 Yes it sounds very scary to live there. I'm just glad that we have drive-throughs though and that McDonald's invented them in 1975, thats saved me so much time
 I think yes, soldiers couldn't leave their cars in uniform and so McDonald's created the drive-thru, that's such a good idea!
 Oh, that was a nice gesture. Do you ever watch That 70's show?
 Yeah, it would be interesting. I'm glad we have the ability to use computers to look for that stuff. 
 Nor could I Hard to believe they've been around so long that in 1936 the Russians made a computer that ran on water.
 I know! That's what I was thinking! Well, good chatting.
 Well, I probably don't have to worry then, as I'm not going there any time soon!  But, if I am and the internet burns down they have it saved in Alexandria.
 Ok I'll check it out! Did you know that Amazon owns IMDb. It has since 1998
 That is crazy. That would burn a lot of calories! I love that Amazon delivers on Sundays too. They have a special contracts to do that
 I watch netflix every night. I don't even have cable anymore. 2007 was life changing when they started streaming.
 I agree. It is great. You must contribute to the 33% of all bandwidth in north america on netflix accounts at night.
 I sure do! Netflix combined with youtube is half the internet use in North america. It is big business!
 Without the internet, none of it would even be possible. the network of networks are linked by electronic, wireless, and optical tech.
 And amazon! It was started in 1994 as a book company and look how it has grown into furniture, jewelry, food, and toys!
 Jeff Bezos is an amazing guy. It was a good move by him to have amazon buy IMDB in 1998.
 I did! He got a building named after him! I wish I had beat him to the first customer spot for that honor!
 I love Netflix. It seems so essential now. I was a member when they just sent DVD's. From 9am to 12 am they account for 33% of bandwidth in North America. 
 Hello!
 Hi, how are you?
 I am great, thanks! So do you like shopping on Amazon? 
 I know what you mean! I do use Amazon and kinda stick to the sellers that I know have high quality products. If not I return them. I know someone who works in Amazon's warehouse and they walk 7 to 15 miles a day, they are so busy!
 I know! I used to work in a warehouse doing that wort of sork and summer was a sweaty mess! I am so glad Kohls has a return site for amazon now. It makes poor purchases a little more tolerable...
 Oh I watch a lot of shows on there, like Narcos and I like the Netflix originals. I am watching The Bundy Tapes Documentary now, so good! 
 Oh , you must watch the next season of Narcos it only gets better! Yes, The Bundy Tapes has me hooked. I am intrigued with true life crime shows. I am so glad Reed Hastings started Netflix lol I don't even have Cable anymore.
 Reed Hastings is the man who after getting 40 bucks in late fee's from a video store he came up with the idea of Netflix and then started it up. I did watch that, and Making a Murderer. Some shows I watch on the internet through an app too.
 Which show are speaking of, On Making a Murderer I haven't finished yet.
 Hahaha, yes you should catch up definitely! Yes, it's all about Ted Bundy's life and what led him to him being a murderer.....only watched 2 episodes so far but very good!
 I will check it out,. Nice chatting with you!
 That's so crazy to imagine!  If you don't use your cell phone, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute
 I remember that trial! Thanks for chatting, I learned a lot!
 You too.  If you get a chance check out Kardashian's book about herself being a trailblazer of the selfie movement titled selfish.
 Wow that is amazing. It was nice chatting with you.
 Ah the good old nintendo.  I played it a lot back in the day.  Still do.
 No doubt about that. What's even better is there are no concrete laws in reading but it just provides the reader an escape!
 Talk about the ultimate form of entertainment.  Of course sometimes it is fun to do other stuff like go to Chuck E cheese
 Yes agreed. Prior to 1963 students in the US were required to read from the bible. Thanks again for chatting with me today! Have a good one!
 You too.  It was a pleasure.
 Hello there.
 Love that one! I would have to say Pink Floyd. I am old enough I was buying vinyl in my teen years lol
 So was I.  I had quite a view vinyl some I inherited that ran at 78 RPM and not the standard 33 which came later in 1948.
 Cool, me too. It is crazy to think that The Dark Side of the Moon came out 40 years ago! I had a huge album collection. Loved them!
 I did. When cassettes came out I bought all of my music on them. I wish I would have kept my albums though. They are still being sold but not very often anymore.
 Yep, I bet it would be worth a lot! Still love that album. So do you have a smart phone and a landline telephone or just a cell phone?
 Yes! We have come so far. Makes you wonder what it will be like 100 years from now. Did you know birds ...their bones are hollow? Their skeleton weighs less than the feathers!
 I couldn't imagine flying to Mexico from Alaska without taking a nap, but birds can do that.  I can't do it on an airplane, haha.
 Hahaha! Me either. Birds are awesome creatures for sure. I think it's crazy there are ten thousand living species!
 That is a scary thought, a bird with arms lol...maybe they are a type of fish which some are while others are not. It's also interesting how they lay hard shelled eggs.
 It is a good thing birds don't have to carry our internet messages, telephone cables on the ocean floor take care of that.
 I love music! all genre's. I was reading about Sugarland Reuniting, I like them.
 Yes, they are very good and there songs tend to hit on whatever is happening in the world at that time. They like their music to be about truths of today.
 Yes, it did. I haven't heard their newest album since they came back after their hiatus but I hear it's good. 
 Yes it is, can't wait to hear it. Their Albums are considered country but I think they fall into other genre's as well.
 I guess they have only heard positive responses on social media, I guess there will always be controversy with anything. Nettles stated it's supposed to be provocative and polarizing and really at the same time it's a bridge. 
 I love all music, and genre's. I have to listen to it everyday. I love the older classic rock albums from back in my day and current music. I would say Aerosmith is a favorite and I love Foo Fighters and Linkin Park, how about you?
 Dark side of the Moon was one of my favorite Albums growing up, love Pink Floyd. Really great band. 
 Wow, that is amazing. Very impressive! I watched Straight Outta Compton the film and it is now one of my favorite movies. 
 They got back together? That's great news. It's nice they worked out those differences and decided to make music together again.
 Yeah, I heard Nettles said that Art was intended to be polarizing and provocative. But I also heard their current tour also uses their top hits from before as well and they say it fits with their new stuff.
 Yeah that might be fun to see the "Still the same tour". I could hear their new album too - though it's funny they're still called albums after going from records to cds to digital like today.
 There's all kinds of strange things about phones like that. There's litterally phone lines and internet cables just lying on the ocean floor and used for international calls.
 Not sure... though I do know how an iphone can have more power than the US ICBM department. I phones are new, while the nuke's computers are from the 70s or something so they can't be hacked by modern technology.
 Thanks to you as well. Hope you have a great rest of the night as well.
 Speaking of the senate and marketing, I guess the candy desk at the U.S. senate office has only candy made in Pennsylvania.
 That's crazy. Oh, by the way, if you're looking to listen to radio dramas for free, there's a website where you can do so!
 Yeah glad that has changed after women protested that. 
 Same here, and keep voting always
 Of course, have a great one
 Don't you think it is interesting when people are in love with someone they have known all their lives?
 I totally agree! Friendship is the basis for ALL successful relationships
 That sounds like me too! I met my best friend when we were both in first grade. Now years later, after college we are closer than ever.
 So true. I think some of the sweetest weddings I've been to are people that have known each other for years and suddenly realized they are meant to be. It makes it even sweeter when they find each other again after a time apart. 
 I get it. I am grateful that it finally dawned on me that my friend was the one for me. I am glad I realized it before it was too late. Better late than never, I suppose!
 I would say maybe 70%. Sheeran is such a good songwriter. He writes amazing loves songs without being sappy.
 You are right. He is a student of music. He has worked hard to be the best at his craft. He is a master of storytelling, set to amazing music.
 I like them, but I'm more of a cat person. I like cats because they're genetically more similar to their wildcat ancestors than dogs are to wolves.
 thats what I think, but I'd have to see the research, dogs can have eureka moments too when they solve a puzzle, they get a feeling of joy, that makes me happy :)
 Same. Animal joy is so obviously real, and so contagious!
 I know a lot of them do. I'm really interested in the "library of things" phenomenon. The library in the county seat here opened up a tool library, which is really neat. I like the idea of libraries as community hubs.
 Makes sense. The more services you offer, the more of the community you're of value to.
 Yeah. They empower a lot of people who couldn't get the information elsewhere. Probably a great way to escape for kids with close-minded families.
 Nice talking to you!
 I am the parent of two adult sons.  The are in their young 20s.  One visited us this weekend.  Adult children are enjoyable.  College life is certainly different than when I attended.
 We downsized from our family home of 20 years in 2017, and enjoying living in a condo on the lake.  Busy during the summer, but quiet this time of year.  
 Yes I enjoy a good car ride.  I prefer to drive in rural areas and enjoy the scenery rather than in hustle bustle of city driving.
 I find it surprising that drive thrus were not available until 1975!  I remember car hops bringing root beer floats to my parents car that was parked at the restaurant, but seems like drive thrus have been around forever.
 Are you a dog owner?  Our dog likes going through the drive through of any business because there are treats to be had.  He especially likes the kiddie ice cream cones our local McDonald's gives him.
 Yes I agree Google is a dog company, but I learned recently that dogs are not truly color blind, they just do not see all the different colors we see.
 Ha ha.  Our dog is very smart and can tell by the shoes we put on when leaving the house if he is going with us or not.  Also recently learned there are twelve different blood types found in dogs, and there is such as thing as a blood drive for dogs.
 I believe humans have three primary blood types, A, B, O but then each of those blood types then can be combined and also negative or positive.  I might have to take a trip to the library to find out the exact number, but pretty sure not twelve blood types in humans.
 Dogs were the first animals to be domesticated and certainly found a great place in the American household.  Much different than when dogs "worked" on farms.  I work in a children's hospital and we have working dogs there to visit with the kids.  Our dog would be too rowdy and too pampered to work.
 They did not. I didn't go to college until I was 22 because I was in the military. 
 That's funny. I would have to agree with Google. I like dogs much more than cats.
 lol, I enjoy admiring art! I really like to got to museums and galleries!
 No I haven't. But would like to! I love the idea babies smile more when they hear a beat!
 Yes, There are few larger parrots that love to dance back and forth to music. You would enjoy watching, very cute. 
 Great idea! , Michael Caine makes me laugh with why he became an actor. He never blinks in his movies.lol
 Yeah me neither but it sounds cool. Nice chat
 I could see him being good at dance. I think a lot of the things a dancer needs, someone who is a martial arts expert would have his skill set. When you talk about dancing. I think about Michael Jackson. Dude was a little different, but he could move. Did stuff you never seen before. He actually has a patent for a device he used to do some of those crazy leans he did in his dancing.
 Im sure he could afford to go through as many shoes as he could possibly wear out. lol. You know. I guess I am more into dance than I thought. Huh. Sometimes my two year old son will hear a song he likes and start dancing. Its funny how he does it too. Hes been doing that since he was a baby.
 
 Well if a persons mind was inside the robot then I dont see why it couldnt comprehend emotions I just dont see how a person would be able to get the physical pleasures that life so often gives us as humans. 
 Oh, wow that is super cool!  I like am channels when storms or bad weather is near me.
 I really am not a fan but it's because I haven't really listened to a lot of his music yet.
 hello 
 Hi, what do you think of Nicki Minaj making history with 100 appearances on the Billboard 100 chart?
 oh degrassi i remember that tv show and i like drake 
 yes sure, so hey it was nice talking to you 
 you too
 Well it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 same here and have a good one
 haha I could use a flame thrower right now its so cold in MI haha
 me too, keep a lookout for those apple clothes!
 Me too! Mine has more to do with my height than anything else. I am too big to be a fashionista!
 I do not, I am 6'6" and cheap. Not a recipe for being a fashionista. I would hate to be the fashionista to look at that though.
 I was probably on it at that time. I would love to own their stock though! It's trading aroun $1.1K
 That's a lot of power! I would be worried if I were armstrong though!
 Hi, do you like music?
 Very much, I was so excited to learn that "/hybrid Theory"from linkin park has been the best selling album in  the 21st century!!
 Yes, I had many and also vinyls and the Cd's
 I even remember the 78 rpm records, and I loved the books they cam in, they were sort of phtograph albums, with artist's pictures, it was really cool!
 I wish the music had that today. I remember reading the CD jackets as soon as I got them. I can remember checking out artists mentioned in my favorite ablums.
 That was a beautiful part of it. Also really beautiful are soundtracks!!
 I did not know that either!! that is really neat. Remember Tarzan, I really loved Phill Collins performances for that movie!!
 Yeah. I think Phil Collins is seriously under rated. I think he is really talented. 
 Yes I admire him a lot, and it is so cool that he recorded in 5 languages!
 That is so neat! those are details that make you enjoy the movies even more. Did you watch Tron,? It has a unique soundtrack!
 It is very sci fi, and super inspiring. It is made by daft punk, I love that duo!
 I love that they negotiated with their robot helmets on. Seems like something they would do.
 Incognito style!! and very simple, they just needed a good breakfast with pancakes to say yes
 Did you watch the Chapelle Show? The one where Prince made them pancakes after a basketball game?
 No, that sounds interesting. well it is time to go. It was really nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, that's the same for cars, I'm not sure how long I should hold a car for, but McDonald's actually invented the drive-thru to accommodate soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while in uniforms. I use the drive thru lanes pretty frequently!
 Oh wow, speaking of Iceland, I hope to visit that amazing country some day.
 hello, lets talk about old cassette mix tapes
 not really, but my uncle has. Did you like Elvis?
 Do you like the process of moving to a new place?
 oh I understand you, and don't you have any records, CDs and cassette tapes?
 no, unfortunately me too. and do you use itunes playlist?
 oh nice, There was no dragging and dropping with a mix tape. 
 wow so nice, what is your favorite car?
 I like bmw a lot, did you know that Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 yes, also did you know that It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking?
 And do you like linkin park?
 Love them!  I listen to them when I go for a run all the time.
 Oh yeah I think the cassette is making a comeback as well.  Anyways, its been fun talking with you.  I hope you have a good day!
 Also admire the generosity of Microsoft's founder, Bill Gates. His foundation is using profits to provide medical aid and other services worldwide.
 Hey, how are you?
 Agreed! I remember studying her when I was younger and she seemed really inspirational, especially at a time when youth need that...
 Wow, that's a more than I wouldve guessed. The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Also, the library in Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it burns down!  Whew!
 Haha. That's funny... 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt. everest. Those sherpas can finally connect with their families! Good for them....
 I did not. Any good?
 I have no idea.  I've read some cs lewis and tolkien.  These authors apparently had "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry.
 Can you imagine being the author of the poetry they're laughing at while you're in the room with them. I would be so humiliated. Then make fun of their shoes
 Can you imagine the joy of widespread reading now? The space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram.
 Doesn't seem like a lot.  I know some kids who wished there was moral panic over reading to get out of reading.
 In 1936, the russians made a computer that ran on water. 
 Huh... Sure, it would be a great invention in Water World. Kevin Costner would be so happy!
 It was passable...Transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks
 I am not sure. I do know that there is slang sign language. A friend signs and walks away from conversations saying "That's a ghetto bitch" (sorry for the language!)
 Wow I guess if you climb there you want to brag about it with a selfie.
 Oh that sounds really funny!  Do you ever speed read?  The world record is 4700 words per minute
 I guess kids today would have liked that rule
 Hi, how are you?
 I do. I spent way too much because I just got my first job. 
 Yeah. The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Yeah, that's not a lot! Constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain
 Probably so the sherpas can give proper credit...Smoking near apple computers voids the warranty by making it "a biohazard"
 Yeah... In 1936, the russians made a computer that ran on water.
 That's weird... I hope they don't get sick with a virus! Ha (dad joke)... Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 I would be so embarrassed if they laughed at me. I mean so much ego...
 I would remember 2 words. I can barely read normally..
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hopefully students find reading as fascinating as we older people once did, when there weren't any electronic devices in the mix. Reading does require continuous practice, development, and refinement, creativity, and critical analysis. I love reading.
 yes. I mean, I will be honest with You, I'm not the most polite guy in real life AND in internet, ( I mean I would never attack someone just based on his/her looks or religious believes ) but sometimes in political discussion I can get nasty... BUT, everywhere I'm using my picture and real first and last name... I stand behind what I say...
 yes, people can be easily hurt by haters, sometimes they make terrible things because someone said some mean things about them on the internet... ;)
 Great chatting with You, happy and healthy New Year ;)
 you too
 Bye bye :)
 Yeah it sure was, I suggest you watch it sometime.  Anyways, it has been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 I do use it, not as I used to but I do, I remember there was this Burger King promotion I got my free Whopper by unfriending 10 people.
 Yeah, I bet they are regretting it big time now although Facebook wouldn't be the same if they had bought it, who knows maybe it wouldn't exist nowadays.
 Target is at a 13 year high in sales growth.  Home goods and toys are leading this.
 Oh yes!  Target really had amazing growth.  I think I might be contributing to their success a bit with my spending!    The Home Goods selections at Target probably do drive a lot of their sales.  They are affordable and trendy.  
 We do all our Grocery shopping there.  I heard that Target and Best Buy will price match Amazon.
 I would think so.  Also, target doesn't sell cigarettes.  They havent had tobacco products since 19960
 No I am not.  They scare me, but maybe I should if they can burn more than 180 calories.
 For sure!  Do you know what a waterphone is?  I guess it is used to make the scary noises in horror movies.  
 No not really, I did watch an HBO documentary about his final years, really interesting and complete, what about you?
 That is a great thing to do! I mean others would want vengance but instead he decided to help others, a real role model. 
 There are many interesting facts indeed, I didnt know that but thanks for that fact.
 Yeah. Kids see things differently. Stephen King thought Bambi was a horror flick when he saw it as a child
 Yeah. I hear one enjoys abstract art more when viewed after a horror flick. So you become more refined on top of being leaner.
 Well i dropped my iphone in water and it makes some weird noises. Still better than their clothing line
 Really. Even after Labour Day? I wonder why no other animals besides humans wear clothes. You figure a monkey could make a hat out of a banana or something
 i bought some clothes found in unclaimed baggage once. Lot of bang for the buck
 Yeah. Picked up a camera too.
 Well i still use my rotary to dial 212. Its faster somehow
 My phonebook is stuck. Some prankster did something
 crazy. nice chatting with u
 It was hilarious. After that episode aired, The Simpsons crew sent flowers to the South Park office which is find very funny. 
 Hello! I love the old Mustangs...and you?
 The power and the look mostly, always liked them. Back in my teen years they were the best car to have. 
 My favorite car is the honda accord, back in the days I like the chrysler.
 Exactly! I hear they are good to work for. They have such good prices on their clothing and pretty good quality as well.
 I know, I would love to go there too, good deals I bet!
 Mine did too! A nice park with a duck pond and fish. When I lived in my hometown I used it a lot as a work and study space because of the big tables and free wireless.
 That's great! I'm actually trying to get hired here at the library now, and already have my application in for it. They are always having fun events there too, as I read on the billboard, anyway.
 Awesome! The town I live in has a little library that's open four days a week, and I put in an application when they had an opening. I'll try again if another spot opens up. Is it your original hometown library you applied to?
 No, I've moved out of state. The library here is much larger and nicer, but there is not park. I heard there's a library in Sacramento that has a things section. That's cool!
 The one in the county seat town here had a tool library for a while, but unfortunately they had to discontinue it at least temporarily because of remodeling.
 Definitely! I'm doing research right now on municipalist movements and commons-based local economies -- tool libraries, community hubs, hackerspaces, etc. -- and that kind of stuff is my bread and butter.
 I like this program in Norway where if you publish a book, the government will buy copies to give to libraries. They'll buy 1000, and if the book is for children they will buy 1500!
 That's awesome! It's especially cool when libraries stock up on local authors and celebrate local culture.
 My old hometown library also had a cool program where they took locals artwork and displayed it so that the public could view it and even buy it if they wanted. They had some really beautiful pieces, I remember.
 Yeah, public libraries are great community spaces.
 The library at one of my old colleges had one of the best architecture for a library. They had elevators but also winding staircases and also outside they had a koi pond. 
 That sounds like a really cool place. After they expanded the library in my hometown you could sit and watch the ducks in the pond through a wall of glass while you read.
 Studying by a koi pond sounds like one of the best things ever. Only thing that could beat that would be craft beer on tap.
 I love the clothing from Target too, so cute. A lot of growth has comefrom their private label brands.
 It seems like there are a lot of factors in Target's recent success. 
 Maybe more companies should start that kind of promotion. A free apple pie if you stop using Apple products?
 Google definitely won't censor that, since Apple is their competition!
 I love Google!
 I saw that it is on facebook. That is very cool. It is also cool that it will be saved forever along with the rest of the internet in the library of Alexandria.
 That's amazing. Have you ever tried Google Translate or Google Maps? It astounds me how far we have come...
 I really like using Google products. And I like that Google hired goats to mow their lawns.
 I live in Northern California and a couple of times a year we see goats being used to "mow". Were you alive when people used paper maps? 
 I was and I do not miss using them and getting lost. I have a terrible sense of direction. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun things today.
 Keep learning and hire a goat to mow your lawn if needed.
 Haha I could see that. I need to watch more horror movies though, they can burn up to 180 calories per movie and I can lose some weight haha
 Yep you're right. I was glad to hear that the little boy from it, Danny, never knew that he was in a horror movie as a kid. he only later found out as an adult
 Cool, I have an old school Cadillac Coupe De Ville, pearl white in color, just spent $ 3000 of my income tax refund on a new transmission and she drives like a top, now!
 You too, enjoy the rest of your Friday evening.  I'm going to slap a coat of wax on ole Nellie Belle. Talk to you later, friend.
 Nice. I play mostly XBOX. Activision, the company who created COD, raises money for veterans!
 Ah, I have not played it but it does have a good storyline. I should go check it out  sometime.
 It was great talking with you too! Thank's for your time!
 Have a good night!
 That's right!  The cables that carry the phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
 I know.  Seems like something would have clipped them like a lobster.  It's impossible to separate 2 phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together.  Interesting.
 lol
 Sorry I hit the enter button before.  That is crazy to think a little phone has that much power.
 I wonder if that's real?  I would sign up in a heartbeat for that.  If I could only stay off the internet....
 I saw that.  I think I suffer from the constant novelty from clicking links on the internet. lol
 That's funny!  I never knew that!  7% of the people read the full terms when buying a product or service in the internet.
 I do.  I don't want any financial surprises. lol  
 That would be neat to make a phone call from Mt. Everest. lol  It's been fun chatting!
 That would be very cool. Great chatting with you too!
 They did an episode making fun of Family Guy and the Simpsons crew sent the SOuth Park guys flowers.
 Yes, George Carlin of all people. He never did say The Seven Words You Can't Say on TV" though for some reason when he narrated."
 And Alec Baldwin didn't leave any angry abusive voicemails either when he narrated.
 Hanson?  Wow, that brings back some memories.  Mmmm, bop!  lol
 There really exists such a book? Well maybe that's how the term "Bigfoot Erotica" came to light. I prefer to listen to the radio instead of reading eroticas about Bigfoot haha.
 Agreed! I actually visit this site frequently that let's you listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free. I'd prefer that over a Bigfoot erotica book as well. 
 I'm glad they're finally fixing that bug. I disabled FaceTime on my phone as soon as I heard about it. It's great that the radio can keep people aware of issues like that!
 Yeah...I like the Knicks. But Reggie Miller used to always one-up them. They should've hired his sister.
 I heard they were banned.
 Ah...well if Nike would pay me, I'd wear them. Do they help when shooting granny style?
 Yeah...Physicists know what they are doing.
 Really? What about Eminem. Is he not culturally significant?
 Well, he caused a Michigan judge to rap from the Bench, so that's something.
 HMMM, I bet that was hilarious. 
 Not as hilarious as granny style, for sure. 
 Yeah...someone should've paid Duncan instead. He's very likeable and sacrificed a lot of money
 Yeah...probably could be a physicist and study the Earth. 80% of its natural forests have been destroyed, so somebody better get on it.
 you to man, thanks for the time and happy holidays
 Same to you!
 Hello Do you like animals?
 I love them!  There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.  That's a lot!
 That has to be an interesting job I would think.  In 2002 Germany became the first country in the world to give animals consitutionally guaranteed legal rights.  I wonder if does work in Germany?
 Wow.  I didn't know.  That's neat!  Under the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act, the Loch Ness monster is a protected species!
 LOL  Funny stuff!  Hiccups are something that has stayed around since early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.  
 Neat.  I never knew that Virginia is a hotspot to go Bigfoot hunting!
 lol yes!  Do you still listen to the radio at all?
 Me too.  In Canada, it's a law that all radios are required to have at least 40 percent Canadian music to be played on them.
 True.  There is a website people can go to listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.  Those were around long before my time.  Don't think I ever heard one.
 Right? lol  I have to get going.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you!  Have a good evening!
 Telephone is a telecommunication device which allows two user to have conversation.
 Its very shocking. The cables carrying phone and internet data across. Optic fibre cables are used in now days.
 The telephone have microphone to speak and earphone to reproduce the sound in the distance location.
 In 1876, Alexander Graham Bell.
 It was further developed finally it is in mobile form today.
 Constantly using Internet leads to addiction, we use it for a purpose it is good.
 No, Unnecessary usage of internet leads to such addiction.
 Email is the important communication service available on the internet. It reduce the usage of post service.
 The main purpose of internet is Data sharing, we can share the files via through Email.
 Very interesting! I think it's funny how the pommel horse was invented so soldiers could practice mounting their horses. Did you know that?
 ok I'll have to check those out! at the very least it will help me to burn 180 calories!
 Yeah, its cool that alexandira has a saved copy of the internet in case it shuts down, so smart. 
 Interesting I did not know that. He does look flexible in all of his movies. 
 It is interesting that Spotify has 4 million songs that haven't been played once. 
 They all have various story lines. Its kind of having someone read a novel out loud but they use different voices for each character and have sound effects to help you visualize. I really used to like them as a kid. 
 well, i tried doing a moonwalk, but a lawyer stopped me. Apparently i was violating michael jacksons IP rights.
 yeah, he has a patent on the device that allows u to do that.
 well, the cha cha championship is pretty competitive. u need everything u got when ur up against Bruce Lee
 yeah, you can go thru a lot of pointe shoes once you have a baby
 I've listened to some Tupac on Spotify. He also danced ballet in High School
 well sometimes i just default on the radio. if its goood enough for wwii soldiers, its good enough for me
 yeah. they want Canadian music. i think we need flamethrowers on candian radios
 yeah, u can probably find more stuff in classical latin,
 Thats cool. I think i can manage a silent album
 lets do that now! take care!
 It would be even better on my Grandpa's old foxhole radio from the war!
 Hello, yes I love music and dancing!
 It is hard to imagine but I believe he played a mouse king in the nutcracker!! A hidden talent he had
 there is something I love, it is to see babies dancing when they listen to music and smiling at the same time!!
 Who knows? well I heard a silent album help earn about $20,000 to a band!
 yup indeed, they used the money to fund a tour! Thats amazing!
 Yes! that is cool! I did not know the developer of spotify also developed utorrent!
 wow that is impressive, and yes I remember when I launched in 2008, it was such a cool idea
 People can earn money but they need almost 135K plays per day to get minimum wage
 that is good
 And i am curious to listen to the finnish station that plays a programme in classical latin
 I've never watched it either. I don't personally like soccer a lot. I don't know why it is the most popular World sport that seems insane haha
 Yep that's what I heard too. I won't be watching the World Cup in 2022 unless the USA is in it. And even that I probably won't haha
 I read about the German player who donated his bonus to pay for surgeries for kids. That was a kind thing to do.
 Thank you for chatting with me, it was a pleasure and fun.
 Yeah, my car is all modified, I would like to be a professional car driver just like Jann Mardenborough.
 it was great chatting with you :D
 I'm not sure, there's so much static on the AM station that maybe I have heard it!!  I recently learned that soldiers in WWII made radios using just a razorblade and a pencil.  Maybe they were listening to a lot of Jupiter?!
 Could be ;) I'm just wondering how did they take power to start it up ? ;)
 Yes sir, I'm from Europe, we are being born with football balls stocked to our feet ;)
 That's true, but I guess not for USA right ? 
 Nankatsu :) lol, have You watched ?
 Sorry ;) it was a joke, Nankatsu is a famous team from my favorite Japanese cartoon ;)
 Ahh yes, I think I've heard about it - that was an amazing gesture... we need more people like that !
 It's actually very interesting watching a game You know with some new sets of rules ! ;)
 I would like to see one of those games some day.  I need to get going, it was great chatting with you!
 You are funny.  They said they did not want to look stupid.
 I personally think so.  But the scientific community does not think so.  Anyway, I've go to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 Yes. I respect him for it. Well, it
 It got started back in the year 1989, so its been around for a long time, I think im going to search for that drama site now, thanks for the info and for the chat
 Are you a tennis fan by chance? Novak Djokovic sure is a great player.
 Im not actually. I dont even know who he is.
 I heard they did that. Pretty genius if you ask me.
 Yeah I believe it was played over the course of a few days.
 Some people get kicked out for grunting too much. Some circles consider that cheating.
 Did you ever play table tennis.
 I sure wouldn't either. I used to think it was called ping pong. How silly of me.
 I love nintendo. I think super nintendo was better though. 
 Thats cool. I think we have better stuff to do these days. Dont you.
 Yeah I think he was in a few things before he became president.
 I would like to see those movies. They should have them on Netflix. The original Nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in September 2003 in Japan. It had a great run.
 It did have a great run. i know I bought a few of them over the years. Have a good one.
 I've not heard of that but I guess it's a tennis game? Now that you mention it, I wasn't too bad at tennis on the Wii! I guess we owe our love of polo shirts since they were invented for tennis by Lacoste.
 That's true. The guys need to step up!  A funny thing that happened in the late 1960's was that they used a helicopter to dry the grass before they could play the US open in 1969!
 Wow, how could that happen? So do you still play video tennis games? Did you ever play on the original Nintendo? It's crazy that it only had 54 color display. Entertainment has come a long way!
 Oh wow! That would be something since they stopped selling them in Japan that year. Did you ever watch Bill Nye The Science Guy for entertainment? My kids loved that show.
 Is a tennis ball solid?    I know the outside is felt.
 Nope, but I do know that the longest match ever topped eleven hours!
 Cool.    Drama goes back to the ancient greeks and Aristotle's Poetics.
 I agree.   Well, nice chatting, and remember to be like Michael Caine:    Go for the prettiest girls who are all in drama!
 I did a long time ago. Did you?
 That's not a lot. I did see Contra the other day and it looked so old!
 It had colors. 2D though. Only left/right and up/down. It was one of those old school boxes with like 20 games on it.
 HA! I never thought of it that way. That's funny! Like the Supreme Court having a basketball court on the roof.
 They do! The notorious RBG has serious crossover skills. Trips up kennedy every time. 
 $3M!!! Kickball is called soccer-baseball in canada. That's cute.
 Not in modern baseball. Can you imagine Sparky Anderson or Jim Leyland take a few hacks up there?
 I wonder if they have to play 40% jupiter music like Canada has to?
 I am well. Do you like baseball?
 A little. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, me too, Have a good night.
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 That must be exhausting!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you have a very good day, friend.
 Lucky that person, I hope it was a decent building and not just some block in a industrial complex.  I'm guessing it wasn't delivered on a Sunday, that first order.
 Yeah, probably not.Does Amazon deliver on Sundays?
 That is really amazing! You are talking me into ordering stuff!
 Facebook can be fun. Are you familiar with the FB/Burger King promotion?
 I have recently discovered it.  Kind of contrary, I wonder how Facebook feel about it?  I'd imagine Facebook will be unfriending Burger King in the corporate version of social media.
 Yep, you are 100% correct! Burger King was offering a free Whopper to anyone who would unfriend 10 people. 
 Most of my FB activity is using the "like" button, so I'd be pretty bored without it. It was good chatting today!
 Goodbye.
 Believe it or not I don't. I had one for a couple years but, I hated all the advertising.
 It's because Mark Zuckerberg suffers from red green color blindness. Maybe you should try out that Burger King promotion where are you unfriend 10 people and you get a free whopper! 
 Yeah thats helpful. I do most of my Christmas shopping on Amazon. Everything is so much cheaper. I got my kids these 7 foot bean bags with memory foam in them for less than 200 bucks. Great deal.
 Oh yeah. Its funny how they started out as an online book store and became the worlds largest internet retailer, based on revenue and market capitalization. 
 Thats not really surprising, I worked at a car parts factory delivering parts to the line and I pulled pallets at least 15 miles every day. I heard that Amazons first customer only spent around 30 bucks and they named a building after him. That would be cool. 
 Thats cool. I think her record is like 4700 words per minute. I wonder how they test it to be sure she actually read all she said she did for the record. 
 For sure. It was nice chatting with you.
 The outside ones, if you buy popcorn they will try and get it.  I love to go to outdoor concerts. Some of the ones I have been to have fireworks also. Lots of fun!!
 Thanks!!
 Or just looking for the attention like the school shooters, well at least thats my opinion, and it looks like girls are connected more than guys.
 oh I see. thanks for clarifying. This constant online usage really affects people's perception of "fitting in" and loneliness I think. However, in another light, teens used these platforms to communicate with another during the Parkland shootings
 Same here. nice chat
 Hi, how are you?
 Oddly enough, I am part of the 7%! However, I did not know that number would be so low. Must be why MySpace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005! Haha
 They would have either made a killing or run it into the ground. I am not sure which one.
 Burger King had a promotion that if you unfriended 10 people, you got a free whopper! I only have like 100 friends so I would have lost 10% of my friends. I would have gladly done it though...
 Nice chatting with you!
 Did you know MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75M? Bet they regret that one. 
 No doubt since Facebook was valued at $104 billion in Feb. 2012.
 THat's so crazy to imagine. So much money. Zuckerburg used blue as the main color on the site because he suffers from colorblindness. 
 I never knew that!  I can't believe it's been around 15 years already since he founded the company in 2004.
 Wow. I still remember opening my account. Seems like yesterday. Iceland is rewriting their constitution through Facebook so the public can make changes and suggestions.
 That's pretty neat.  Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.  I wonder why?
 Hmmmm, no idea. That seems really weird. Burger King once had a promotion where you could get a free Whopper by unfriending 10 people. 
 Nice.  I would have racked up quite a few free whoppers.  ...with cheese please!  lol
 Haha. So do you like Whoppers more than Big Macs? McDonalds added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.  
 I do like whoppers better.  lol  I had no idea it was that late.  I'm surprised I don't remember them not having them.  The trunk of  cars became to be known that because in the old days people used to carry wooden trunks on the back of their cars.
 Interesting. In South Africa you can equip your car with a flamethrower to prevent carjackers. Wonder if oil slicks are ok?
 LOL  Did you hear how Jann Mardenborough became a pro race car driver?
 They beat 90,000 people in the Gran Turismo video game!
 I was just playing with my daughter last week. I heard Nick Cage convinced Johnny Depp to pursue acting while playing Monopoly. 
 Nice!  The longest game of monopoly lasted 70 days!  Whoa!
 I think I've played a few games that were close to that. Haha. 
 lol  Me too!  Every sweepstakes must legally have a free method of entry and that's why you can get free McDonalds monopoly pieces by mail!
 Monopoly is actually outlawed in North Korea and Cuba for being so clearly capitalist. 
 I can believe it. It's been fun chatting with you!
 you too!
 That's about as long as I'm thinking' I played last. I've never played any of the spin off versions but I did buy an anniversary set in 1997, I think it was? It's floating around in the garage or a closet somewhere. I should dig it out to torture the teenagers and give them an old school lesson on the injustices of capitalism! 
 Seventy days? Had to be pre-Facebook and Twitter to accomplish that! The McDonald's version frustrated me. I always needed Boardwalk, along with most of other players. McDonald's is and always will be my guilty pleasure. 
 HA! I despise snow. Back when my husband was in The Marines, we actually spent a year in ZA, which was nothing like I thought it would be because my knowledge was limited to late night infomercials about starving children.... Anyway, yeah, now I want to see some YouTube videos of this because I never saw any of the sort there! Fun fact - Marines still aren't allowed anywhere off base in their cammies. 
 haha I would hav edone it with people I don't like on fb lol, id get that free whopper
 Haha, I love whoppers and if it's free, I especially love! McDonald's was the one to start the drive-thru trend because they wanted to accommodate soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms. I use it a lot to this day! Great invention!
 I'm not sure but imagine if they patented it or trademarked it, that would be a great income!
 yes! Speaking of which I'm goign to go to a drive through now, see ya :)
 Have a good day, enjoy your lunch!
 Yea, I love Seinfeld. Nice to see Julia Louis-Dreyfus win the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor
 Hello
 Mostly you tube on my phone. I used to listen to the radio a lot more.
 Yeah. Im using my computer right now. 
 I think it might be kind of cool to listen to a couple of them. 
 Nope. I couldnt understand it. Maybe I would if I was trying to learn latin.
 Did you know they made radios while fighting in WW2
 They made their own radios using a razorblade and a pencil as the diobe
 Probably am radio or a bunch of german stuff
 not sure. did you know that a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun
 Yeah that or harness the suns rays effeciently.
 i think solar needs a lot of work then.
 Me to. TTYL.
 It makes a lot of sense that Julia Louis-Dreyfus would win the Mark Twain award, don't you think?
 Absolutely I am a huge fan of hers.
 Even more proof that Julia deserved the award for her continued work in comedy.
 Would be interesting to see how she compares to comedians in general. I imagine she's up there towards the top. 
 She is tops in my book, I absolutely love her.
 IT was very good and very funny
 Yes, you're right. My Grandma loves DWTS. I think she likes country radio more, though. From 8 to 8 she's got it on at all times.
 I was about to say I wish they had dancing with the horses, but I guess equestrian sports are close! I did see dancing with dogs on a talent show. I go honor my Granny and listen to a country song now for old times sake!
 Thanks, you too! After that I'll have to change the mood with a comedy show, though!
 Hello - I use the radio everyday. What about you? 
 I love listening to music on the radio. my commute is about 45 mins each way to work so I use it to pass the time.
 I do enjoy comedy. What about you
 Totally. I like that you can still listen to comedy on the radio.
 Did you know U2 was once introduced as a Country Music band?
 This  happened in 1987 and they had Wigs and costumes
 No I did not know that. Interesting. I just learned that the fender stratocaster guitar was designed for country music.
 It is beautiful to see how music transforms. It also has roots in folk music and blues. 
 Yes, I like dance too. Like Dancing with the stars
 what a beautiful and inspiring story also an Instagram model who is competing because her mom, who died of breast cancer
 That is right, that gives us more motivation to watch the show. The 27th season was announced by ABC recently
 Yeah, watching the show with loved ones would be a good idea
 One of the cast members of this season is called Bobby bones who is a country radio personality and stand up comedian, he also has a band
 He was a mentor on American Idol last season, too.
 Yes and hosts the most popular morning country show
 Maybe he will not annoy you as much when dancing... talking about comedy shows did you ever watch 3rd rock from the sun
 I did watch it, thought it was never one of my favorites.
 I loved it and It did beat Frasier, Seinfield and even friends... I did like all those shows
 Good night!
 Hi, just a little! For example i have learned about a president that is musician
 Yes he has released 3 albums while in office,  think I am going to do a search for his music
 I think It was very different from today, tell me about it!!
 I wonder how that worked!! Do you know who have been the wealthiest presidents?
 Yes,.. talking about famous people, do you know who Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta is?
 I think is so funny!! those annoying predictive text glitches gave her that name!!
 that was a smart idea because she could tweet her 11.4 million followers!
 She loves Iron Maden!! Nice I really like her song bad romance, what about you?
 And she was on an MTV show called boiling points before she was famous!
 I think is interesting she became really famous after releasing the album : The Fame !!
 Haha kind of ironic but it worked for her. It was nice chatting with you
 I love cadillacs. We had a cadillac convertible when I was a kid. They were a custom made car. I think they only made about 1500 of them. 
 It was a Chevy Sonic. I actually only got my first car six years ago, so I still drive that one! What about you?
 Note to self: never let my brothers drive my car! What do you drive now?
 Catering sounds like a fun job! It's great to have a car that goes well with your work. You have a good day too!
 Whoa.  I didn't know they were created that early.  I know Ford made the Model T in 1908, which was the first car available to the masses.
 Because the old cars used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them!
 It is? lol I was originally from there.  Never knew that law!
 I didn't know that.  I wonder why?  Do you know who the car brand Cadillac was named after?
 Yes...the French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillace, who was also the founder of Detroit.  You win a high five!  lol
 He hit the jackpot!
 I don't know. I'm going to have to look that story up.  How about cars equipped with flame throwers?  They are legal in South Africa to prevent carjackings.
 Hahahah That's funny!  How about Jann Mardenborough.  They became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in Gran Turismo!
 What a great idea to stay in shape!  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Hi there!  Do you like cars?  I do because I would never get to go anywhere without one.
 Yes.  They added them in 1975.  Did you know that the backs of cars became known as trunks because cars used to carry wooden trunks on them back in the old days?
 That's interesting!  Do you know who the car brand Cadillac was named after?
 You get a super chat high five!  I was surprised to see that the first patent for a car was given out in 1886.
 Do you like reading?
 Me neither.  Reading was one of the few forms of entertainment people had back then.  Enders Game is suggested reading for many military organizations including the Marines!
 I haven't read it.  I haven't read Starship Troopers either which is on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches.
 It must be.  I did see both movies though. lol  I have to get going.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 That's excellent! Reforestation is really important. I recently read that rewilding the world's previously forested areas could suck a decade or more worth of CO2 out of the atmosphere.
 Same. I'm really optimistic at the progress we'll be able to make once we reach the tipping point, but fearful we won't reach that point quickly enough. Really cool about encoding a horse .gif in a DNA molecule. Nanotech is amazing.
 Me too. The cost of solar energy seems to be going through something like Moore's Law, so hopefully when most of the current coal generating infrastructure is ready to retire there'll be a big tipping point to solar in a short time.
 And get back to the kind of community layouts before the Model T, when they started designing towns around the car.
 He did make them really cheaper -- I think the biggest innovation he made was introducing tools that could cut hardened steel instead of hardening it after it was cut and warping it, so the parts were really interchangeable and didn't have to be hammered into place.
 Thank you! Nice chatting with you :)
 Hello,  did you know the norweigian government donated money to save the amazon?
 I concur. Btw, since we are on the topic of government and to get off this grave topic, have you heard that a conman managed to impersonate a government employee and see the eiffel tower?
 So, you are one of the 7%?  Just kidding.
 hello, lets discuss the umpires
 no unfortunately, but I am very interested. I like a lot Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council
 yes exactly, I mostly admire in umpires that they have always been considered authority figures, like judges. Both are subject to a lot of scrutiny, and we do what we think is right by rule and tradition. 
 yes exactly. Judges and analysts who describe an umpire's job in those terms are oversimplifying, do you agree?
 Kavanaugh is one of the bests for me, he is very straightforward. 
 maybe lol Have you heard that the rule book states that a runner must avoid a fielder in the act of fielding a batted ball?
 And you know I also learned that Unlike a judge, an umpire can't deliberate over days or weeks, reading briefs over and over, debating with law clerks or fellow judges. I just don't know why
 it is so interesting... did you know that When baseball was invented in the mid-19th century, it was a bit more like our adversarial court system. There were three umpires: One was hired by the home team and one by the visiting team, and a neutral third party was there to step in if the advocates couldn't agree?
 yes they were. and plus As with judging, the tough calls are hardly ever obvious.
 That is for sure, I totally agree with you. Do you like baseball?
 I like him to be honest, he is one of the best for me. Did you know that Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises?
 Yes, they love it.  I used to know someone who also played in Japan.  The closest I ever came to being a fan was when I collected baseball cards with my brothers as a kid.  Did you know a gentleman found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfather's attic???? I wish I could be so lucky!!!!!
 I think reading is "a lost art" sort of.  I read a lot, but our youth don't seem to be that interested.
 I wonder why.  I have never read it, and it doesn't sound interesting to me. Reading is a great escape, though, and allows one to produce their own "visions" in their heads.  I hope the military doesn't need THAT!!!! LOL
 Thank you.  Have a great day!!!!!
 Hi, how are you?
 Oh wow, that sounds like fun, I have never been to Wrigley. I don't get the chance to go very much but would like to! Did you hear about the guy who found 3 million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards??? In an attic, wow!
 That is a lot of games you could go to hahaa! Really? That's interesting! I wonder if they ever have to play?  One day I may have to travel and get to Wrigley for a game one day, would live to visit the stadium.
 Another fun fact! That is interesting! I bet that job is crazy stressful lol. I guess some Dutch are creating a commuter bus that goes 160mph....that would be cool and you could get to a game really fast!
 I doubt she could retain any of it lol, so crazy. So do you ever travel? I like to go to the ocean every year, favorite place in the world to me!
 I go to Huntington Beach, such a beautiful area, I haven't traveled to the East coast yet but want to. I read that the East coast is a lot different than the west coast.
 I think so. I am from chicago so we do not have any oceans. I think that is why i romanticize about them.
 I live in the desert so I make it a point to go to California once a year! Travel time is only 6 hours so not too bad, good drive. But oh man the beach is my sanctuary, I could live there if I could afford it!
 I hang out in the little ocean side cafe's and shops. They have a pier with a ferris wheel on it and you can walk and go in and out of shops too or eat amazing food right above the ocean, just lovely! I could sit on the beach all day and read or sleep haha
 Do you have kids that you take with you?
 My kids are adults so yes if they are can, otherwise I go with a friend. I think it keeps me going! Travel and reading are favorites to get me out of the same ol stuff everyday, sometimes I go to san Diego or L.A too
 nice. I went with my kids and parents to Michigan and had a lovely time. Nice chatting with you!
 Howdy! Ya'll a country music fan?
 I love country music concerts! I have been to private homes and even nightclubs for concerts.
 Oh, do tell!  In Croatia there is an ancient roman ampitheater.  Have you ever been to a concert there?
 I haven't! That sounds cool! I would have loved to have gone to the concert for dogs thrown by Lou Reed in 2010.
 But, apparently, you are no dog.  So don't feel bad.  Pink Floyd recorded a live concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in Pompeii, and they didn't invite anyone to attend!
 Pink Floyd is one my top ten favorite bands. I love listening in my car. Good thing I'm not in Ohio where it is illegal to warm up your car.
 Yeah, but it gets so cold in Ohio during the winter, it is best to never turn it off anyway!  You what else should be illegal? Creed. Their 2002 concert was soo bad, their own audience members sued them!  I bet the band took a quick get-a-way car out of that town!
 That is almost as brutal as calling country music hillbilly music before Connie Gay renamed it.
 Nice! I wonder when the band U2 openned for themselves mascara-ding as a country band called the Dalton Brothers from Galveston, did they ever call themselves a hillbilly band?
 I assume they did! Those were the times! Country music even had a celtic element to it.
 Nice. U2 has put on a lot of concerts ove the years, but I wonder if they played as many concerts as the band, the Ramones, who over 20 years played over 2000 concerts?
 That would hard to beat. I would love to hear them do a cover version of the 1996 NFL country album.
 Sure! Hey, you ever wonder why there are only 2 zfrican americans in the country music hall of fame?
 These questions keep me up at night... Like, why is the trunk of a car called a trunk?  After all, an elephant's trunk is in the front of that vehicle!
 I love classic cars. I wish I was as lucky as a NY man that bought a house with classic cars in the barn.
 Were any of those classic vehicles named Cadillac, after french explorer, Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac?
 That's a great question. I hope Cadillac makes self driving cars The good aggressive mode is pretty cool.
 You like aggressive vehicles? In South Africa it is legal to equip your car with a flame thrower. That is aggressive mode!
 No doubt! I wanted to buy one of elon musk's flamethrowers but didn't order one in time. 
 There is always Christmas!  Nice chatting with you!
 That is probably the best thing I have ever heard about them.  Nice chatting with you, hope you have a good day. 
 Hey, what do you think about this: A man in France impersonated a government employee and sold the Eifel Tower...twice!
 That's wild!  No more fake news...let's ban it all?  There are governments doing some good: The Norwegian gov donated $1 billion to save the Amazon jungle.  Is that like buying Florida swamp land?
 Nice, Must be like Nevada. The federal goverment already owns 86% of the land there, so they gotta make their money off of gambling...
 I bet they pay less taxes now... Do they publish that list on Wikileaks? You know, Wikileaks published the Goverment's plan to destroy Wikileaks? Knowing how the Government works, because of this leak it may be the first time the government knows what it is doing...
 I try to catch the latest, cutting edge news and information broadcast from that Finnish radio staion that broadcasts in classical Latin... Bad news just seems more palatable that way!
 I guess their only other choice was to tune into those electromagnetic storms from Jupiter that can be heard on AM radio
 Two of my favorites: the Fantastic FOur and Bill Murray!  They don't make them like that anymore!  I like to listen to old radio drams, and there is a website where you can listen to thousands of hours of old broadcasts for free!
 Nice! Is he Canadian? In Canada the radio stations are required to play at least 40% of their music from Canadian origin. Between that and Bing Crosby, that doesn't leave much air time!
 There is something magical about not seeing the ventriloquist's lips moving!  You ever hear of Foxhole radios?
 Soldiers would MacGyver a radio out of razor blades and pencils!  What some people would do just to listen to Bing Crosby!
 Nice!  Thanks for chatting with me!
 hi!
 I would agree with you! Do you think the US is a strict as China? They censor the word "censorship". 
 I bet he missed a lot! I am not sure are you talking about Hanson the singers? I hear them on the radio once in awhile.
 Wow, I was not aware of that. They were pretty popular for awhile! Did you know in Canada all radios must play 40% canadian music??? Wow.
 There you go. It was nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes, according to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
 Yes, Nickleback and Avril Lavigne... And sorry, that was not about Jupiter...
 I did not. I thought it would have been more sophisticated than that. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
 Haha how funny. Well those humans would be happy to know that they can regrow a rib.
 HA. They may need more evolution than that...
 It was nice chatting with you
 You too.
 Oooh, I've always wanted to play guitar. I dabbled in flute in school but the instrument is probably laying in the basement somewhere. I preferred sports like basketball.
 That's funny, I always wanted to play basketball when I was kid but I had a coordination/lack of height problem lol
 That is funny!  Physicists proved that granny style was the best way to shoot freethrows
 I'd love to see it too.  That kid in the movie Hoosiers did it, I don't why guys in the NBA can't
 I haven't seen that movie but they should probably rename it from granny style to something a bit more cool or hip, maybe that way more people would use it
 I do!  Did you know that the first patent for a car was given out in 1886 to Karl Benz?  I didn't know they were being developed so soon.
 He made the first car that was widely available to people.
 I never have.  Wish I did!  lol
 I did know that ironically.  They were named after the French explorer Antoine de la mothe Cadillac.
 Yes! lol  I would be curious to see the flame throwing cars in South Africa.  They are built with them so they can prevent carjackings.
 I know right?  What if they fell into the wrong hands?  Scary to think about.
 Yes!  lol  how about Jann Mardenborough who became a pro race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the Gran Turismo video game.  Interesting.
 lol Do you know how the backs of cars came to be called trunks?
 In the old days, people used to carry wooden trunks on the backs of their cars!  I would hate to see what an elephant would do.  lol
 Yes!  I was surprised to see that McDonald's didn't add drive thrus until 1975.  It was nice chatting with you too!
 Awesome!  I can't believe it's been 12 years since the first one came out in 2007.  Time is flying by.
 Yes!  in the 2007 film did you know there are an average of 1.53 explosions per minute? lol
 Yes!  Did you know the director Michael Bay was the human flicked away by Megatron in the first movie?
 LOL  Did you happen to see Bumblebee that came out in Dec. of 2018?  I haven't seen that one yet but have a soft spot for Bumblebee.
 Yes!  Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who was also the founder of Detroit!
 I wouldn't want to be around those!  That would be scary if they fell into the wrong hands.
 Come on that would have been fascinating to watch Hillary Clinton be President Obama's Vice President.  Maybe if she served as VP she would not have bungled the Russian "reset" button with an "overload" button.  Freudian slip I am sure.  
 I think it's a possibility, but I feel like we would have discovered it by now.
 When I just looked it's mind boggling at the teams being thrown out there that he might be going to. lol Do you know that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor and it's known as "the highest court in the land"?
 I'm not sure.  I wonder if any of the judges play up there?  I can see Ruth Ginsberg taking a granny shot which physicists proved that shooting granny style is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line.
 lol In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.  Interesting.
 He probably did I'm sure.  He ironically was the only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas.
 Yes.  He played in the 70s and 80s.  He dunked so much in college that they banned it for over a decade in college.
 I do like jazz!  I think Kansas City jazz which is a hard swinging, bluesy, improvisational style is my favorite.
 It does.  Have a great night!
 I think he did win it. But it was his second year. He was injured his first year so it didn't count.
 He is a different cat. He liked school and what it brought.
 It means racism... Just kidding. I think it is their national name. Their rugby team is black 7s.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Good morning.  So just found out that Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway, and Nike paid for the fines.  Watching Jordan was amazing though
 Love the Man with No Name trilogy.  But I would like to visit the apartment of the Harlem woman who has held free Jazz concerts every Sunday.  That would be pretty interesting.
 She should have been in the WNBA, but I guess it wasn't really a thing back in the 90s.  Also, I think it is hilarious that Kareem got college basketball to ban the dunk when he played.  I can just see coaches, "Well, he is so tall, it's not fair and we don't have guys that tall.  Let's ban it."  Haha
 I think USAB is more for Olympics.  Yea I would not that good, lol.  I played for the love of the game, and always dreaming I was Jordan, Dominique Wilkins or Clyde "the Glide" Drexler.  It was fun talking, take care
 Have a great day!
 I do, I love it. I know the NBA is made up of 30 teams, which includes one in Canada.
 I agree. Nothing wrong with an education. I did not know that the NBA was one of four major professional sports leagues in the US and Canada. Somehow I thought there were more.
 Wow. It's not a long time, but it is when you consider all the activity!  Well, the NBA is widely considered to be the premier men's professional basketball league in the world.
 It is, and it is becoming more of an international players league, my team has the best in the league and he's from Greece!  Nice talking to you, hope you have a good day. 
 It was really good talking to you!
 Take care!
 Haha I believe it. I would also believe he only made one free throw. He should have switched to granny style to increase his chances. 
 Yes, In germany drivers have to stop and let animals cross the road or where ever they maybe crossing. I am proud of their law due to animals can't talk or have human knowledge.
 Sad but true. The US getting stricter on their rules when it comes to animals. can you Imaging animals having a lungs and gills.
 Yeah I bet he is! First ever African American president is a huge accomplishment!
 Good morning! How are you today?
 Food, is food.  I think they might like eggs. The thing I dont quite get is Raccoon was famous.  Fame equals money.  What did Raccoon do with its money, go to Denny's?
 well Denny's does have a lot of eggs, and we both know how much raccoons like eggs
 People like animals can be irrational.  One of the most popular radio acts of 1930's was a ventriloquist.
 It has been said that humans use tools to a higher extent than any other animals. Got to use tools to cook food and tweet.
 Dr. Hymlec.  That guy got famous thats for sure. I wonder why humans want to wear clothes while running.  I would run much faster without clothes.
 Its cold out.  I run so  fast no one can see me just to stay warm. Goose bumps are to make your fur stand up, so you appear larger.  
 Haha that's funny. Not a glorious way to shoot which explains why no one uses it since Barry.
 I am!  I love learning new facts about the presidents, etc.
 I know it had something to do with a fruit.
 He was called president banana. What a funny name for a president. 
 lol That's it!  The top 3 presidents in the American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I believe Trump is now in that list.
 Hahha...yes....my fingers were going faster than my mind! lol
 I didn't know that.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential race automatically became the vice president.
 I thought the same thing myself.  I'm wondering if it would work better and force them to stop fighting among both parties.  Although it could have the reverse effect too and cause chaos. lol
 Now that sounds funny.  I wonder how the country was doing while he was recording those.  lol  Did you know that Hillary Clinton won a grammy for best spoken work album?
 Yes.  It was for the audio recording of her book "It takes a Village".
 I didn't know that.  I'm going to have to try it!  I like President Obamas secret service codename - Renegade.  (Cue the Styx song....lol).
 I didn't know that.  I see Franklin Roosevelt was the opposite of Obama and vetoed 635 bills. 
 He did well for himself. He signed a contract with Reebok that would pay him $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000. 
 Incredible. What he did for Reebok as a brand will surely not be in vain. I loved his Reebok commercial featuring the rap artist Jadakiss.
 I think it's smart what Allen Iverson did, signing a perpetual deal with Reebok.  He'll never be more than a year away from a fresh $800k.
 Hi, how are you?
 I have no idea but that would explain the white patch on my head after I got married...
 I know the Loch Ness monster is a protected species. Does that help? I wonder if it has a white patch...
 Astronomers use it as white noise to fall asleep to?
 It's what makes oranges so tasty! Mmmmmm vitamin C...
 Domestication... Nice chatting with you!
 HA! Yeah. Zimbabwe has president banana.
 I feel like he is used to having the smaller unit. At least Hilary is not his vice president. They would get nothing done.
 he would do anything for cash
 I can see him and putin doing a duet though. It would go platinum with all the joke buys..
 They fall on his head??? I mean maybe don't walk under them and save he US tax payers from coconut removal...
 He doesn't seem like the renegade type. He was a harvard constitutional law professor. Not very renegade-ish.
 Hambone! Ha! I prefer that one. Nice chatting with you!
 I agree. Good talking with you too!
 I know there are so many unknown things, like the fact that humans cant burp in zero gravity environments.
 Hello. Hows it going
 Pretty good. That was smart of Tim duncan to stay in school.
 Yeit could have turned out bad if he had gotten injured though. ah 
 Pretty smart move on his part if you ask me. Instead of one lump ome he now has an icome for the better part of his life.
 Yeah it seems like more players would shoot that ay since it is th ebet way to to di. Especially players like shaq who couldnt make free throws.
 Really he never even won one game. Amazing.
 I would love to see Kareem dunk the ball just one more time. He is way too old now.
 Yeah he is a little bit before my time. I have heard that he revolutionized the game with his dunking though.
 Why is that.
 Wow. sounds a little racist to me.
 Yeah I heard he did the music for million dollar baby.
 Yeah You wouldnt guess it but they are actually topping the charts.
 It was nice chatting with you. I am going to listen to some jazz now.
 I am such a big NBA fan. Do you like it?
 I am! I don't follow it much but am a fan.....of the NBA
 Nice. did you know Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 I know, ask Rick Berry! In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 Nice! NBA players are the world's best paid athletes I didn't know that!
 That's funny lol....Do you ever listen to Jazz music?
 I do love jazz... Did you know jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans, United States, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and developed from roots in blues and ragtime. 
 HAHAHAHAAA! that would be hilarious hahaaa!
 Nice chatting with you.
 That's taking precautions to another level.  Funny they didn't do that when he visited Hawaii all the time.  Maybe that's why his secret service codename is "renegade."  Playing it dangerous with those coconuts!  
 Yeah. She has been in politics for so long, you really cannot beat the experience with anything. She even won the grammy for the best spoken word album for the "it takes a village"
 Yeah, how things have changed. Really nice chatting with you. Have a good one.
 I do love a lot of blues, which are one of the roots of jazz music. Also love rock and roll that was an outgrowth of blues. I think three or four Led Zep songs are covers or riffs off of Blind Willie Johnson.
 That reminds me of trying to teach other people to play chess and losing every game when I was actually trying to teach them.
 I think it's shooting the ball with two hands on the ball and shooting it under handed? I used to shoot like this when I was a kid. Well physicians proved that it's the best technique to consistently score. It would be funny to see NBA players use it!
 Imagine being at one of those concerts and one of the greats stops by. I think I would lose it right then and there. 
 Yeah, I've always been a fan. I remember when Kareem Abdul Jabbar dunked so much that the move got banned from college ball for years.  
 Yeah, the dunk is such a crowd pleaser. In 39 states, the highest paid state employee is a college basketball or football coach. Crazy. 
 Here's a funny fact -- the guy who invented basketball is the only losing coach in the history of University of Kansas. 
 Haha. The New Zealand basketball team is called the Tall Blacks. I'm sure that's for the team colors but they might want to rethink that name. 
 The Supreme Court building has a basketball coach on the top floor, referred to as -- wait for it -- the highest court of the land. Good to know the SCOTUS is into puns. 
 Haha. Can't argue with that. Segueing into music, do you like Jazz? I heard trumpeters have goatees so its easier to play. 
 As a trumpet player, I can say it would be more so the metal of the mouthpiece would feel better on the lips. 
 Yeah, it is tough. A Harlem woman has had free jazz concerts at her apartment every week for 20 years. Sometimes big names stop by. That would be cool to see. 
 I bet so. He a lifelong fan of jazz. He's even scored a few of his films, like Million Dollar Baby. 
 Definitely a renaissance man. Pakistan has a Jazz orchestra that has topped the charts around the world. Who knew? 
 Hi, how are you? Do you like music?
 I listen to the classics. I really like Coltrane and listen to a lot of Davis. I'm trying to listen to more contemporary but haven't found a fav yet.
 I didn't know that either. I thought it would have come from France, but if Franch colonized west africa, that make sense...
 I recently read a harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 year.
 I wonder if Clint Eastwood ever stopped by. He is a jazz fan.
 I guess I am in the wrong profession. Nice chatting with you!
 Ha Ha- I guess that's a funny way to just refer to people! I'll be laughing & they might get more offended - lol!
 that's very interesting. Well, at least he's protected! 
 did you know that in Hawaii, a person can leave up to 2 million to their pet when they die? I'm not sure if it is per pet, but I always joke that if I were rich (or become rich)I'd for sure make sure to leave 2 million to my puppy!
 I would for sure leave tons of money to my pets. They would need it more than my family! You have a good night, too.
 thank you. you, too!
 Okay. Good night.
 Thanks!
 Hey do you watch basketball?
 Yeah I am, and I think the Wizards are doing great!
 What do you think of Kareem abdul-jabbar? The dunk was banned in college basketball because of him!
 Absolutely! Not only was it banned, but it was for over a decade!
 That is really cool. I wonder how many people use the basketball court in the us supreme court building, apparently it's on the top floor.
 I guess so! 
 I liked the more upbeat jazz that you can dance to. 
 No I haven't, that is so cool. Do you like Clint Eastwood? He absolutely loves jazz.
 Want to know something wholesome? A woman held free jazz concerts in her apartment every sunday for 20 years!
 I'm sure she was skilled, a lot of top performers would stop by.
 That's really cool I didn't know that. Well it was nice talking to you. I've got to go now. Bye! :)
 It's just a fun name to say. He was terrible as a president, commparitively, but Rutherford is a great name!
 Yeah. But the whole saving of the union is pretty impressive.
 Hopefully it has the secret service on it too! I find him interesting too! Code name Renegade!
 They were probably mad at him for going somewhere hard to secure, like a basketball game and just yelled it out and it stuck.
 Love it. James naismith, the inventor of basketball, is the only losing coach in the university of kansas's history
 So cool. The us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 Wow. Do you like jazz? There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs have jazz-like harmonies.
 Yes i think it's cool.  Since the 20's Jazz Age, jazz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression and is characterized by swing and blues notes, improvisation and more
 Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and scored several films, including million dollar baby
 I do. That's interesting... Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 Allen Iverson got a lifetime contract with reebok in 2001 for $800000 per year until he is 55 then he gets $32,000,000
 Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba. however, jordan wore them anyways, as nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 Physicists proved that shooting "granny style" is the absolute best technique to consistently score points on the line, but nba players refuse to do it because they think it looks stupid.
 That would look funny!  A harlem woman held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 years
 That's so crazy! How many people do you think was the maximum she had in her apartment?
 Maybe she did it out her window or outside?   Did you know that Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing.
 I did not! Who do you think is the biggest act? I want to think their manager told them they were playing at "Linda's" and instead of a huge nightclub, it was an apartment with 4 cats and 8 people...
 Did you know basketball nets are mounted 10 feet high?
 I did not... Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba.
 I'm actually surprised that JFK was one of the richest presidents. The again there was a president in Zimbabwe called President Banana so I shouldn't be surprised.
 Yeah, I thought you would find that funny. Another funny fact is the indian governemnt removed all the coconuts from the trees surrounding one of Obama's destinations just in case.
 Very sad. Nice talking with you. Take care.
 I absolutely love animals! How about you?
 Yes I have two cats. I love all animals though. We feed some outside strays as well. 
 That is very true, I bet it sounds something like that. Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, that's a classic, for sure.  My favorite is Michael Jackson's Thriller.  That's my childhood!
 Oh, that makes sense! Haha, even the government has a sense of humor about sports.
 I like cats, even though I've never owned one. I'd love to visit one of those cafes!
 That is hilarious! There is actually a cat mayor in Alaska, so I guess a cat author isn't so surprising! 
 Maybe in fish!
 I used to but haven't played in years!  I like to talk about them though.
 He must have had a good endorsement deal or used cheap guitars that were just used for smashing?
 lol  Queen's Brian May has a phd in astrophysics!
 Nice!  I like how he uses coins as guitar picks.
 I still listen to a lot of cds from certain groups.  Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 lol  Two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.  That's pretty neat and different.
 I don't know lol   Dark Side of the Moon was released over 40 years ago prior to 2014, yet was still one of the best selling albums of that year!
 Reel Big Fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label.  I'ts been fun chatting.
 I wonder how that manages to stay in water for that long and be only that thick. Must be of high quality for sure.
 I do and it brings me comfort knowing I carry around more computing power than the US nuclear ICBM program..  Great comfort.
 The guitarist? Yes, I am a huge fan of his work!
 Yes, I can't wait to hear his latest songs. I can't believe that he has had the opportunity to work with so many amazing artists.....Springsteen, Neil Young, Bono! What an incredible career he has had already. 
 I'd love to go to his upcoming show at The Birchmere!
 That is pretty cool! I'm more interested to listen to album from the 100 year old idential twins from Japan.
 That is so cool. It was nice chatting with you
 Do you remember when records were hip?
 What do you think about the Dark side of the Moon still one of the best-selling albums in 2014 even though released over 40 years ago?
 Yes, how true.  I find it interesting how genius the musicians are especially knowing now that Queen's Brian May has a phd in astrophysics.
 good question, i seriously don't know how they would track that , maybe there's a way to join a program or something so you can link your phone. Otherwise, i really dont know how they can do that
 it actually kind of easy to do now if we already dealing with the technology we are dealing with , is just a projeccion u send from ur phone 
 Oh, sounds like Quantum Leap.  The Holograms I saw in Dallas 20 years ago were really cool.  Creativty never ceases with the human spirit starting with music and going to infinite places.
 I found it interesting just to know that starship troopers  the book was on the reading list of branches in the military
 mostly music and of my car.  love my cadillac. Its a classic detroit car because of who it as founded after, and me being from detroit
 1979. Drive in to Mcds drive through all the time with it. 
 WOW... nice car!  I think you should equip it with flame throwers!!! hahahaaa
 yes, its jsut cool to learn the drive though was freshly invented in the 70s
 i worked in a mcdonalds drive thru!  lol
 you can now and just pick it up in the drive thru!
 Obviously he did!  Tell him good job!
 he just beat many people on gran turismo. nice chat
 Yes, exactly! C.S. Lewis coined the game You Laugh, You Lose.
 Well, take good care of that car! I enjoyed chatting!
 I just watched Ghostbusters over the weekend with the kids, I reaaly like that one, I found myself saying some of the lines before they were said on the television.  Caddy Shack is a good one for him, even if he's only in it a bit.
 I cut my cable a couple of years back, just use Prime and Netflix for my TV.  The only things I watched on Comedy Central were South Park and The Daily Show, but there are other ways to watch them
 Yep that's definitely not a comedy show. I did watched as a kid though, what about you? I also watch Thomas the Tank Engine as a kid and that was narrated by famous people like Alec Baldwin
 Hello!  Are you a fan of country music?
 I remember Charley Pride.  He might be one.  ...and yes!  it's a guitar.  I think a lot jazz and some blues musicians use it.
 I used to play guitar.  I haven't played in years though and wasn't good.  I had a Gibson SG the kind that Angus Young from AC/DC plays.
 My favorites are the little skits they do.  I think my favorite one of all time though is Scwhetty Balls.  That one still makes me laugh.
 I don't remember that one.  I always thought Will Farrell's stuff was funny.  I still get a kick out the jeopardy skits.  Are you a pokemon fan by any chance?
 Yes.  I only know about it through my kids.  There's over 750 episodes of it.  I had no idea there was that many.  Do you watch Fox news?
 I don't think I've ever seen that one.  At one time Fox considered creating a cable channel that would only run the Simpsons.  Wonder if it would have been successful?
 Yeah, I think it's because it was cancelled after 13 episodes. I don't think it would've been successful because people might be tired of it.
 Yeah, that show has been on for a long time. How long have you watched it for? 
 There you go that is an option. It was nice chatting with you.
 No people use Fender stratocasters a lot, I actually own one and I use it for rock music
 I can not wait to see the "space jam" sequel
 I love my jordan shoes. They were banned upon introduction by the nba
 When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment wow
 I had a atari 2600 woodgrain. have a good night
 There must be a joke in there, with Supreme Court.  Some people would say they would come up with better decisions doing it that way.
 The court would be made up of some of the most famous and accomplished NBA players of the past.  Maybe they'd just have a draft.
 I suppose you're right, why take the chance.  Especially, as you say, there is no compensation in college.   Go for the sponsorship that'll pay you until you're 55.
 I do like Lebron James!
 I did.  Warner Brothers and LeBron signed a new deal for it.  See how it holds up to the original.
 Yes!  Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after LeBron James.
 I know right?  LeBron raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising "the decision" when he left Cleveland the first time.
 I know!  I know I sure would do that if I had that much money.  Some of LeBron's high school basketball games would attract 1,750 fans!
 They sure did and the tickets would cost anywhere from $100 to $120!
 I would never pay that in a million years!  Even for a pro game.  lol
 Was that the one he rejected the $10 million offer from Reebok when he was 18?  Did he end up getting a better deal?  It's been so long I can't remember.
 Nice!  Did you ever have a Nintendo?
 Yes.  I remember how excited I was when the original Nintendo entertainment system came out and it could only display 54 colors.  lol  It's been fun chatting!
 I am going to go play! Have a nice day. 
 It was one of the best forms of entertainment when I was a kid! I'd much rather play Nintendo than watch NBA.
 It was! I saved mine and I'll give it to my son to entertain himself with when he's old enough to be careful with it.
 yeah i play hoops. great exercise, unless ur kareem...then u can just stand there and dunk
 Haha that's true. I heard that the NBA actually outlawed the dunk for about a decade. If it happens again I definitely would not watch basketball anymore would be so boring haha!
 crazy. i would like to see granny style shots make a return
 its for the big guys who cant make free throws. but they refuse to do the technique that would work...looks matter i guess
 yeah. i wonder if scotus justices do it on the highest court in the land
 yeah...brings a whole new angle to roe vs wade
 Haha. Yes they should settle that in the"highest court of the land" with Ruth Bader Ginsburg as the point guard LOL
 Notorious GGB vs (dwayne) Wade. Sounds better than a Creed concert
 what would mexico's b-ball team call themselves?  Definitely no dunking going on there
 interesting.  but was he the highest paid state employee?
 They can definitely afford a lot of Air Jordans
 Well, some people certainly did. I can't get rid of mine. Grows back like a rib
 good morning.
 I do enjoy basketball. Havent got to watch this year though. I got rid of cable.
 I have heard that. In my opinion they are the most athletic in the world as well. Some of the stuff those guys do just amazes me.
 Yeah he was pretty remarkable in his day.
 Yeah that was pretty good thinking ahead like that. He was always one of my favorite players. Did you know they tried to ban Jordans back in the day.
 I think its all about points so I think I would probably shoot the granny shot. No matter what people thought. Im surprised someone dont do it just so they can be different.
 That sure worked out for him, If he had gotten injured though, it could have turned out different.
 Interesting. Did you know that humans can't synthesize vitamin c like most animals do.
 guess thats what seperates us from the animals. Lol
 I wonder if animals have the gene that makes them scared of certain sound frequencies like humans do.
 Thats probably true. Well I gotta go. TTYL
 You also!
 ya he is, he is the best of all time NBA playoff scoring champion
 wow that is cool, but don't forget he gave that money to charity after he raised it
 haha yes that was back in 50bc, a long time ago but I'm glad we have videogames now instead of chickens haha
 lol he was probably shocked, kind of like Bill Nye when he won the Steve Martin lookalike contest  and subsequently became famous
 I heard about that, someone said he didn't look presidential enough for a role, oh how wrong they were lol
 ya I agree, do you watch a lot of basketball? Lebron is espeically good I'm glad hes going to be in the Space Jam sequel
 Me too, have a good afternoon. 
 I don't think so. I think Kobe wouldn't cut it.  He was pretty rough his last year in the league.  LeBron should try to win with Lonzo Ball.
 It would be cool to see.  I'm sure they would play well together.  If they both were at the top of their games, hands down they would be awesome.  I tip my cap to him for passing up all that money to go to college.
 Wow.  I don't know how they can burn through that money.  Ex-NBA player Allen Iverson will never have to worry about that after he signed a lifetime endorsement deal with Reebok.  He gets $800,000 a year until he reaches the age of 55 to where at that time he will receive a lump sum $32 million dollar payment.
 I don't mind them and kind of like it.  I agree he shouldn't have been fined.  But, at the same time I can see his point of view.  Him and the players would probably want to be home with their families.  Physicists proved that shooting granny style is the best technique to use at the free throw line. lol
 That is really crazy. I want to see LeBron James and Kobe Bryant doing a granny shot shootout LOL
 lol  LeBron signed a new deal for a "space jam" sequel.  Curious to see how that will hold up to Michael Jordan's original one.
 He was only 18 then I think?  When LeBron was in high school some of the games would attract 1750 fans and the tickets cost from $100 to $200.  
 Crazy! People were wanting to pay for tickets to see him even back then, I think it's funny that people marked his posters down and sold them for $17.41, because that was the year that Benedict Arnold betrayed the United States LOL
 lol  After the decision!  He raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising that.
 That was nice of them at least. He seems very smart too, he has a photographic memory apparently and can remember exact in game scenarios
 I believe that.  Switching topics....Did you ever have the Nintendo system that could only display 54 colors?
 I never knew that!  Interesting!  Bill Nye the science guy got his big break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest.  
 Hmm...that is interesting. I will have to look that up.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Some of them.  You are combining music, dance, singing, all into one package that you can watch privately in your own home.
 I'm good thanks for asking.  As a matter of fact I do listen to Country music.
 I've enjoyed chatting with you, as well, friend.
 He did. Pretty cool. I think it is amazing that Jann Mardenborough became a pro race car driver after he beat 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo. That gives me hope that my 7th grader has a bright future ahead of him. lol.
 That is neat. Even though I am not a fan I can't help but appreciate that. 
 It is, there is even a poem with a depressing meaning and then positive when you read it backwards, I think im going to read a poem now, its been great chatting with you
 hello
 Good morning!  Do you like live music concerts?
 Yeah. I have only been to a couple though. How bout you.
 I've been to a lot over the years.  Linkin Park played 324 shows in 2001.  That's a lot of shows for one year!
 Thats a lot of concerts in one year. I heard that the ramones played a total of 2263 concerts. they toured for 20 years almost non stop. What a life.
 I could only imagine.  That's dedication to a career.  In Croatia there's an ancient Roman amphitheatre that they still use for concerts.
 Thats good to know. I have always loved those old roman cathedrals and colliseums. I would love to visit one one day.
 I always wanted to visit there too.  It probably costs a fortune.  In 2002 Creed played a show that was so bad that 4 of the people in attendance filed a lawsuit against the band.
 Yeah I was never a big creed fan. I can see that happening. How bad must the concert have really been tho to have a lawsutit against you for it. Lol.
 I know!  lol  Did you know McDonalds didn't have drive-thru's until 1975?
 I heard they actually made drive thrus to accomodate soldiers who couldnt get out of their vehicles while wearing their fatigues.
 Interesting!  The trunk of a car is called that because back in the old days cars used to carry around wooden trunks on the back of them.
 Huh. I didnt know that. I could see people doing that though. Wonder why henry ford didnt think ahead enough to add a place for people to put their stuff.
 Not sure on that.  In 2014 it as estimated there were over 1.25 billion vehicles.  That's crazy!
 Wonder if Carl benz had that in mind when he patented the first automobile in 1886
 He probably hoped so.  Probably in his lifetime too so he could see all that money he would make.  lol  Did you know the man who was the founder of Detroit was Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac?  The car brand was also named after him.
 Huh. So that were cadillac came from. I always thought it was a weird name.
 One of the more weird things to equip a car with is a flame thrower.  It is legal to have them in South Africa to prevent carjackings.
 Yeah thats crazy. Whatever works I guess. Lol.
 lol  yes.  After beating 90,000 people playing Gran Turismo, Jann Mardenborough became a professional race car driver.  Pretty interesting.  Have you heard of him?
 I havent heard of him, but hey its been nice chatting with you. Gotta get ready for work. Have a good one.
 That would be cool. Good talking to you. Have a good day. 
 Wow. It was nice chatting with you
 Cause were weak flesh bags... We are so weak even our body hair left us.
 Yeah. That seems like a really nice thing to do. At least our trunk situation has imprved from some wooden box...
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Fine. What about you? Internet is the biggest medium which connect all the part of the world. It make all of them in single handed.
 No, The internet is the global system of inter connected  computer networks that use internet protocol suite to connect the device world wide.
 Yes, The people buy the products through online make the internet more valuable. Which reduces the time spent on shop and make more comfortable.
 Yes, actually I do!  It's very convenient. 
 Very interesting news! There are so many blog, web feeds and online news website which are more useful to know the current news in the world.
 Its Teddy roosevelt and John quincy is that two.
 Yes, you're Right!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 Interesting. Cool to think that even Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won a dance championship.
 That is just so cool. Hey, it was really nice chatting with you.
 Humans are the only member of the hominina. They differ from the other creature from the brain and complex languages.
 Thats intersting. Especially considering that it may have been as short as 240000 years ago when humans lost all the hair from their bodies.
 Hominins brain and body is similar to non-human apes are less often referred to as human of the genus Homo.
 Really. I think, to be honest, that is a little bit above my ability to comprehend a conversation about.
 Really. Thanks for that enlightening information. Lol.
 Its ok. German inventor karl benz created his benz patent motorwagen
 Wow interesting. Did you know that Cadillac was named after a French explorer that founded Detroit.
 Its very interesting. Cars became widely available in 20th century. Americans is the leading user of the cars.
 I can believe that. Another interesting fact is that Mcdonalds added drive thrus to accomodate soldiers who couldnt get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues. 
 It is legal south-africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking.
 That would prevent me from trying to jack somebodies car. How bout you.
 Today some latest technology are used to protect our vehicle but the thieves are more smart.
 They indeed are more smart. They can even get into the trunk pretty easily. The trunk is actually named that because old cars had wooden trunks on the bad.
 Celebrity refers to the fame and public attention accorded by the mass media.
 They are highest paid celebrity.
 Pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities. Robin williams in aladdin was the first actor started performing voice in animated films.
 Well thats good to kno. Maybe one day I will get to see it. Doubt it though. Lol.
 Celebrity status is often associated with wealth. Which help to earn revenue using their popularity.
 Well on that note. I think I have learned enough this morning. Lol. TTYL.
 Haha right on. Have a good one
 Aww! That's so true! So cute to see!
 Yes I love all kinds of art!
 Then you'll love this! I just heard of a play called "Two Trains Running" that has a main character that's not a person - it's a jukebox!
 It really seems like he did. All of his plays seemed to deal with music as a theme. Pianos are so gorgeous to hear, I think I'd really like to see that play. 
  love pianos too! do you know when it was invented?
 wow that is amazing and so artistic. You know? I love the Beatles and found so interesting that Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody that Mccartney did used for Hey Jude!! so cool
 I believe so!  babies smile too when they hear music. I found out that bruce lee is a great dancer. Hidden talent!
 I did not! It's not as surprising as Tupac dancing ballet to me, but that's a close second!
 Yes! and Tupac acted in the nutcracker as the mouse king!!
 He was way different back then.. I learned about an aluminum piano that weighed only 356 pounds
 That sounds like a great promo, I need to clean my facebook friends list and if I can get a free whooper in the process then thats great
 Have a great day!!
 Haha Groovy!
 Enjoy your weekend.
 I really like The Truman Show. It does have some comedy but it's mostly a dramatic role. I think he's too goofy when he's in a comedy personally
 I like the way you think! Especially if the Russians can make a computer that runs on water back in 1936 we must be able to put our brains into iPhones haha
 Yes, he's a very talented actor!
 I have a free account through T Mobile so I use it from time to time.
 I agree. It was great talking to you - take care!
 ya that is true, what do you think about the computer that the russians made that runs on water
 I loved it. It was actually the most downloaded software in 1995 with Windows 95 in second place. 
 do you watch movies at all, do you know who Michael Caine is?
 ya I like those movies, I also liked Dumb and Dumber, I actually didn't like his newer dramatic roles so I'm ok if he takes a break from those haha!
 ya that was a massive misstep of theirs, the original offer was for 50 million, and now netflix is worth 2 billion dollars, whoops!
 I probably have too!!  If we lived in the german state of schleswigholstein we wouldn't have a llike button
 They might as well be at the peak of mt. everest with 3g cell service.
 The Iceland constitution will be there.  Nice chatting wtih you
 I actually played that NeoPets. I remember Sheldon on the Big Bang Theory bragging his pet was still alive today! lol I ended up finding a better game on the internet and playing that, though. Neopets was really for small kids.
 It really is.  Did you know that google in 2006 for 1.65 Billion.
 No, but I heard that one of Justin Beiber's  songs "baby" is the most disliked on youtube.  lol
 What about Facebook.  It was stRtex 
 Itps funny that Burger King offered a free whopper if you unfriended 10 people for one of their promotions.
 i am very much like to use facebook. what abt u?
 Facebook LIKE button is illegal in the german
 how many years of facebook use exp. u have?
 i am also 8 yr.
 hmm..yah..what abt physics?
 hmm.. i like physics very intersting subject, I some of thing i don't understand.. 
 hmm.. Wolfram alpha creator received phd in phy. at the age 20
 yah.. i think Genius
 hmm yah.. Car what a Invention.. I like car but i don't not drive a car.
 i want to learn drive a car. but i don't have a time to do that. But soonly i do that.
 ohh.. Do u have a car?
 hmm ok ya super. Nice to chat you bye.
 I use Alpha Browser instead.  That way I'm compensated for watching commercials.
 Yes. Advertisers can directly compensate me directly for watching ads.  Unlike when YouTube Taking a massive cut of the ad money.
 It's cryptocurrency based on blockchain.  So it is specifically made with digital rights in mind.  
 That's true.  It's a great, already established platform.  But I'm really excited about Alpha Token.  They are creating a flat digital platform, so everyone, especially creators, get a fair shake.
 So far, I have not seen any start up costs.  And, now that YouTube is a Google subsidiary, it's easy for YouTube to track your online purchases to make recommendations.
 I do love that YouTube is established, and I don't need cable anymore.  I can hang out on BlueTube too.
 Have a great day. Bye
 Bye.
 I do not. I detest the color blue, unlike the colorblind creator of FaceBook.  You?
 I hail from the German state of Schleswigholtein, where we are indoctrinated in the dogma of the color wheel. We have also outlawed the "Like" button... th color blue is 
 We have adopted another button, the "I think this is acceptable, and may even prefer this option" button.  I may join Facebook anyway, just so I can unfrind 10 people and earn a free Whopper. That I would like.
 I still have my old, "Where's the beef?" hat...I loved that commercial...  I think they are trying to subvert citizen involvement in writing of the Icelandic constitution, which is being done on FaceBook.                                      
 Would not have been possible had MySpace purchased FB when they had the chance.  Apparently, MS did not think FB was worth the $75 mil proposed.
 But that is the what the world values these days. They think money is made from thin air. The truth is that, according to modern physice, the entire universe could have been created out of nothing... Personally, I think pizza predated the cosmos.
 Sure! The world has a lot to offer. Just think of Pixar, the world famous entertainment company. They spent three years studying the physics of hair to give bounce to the hair of Merida from Brave. Now those are great priorities!
 Sure. They give me hope for a humanity that legalizes flame throwers for cars in South Africa..
 They use them to prevent carjacking, a common threat posed by hyenas and elephants in their region.
 We should consult one of the greatest minds of our generation for answers..perhaps a noted physicist like...oh...say maybe... Kim Jong-un?  Any guy that can get a hole in one every time he swings a gold club should have all the answers we need.. 
 I agree haha. Are you a fan of Lebron?
 Honestly one of the best movies of all time! Have you ever gone to an NBA game? 
 It is! Did you know Tim Duncan stayed at college for 4 years instead of going straight to the NBA? 
 hahaha I do!  Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
 Yes!  He should have had a patent on that!  He also was known for dunking the ball in his college days and he used it so much that the dunk was banned in college basketball for over a decade.
 No.  When I was younger I remember guys shattering the backboard with the dunk.  In 39 out of 50 states either a college basketball or football coach is the highest paid state employee.
 They still dunk.  They just changed the rims so they breakaway when they dunk to prevent it from shattering the backboard.  The US Supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as the "highest court in the land".  I need one of those where I work to shoot some hoops.  lol
 Neat!  Here's an interesting stat...the only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas wass the guy who invented basketball James Naismith.  How ironic.
 Funny!  lol  Warner Brothers and LeBron James signed a deal to make a Space Jam sequel.  Wonder how it will do compared to the first one?
 Yes.  I agree.  LeBron rejected a 10 million dollar offer from Reebok when he was just 18.  I couldn't even imagine being offered that amount.  I would have been like "sign me up!"
 I'm an MJ fan.  I live not far from where LeBron is from so all I've heard for years now is all about LeBron.  Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA but Jordan wore them anyhow as Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
 Right?  Do you know about the big endorsement deal that Allen Iverson signed with Reebok?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Space Jam ;) I loved that movie.... You can't go wrong with Bugs Bunny And Michael Jordan ! Wait - there was more famous players in that movie as well, right ?
 I mean I knew he sucks with 3 point shots but I didn't realize he stopped trying ;) lol, that's funny
 I am a huge football fan but have recently been wanting to get more into Basketball. Lebron James has some interesting views. 
 I would love to see the pros use that technique!
 Yeah me too, I would like to take my kids to see a game and the movie!
 Hello!  Are you an NBA fan?  Do you like the L.A. Lakers?
 Hi, yes I like basketball. I admire Le BRon James very much
 Yes!  He's from not far from where I'm at.  The Lakers also just signed Michael Beasley.
 That is cool!! It looks he comes from china!!
 Yes he played for 2 teams in the Chinese Basketball Association.  He was the MVP in 2016.  Last year he played in 74 games for the Knicks.
 He played in shangai and Shandong!! I will be excited to see what he learned there , here!!
 Did you know that the NBA has 30 teams - 29 in the U.S. and 1 in Canada?
 I did not know the number of teams it had. also I found interesting to know it was founded in 1946 in New York
 Interesting!  I didn't know that.  Physicans proved that shooting "granny style" is the best technique to consistently score point on the line.
 But I heard many players do not like to do it! Di you know hoe LeBron rejected a juicy offer when he was 18?
 I did know that.  Some of Lebron's high school games would attract 1,750 people and the tickets were going for $100 to $120
 And he was just a kid, and he did good , he got a way better offer next year!
 Speaking of good offers...Ex player Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with Nike that will pay him $800,000 a year until the age of 55.  At that time then he will receive a final lump sum payment of $32 million dollars!  Wow!  That would be nice wouldn't it?
 Thet is really sweet!, You know ? Basketball has done really good with the Movies with space jam , been the highest grossing basketball movie!
 Wow!  I remember when that movie came out.  The inventor of basketball James Naismith was the only losing coach in the history of University of Kansas.  Kind of ironic in a way.
 I enjoyed it very much!! Di you know shaq only scored 1 three point in his whole career!
 He was I totally agree!
 Did you know that the dunk shot was banned in college for over a decade because Kareem abduljabbar did it so much?
 Wow, and did you know many were upset when James went to the Miami Heat? I actually liked it because I love the Heat
 oh they went crazy up here where I live.  I remember my neighbor screaming when he made the decision to leave Cleveland.
 Well it was nice talking to you!! have a good one
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 I guess that's why they need agents :) lol
 What a guy. Nice chat
 Speaking of "high," the US supreme court has a basketball court all the way at the top of the building so it's the "highest court in the land" what a fun pun.
 It was nice chatting with you as well. 
 Hi, how are you?
 I like him too, his use of the dunk was epic and I can see why it got banned.  My favorite player is Lebron James.
 Haha, that's so true!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I need to get to work, talk to you later, friend.
 Not too sure. It was good talking to you!
 Understandable.  Also, with so much hype, and money, it puts distance between us and the game. Like take LeBron, hard to fathom that he turned downa $10-million Reebok endorsement deal when he was 18 because he expected a better deal down the road.
 Yeah. I remember when they were banned from the game, but Jordan wore them anyway. 
 Tim Duncan turned down the opprortunity to leave college and go straight to the pros. He stayed in College instead, and still did quite well with the SPurs. So, not all of them make bad decisions.
 And people still are making money off of his game! 
 Tatum apparently has an awesome hairline too with a great barber.
 Tatum is from St. Louis and goes to his hometown barber the past 8 years
 I didn't know that.  Lebron James raised $6 million for charity in televising "the Decision."
 Hello!
 I don't really have a favorite team/player myself.. but I do admire Lebron James.  I see he signed a deal for a new Space Jam! I watched the original one as a child, so that's pretty awesome. I also like Air Jordans a lot too, although they can be a little pricey sometimes... but someone like Judge Judy wouldn't mind paying that since she's the highest paid celebrity right after lebron james lol
 Gosh it's just maddening that I have to work so hard for money and these people get paid incredible, life changing amounts! But I suppose if I were also an NBA player that I would get that much too... I remember you saying you liked Air Jordans... did you see they were actually banned upon the induction of the NBA?! Except I guess Jordan wore hem anyway as Nike paid the fines he incurred
 Yes that is a great way to advertise LOL. I think the shoes are really cool though too which helped them to sell so much
 Yeah, they last a long time and they're super fashionable and durable, so I think that's also why! Great shoes. Do you have a pair currently?
 No I don't. But I always wanted a set. I would definitely play a lot better basketball if i had them, especially if I combined those shoes with shooting granny style LOL
 Hahah granny style shooting is the only way to get into the NBA! Of course if you also have the jordans, that helps.  I don't have a pair either since they're pretty expensive.. I usually buy Nikes or Puma shoes
 Yeah and they still do not do it because it looks funny. nice chatting with you
 I don't know too much about him but I think it's cool that he had a backup plan. He stayed in college instead of going directly to the BA
 Yes and then when he came back he played 74 games with the Knicks, he has a lot of experience and I think he could be a good asset for the team now
 Yes I hope so. I know a lot of my friends in Canada love the Raptors but would love other options for teams to root for LOL
 Oh yeah I would do whatever they want me to do if I was getting paid that much lol.  Nice talking with you!
 Lebron James, and one reason he's so successful is that he understands this, his worth.
 That's funny. Like how The new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"
 Oh yeah and the best way is to let the game flow naturally with the best teams winning.  Whatever wins games, should be the style.  Defense was big a few years ago, now its super high scoring, and some good defense if you are my Bucks!  Nice talking to you, have a good one. 
 Hi, how are you?
 I hope he does! But I guess he may want some time to just live life at some point. He is not one to just let go though so he will probably be around for a very long time. Right! Those granny style free throws are the best!
 I wonder when we'll see another player of his stature. Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you!
 I don't know, but he is one of a kind and we can only hope for more like Lebron. It has been great chatting with you too! 
 That would be cool! Lebron raised 6 million for charity by televising the decision.
 That's funny... funny how kareem abdul jabbar got the dunk banned from college basketball.
 Lebron is going to take over LA!
 I know! He will!
 I agree! Keep the Lakers strong.
 He is certain to go into the Hall of Fame his first year of eligibility with all of his accomplishments so far
 Yes. Good for him.
 Greatest game ever
 Something weird happened there.  I don't mind LeBron James.  I'm originally from Ohio so I have a soft spot for him.  lol
 True.  I'm reading that some of his high school basketball games would attract 1,750 fans and the tickets cost anywhere from $100 to $120.  That's true.  I remember the hype when he was in high school. I always thought then that he was over rated.  I was wrong!  lol
 No biggie.  lol  I have too many problems of my own to waste time worrying about LeBron.  lol  Maybe Judge Judy will knock him off the top of being the highest paid celebrity.  Currently she makes $123,000 per episode making her the highest paid celebrity after LeBron.
 Nice.  I couldn't even imagine to be what that would be like.  The New Zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"  Yikes.  What are they thinking?
 That I've heard about.  That's on the top floor of the US Supreme Court building!  Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
 Yes!  I have one more trivia "who is" question.  Ever heard of James Naismith?
 Yep!  He also was the only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas!
 The irony of it!  ...yes I agree with you.  It was nice chatting with you as well!
 They should.  Nice chat!
 Hi there , looking forward to chat with You !
 I'm pretty sure it's popular but maybe not basketball... they got hockey ! ;)
 Space Jam ;) lol, I loved that movie... Bugs Bunny and Michael Jordan rock ! :)
 I'm emailing Shaq right now... lol ;)
 of I'm sure... there is so many great players that I don't think one can say something like that about any one of them...
 Thanks for chatting with me!
 It was a pleasure !
 Wow! He got an amazing deal. Good for him. 
 I would have too then ha ha. 
 Ironically I have little interest in basketball, but I have manged to meet Lebron a number of years back.  I was not as excited as those around me.
 I used to work in a book store in downtown DC, because of our location and size we got all the famous people doing signings with us.  After a number of year you tended not to get as star struck.  We used to get lot's of Wizards, of the basketball variety
 So not Harry potter???? I tend not to get star struck either... I get more excited if my kids get to meet them than i.
 Because we were downtown we had no kids shopping at the store, just polticians and business people.  We were not big on Potter.  There were a number of Washington Wizards that fancies themselves as poets, they'd come for poetry slams.
 I was in DC when Jordan played for the Wizards, not quite the player he was, but still had more than just about everyone else.
 My mistake. That's even more shocking. I would love to see Jordan in it too. I did hear that James raised 6 million for charity by televising "The Decision". That was a very nice thing to do. He seems very charitable. 
 Yes he does a lot of good work with school aged kids he is very generous. He's certainly a very savvy person. When he was just 18 he turned down a 10 million dollar sponsorship for reebok only to get 90 million from nike later.
 I guess even back then people knew he would be the best. Now he's the NBA's all time playoff scoring leader, and a 14 time all star. Those people who paid those prices have stories to tell the rest of their lives.
 The NBA is one of the major professional sports leagues in US and Canada.
 That is true. It is composed of 30 teams in the United states and Canada.
 The league founded in New York city on June 6, 1946.
 It is very interesting. "granny style" is the best technique to consistently score points on the line.
 I heard that. I never got the granny shot down myself. I could shoot free throws pretty good regularly though. I think it just looks too goofy to become main stream.
 LeBron James is the professional basketball player of the NBA.
 He is the greatest player of all time. He was the hold many awards of all time. He is the all-time NBA playoffs scoring leader.
 Do you like Basketball ?
 That is true. It has really grown over the years. I think the athletes are just amazing though. They can just do awe inspiring stuff out there.
 The US supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 That sounds a little racist. What if the tall blacks basketball team is actually a bunch of short white guys. I think then it might even be more racist.
 It is very shocking.
 Did you hear about the shoe deal Allen Iverson signed back in 2001. He made out pretty good on that one.
 He played 14 NBA season. His nickname is "The Answer".
 Yeah. he was awesome. He had that crossover that nobody could guard. He even broke Jordans ankles.
 He is very aggressive, some athlete more involved in the game.
 Bye.
 Yeah, Iverson has  a 800 000 $ per year contract until he reaches 55. They must trust him to have good reputation all this time. 
 I know in the state I live in we have had the highest funded athletic programs in the country so I definitely believe the statement and I think they deserve it with all the fundraising they do.
 That's awesome and speaks to his character that he will televise his decision to donate to charity.
 I know thats good for exercise,  The highest court in the land!lol
 Yeah, he raised 6 million dollars for charity!
 "The decision" by televising it.
 Yes, he got a better deal! Nice chat!!
 Do you follow the NBA?  I used to shoot granny style as a kid, but apparently it is the best technique to shoot and score on the line.  Did you play as a child?
 Did you watch Space Jam?  Cute movie with Jordan.  Now they signed a deal with Lebron James for a sequel.
 I guess some of those who are in Senate a while could really play granny style.
 That's funny. I mean, it has been proven to be the best technique to score points constantly. I guess NBA players are just afraid of how they would look.
 I think it'd be funny. Maybe I'd watch more games. Haha.
 Love for Cleveland is even present in al-qaeda members. a captured al-qaeda member wrote letters expressing his disgust at his decision to go to the miami heat. gotta do something so heinous to be even hated by them, lol
 who wouldnt though? at the end of the day, its their job. When lebron james left cleveland for miami in 2010, his posters were marked down and sold for $17.41 in reference to the year the american traitor benedict arnold was born. that is some serious thought out attack
 yeah its a good thing some of them come out with something out of it. when your career depends on your body, its just a ticking time bomb
 I'm glad I'm in a job that doesn't count on my health.  I got a bad infection in my knee last year, and I was unable to walk for a few months.  If I were in basketball, I'd have been out for the season for sure, just like Green was.  I do have a a new appreciation for things now, which is good.
 damn thats tough. hope you made it out of it alright! 
 I've almost got my full flexibility back.  I couldn't bend it at all for a month, and then only progressed about a degree per week.  It was frustrating.  But, I eventually made it so I can play sports again without fear of pain or falling.  I can run a route and make a lay up like I used to.  2 points!
 wow, i cant imagine. that must have been frustrating af. but good for you for keeping your spirits up. Im honestly not sure how long this is supposed to go....Coach stan van gundy was fined for saying nba shouldn't be playing games on christmas day - thats just crazy to me
 no, ive never even heard of it.  i figured there was always a sport playing. they all overlap to an extent
 Oh, okay. That totally makes sense! Awesome chatting, have a good one.
 I hope he does, that would be really cool to see a father son duo
 Actually I know the reason behind the shot and why it doesnt get used, its because players think its stupid but its actually the best way to take a shot
 A court in the court. Sounds like someone has a sense of humor.
 Yes.  He dunked som much that they banned the shot from college basketball for over a decade.  He was also famous for his hook shot.
 Do you know any details about that Iverson detail by any chance?
 Sweet!  LeBron James rejected a 10 million offer from Reebok when he was just 18.  Less than a year later, he accepted a $90 million offer from Nike!
 Good marketing move for them.  Those shoes exploded because of Jordan.  Do you know who James Naismith is?
 Correct!  The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks"  Yikes!
 Crazies. lol  The US supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor.  Any guesses as to what they call it?
 haha I wonder if they shoot granny style since physicists proved that shooting granny style is the absolute best technique to consistently score points from the free throw line.
 No.  They would be breaking hips and not backboards. lol  Warner Bros. and LeBron James have signed a new deal for a Space Jam sequel.  That should be good.  Thanks for chatting!
 We'll see. lol  You have a good day too!
 Great Pacers player for years, he was deadly from 3 point line and took the team against Jordan a few times.  All-time!
 Yeah, what a talented family. nice chat
 Hey there!  I love the NBA!  I am a big basketball fan so I definitely love the premier league in the world!
 He wore them anyway since Nike paid the fine!
 I guess it is not all about money, Tim Duncan stayed and in college for 4 years when he could have went direct.
 He was a tremendous player for the Spurs.  "The Big Fundamental!"
 Well im sure James naismith would be ok with it, the inventor of the game,
 Thanks, have a good day!
 hi how are you this morning?
 I am good. I am a basketball fan. Although I have a tendency to love all the players. James Hardin was 2018 MVP.
 The controversary is just aas good as the game most of the time lol
 Amazing. Air Jordan shoes were initially not allowed but Michael Jordan wore them to play anyway as the team was willing to pay the fine.
 I know! Hard to believe that James is though to be the best ball player in the world. 
 Education is important. I'm glad it worked out for him. 
 Yes and on the top floor of it. Nice chat today
 Detroit,  Great! yes, Lebron James raised 6 million for charity!
 That's awesome! He was doing the charity for the decision right? I can't wait until they make the Space Jam Sequel and he's starring in it LOL
 I know , will be good!  That was great!!
 I feel the same, paid to much! Yes, I saw that, interesting In case of getting hurt, it was smart on Tim Duncan to finish school first. Great chat!!
 Yep I agree haha. That's why I like the Spurs, I think that like you said, Tim Duncan is really good and made the right move
 Thats awesome. Did you know that the U.S. Supreme Court Building  has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 I guess the sport pays great. Lebron James got a $90 million dollar deal from nike when he was only 19
 Yeah I know thats crazy. I guess I should have played basketball.
 I guess so. Hard to believe Lebron rejected Reebok's offer of 10 million dollars when he was 18 because he was sure he's get a better deal, and he did.
 And he was smart for doing it, because then he got the $90 million dollar Nike deal a year later.
 He must have valued his education a great deal. 
 I would agree.  Iverson's got a deal that is from Reebok that pays him 800k a year until age 55 and at that point he gets a 32 million lump sum payment.
 Wow! I think that is insane!
 Did you know that physicists proved that shooting "granny style" is the most accurate technique to score points on the line but NBA players refuse to do it because it looks stupid? 
 I bet that I could even make a basket that way! 
 It looks like the money is in all sports, in 39 out of the 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or college basketball coach.
 Wow. Well, unless you're Judge Judy. She makes 123k per episode! Nice chatting. Bye now.
 Same here, have a good one
 ahhh, now that a question. It's on a good way now - it's getting more popular, even bigger events like World Cup or even Euro has a decent coverage in news. I hear more positive things from Americans each year, so yeah, maybe ;)
 I really think that could happen... sooner than later !
 Thank You, it was a pleasure !
 Yeah! I will absolutely be seeing it! Reminds me of my childhood. I see why Lebron is often called :The Best Basketball Player in the World! He is pretty great!
 Thanks.     Tim Duncan of the San Antonio Spurs chose not to go to one of those teams directly, instead staying in college for four years.
 I agree.  He once rejected a $10 million offer from Reebok when he was just 18.  He didn't take it because he thought he would get more from Nike or Adidas.  Less than a year later he took an offer from Nike worth $90 million!
 Whoa.  That's some good cash.  Physicists have discovered that shooting granny style is the absolute best technique to score points on a consistent basis from the free throw line.  I'm going to have to remember that next I play.
 I kind of remember something about it but don't remember the details.
 I remember that!  He played in the minors for the White Sox!  LeBron raised 6 million dollars for charity when he aired "The Decison" .  That's when he left Cleveland the first time.
 I do know that.  I remember hearing about him when he was in high school.  They already were calling him the best basketball player compared to Jordan.
 It's been fun!  Have a good day!
 There is something to be said for that. In fact I am an alum from University of Kentucky. A lot of that happening!!
 have a good night there!
 No, I did not know that.  That was interesting.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you tonight?
 Ha! So true! So are you a basketball fan? I am and I also love the movie Space Jam. I can see why it's the highest grossing basketball movie of all time!
 Nah, King James is smarter than that.  He's not going to end up a statistic!
 I would actually want to see some celebrity player to do that in the middle of the game ! :) imagine the media coverage ! lol
 Wow, that must be part of the reason why he is so good.
 Yes same here, keep on eye on those games
 Will do, have a good one
 Hello, do you like basketball?
 Yes, only one of them from Canada!
 I wish I could remember, but talking about players, Le Bron James is thought to be the best player ever!
 That is pretty cool!! I remember the one with Michael Jordan. did you know Le Bron raised 6 million for charity?
 Wow, and he had rejected a $10 million offer from reebok before, he thought he could get more, and yes he did!
 And he was pretty young by then, he was just 18
 I remember when Lebron played for Miami Heat, now the LA Lakers are so lucky to have him!
 He has won many awards , even two olympic gold medals, and he is only 34 years old!
 He must have been and more that 1750 people attended, that is crazy, he was just a kid.
 It was cool that the NBA was funded on June 6 1946, we are now able to enjoy the competition! It was nice talking to you.
 He is!! How do you like Le Bron James?
 I admire him a lot, I think he made a great desicion of rejecting a 10 million offer from reebok when he was very young
 Not that many, and one of them from Canada, just one!
 It was called Basketball Association of America , it was changed to NBA in 1949, I think NBA is more catching
 They are great, he tried to brag about his 40 points and she did 105 points!
 Probably , so. Did you hear about Tim duncan, he got an education and went to 4 years college before going to the NBA, I respect that decision very much!
 But players think it looks dumb hahaha
 I did but I hate it! But I know the show is a success. She earns like $123,000 each episode
 That is a lot! But LeBron James makes more than her
 Hi! How are you today? I'm home watching TV, hoping to watch a little basketball later.
 I know he's really popular. Warner Bros. have signed him for a new Space Jam deal. 
 Well, he sure has the bucks. He has a $90 million contract with Nike that he got after declining a $10 million offer from Reebok.
 I have heard that tickets for some games were selling for $100-$120!
 I heard he and his sister Cheryl had quite the rivalry going.
 Wow! That must have been when she broke 8 national records.
 Still a lot. Speaking of huge salaries, Judge Judy makes $123k per episode. Now THAT is crazy.
 Me too! It was nice chatting! Take care.
 Yeah, I agree that that's the best approach. You think maybe if players were drunk when they played, they'd just might deploy the "granny style" of shooting the basketball? It is the best technique to consistently score points, according to physicists.
 That's amazing retirement planning! You hear about athletes mismanaging their money or fortune but Iverson and Lebron James are breaking that "trend".
 Yeah, didn't he postpone joining the NBA until he finished getting his bachelors? Wondered if they paid for his tuition.
 He's amazing! Some consider him the best player in the game, and he would probably agree...
 They have a history of attracting some of the greats, and the history continues.  LeBron made history with the Cavaliers, bringing them to their first NBA championship, so, you know he is capable of a lot!
 And also the other great players like Rajon Rondo, seems like the Lakers are going all in
 Warner Bros are going all in too!  They signed a deal with LeBron for a "Space Jam" sequel!
 Yeah, imagine, passing up $10 million with confidence that another better deal was on the horizon...and he was right!  Nike paid him $90 milllion just a year later!
 I would have taken the money lol, he was only 18 back then I guess his confidence paid off in the end, now he has better deals than those
 I liked how he returned to Cleveland. Remember when he first left Cleveland and everyone was so dissapointed that championship expectations were not met? Then, after LeBron wins two NBA titles with the Heat, he returns to Cleveland and brings them the gold too!  It's a great story!
 You can't make this stuff up!  I like the story about Reggie Miller...the one where he tries to brag to his family about his most excellent 40-point scoring performance, only to find out that his sister had scored over 100-pts that day for her basketball team.  Humility...
 Kareem!  A gifted athlete. And he also studied martial arts under Bruce Lee too. He was so dominant on the boards, the NCAA had to ban his dunk. But can you imagine a 7-footer throwing kicks at you like Bruce Lee?  Scary!
 Here's another scary thought: Ruth Bader Ginsberg hanging from the rim after she jams one home!  The Supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor. They call it "The highest court in the land"...  I'd pay money to see the justices playing against one another!
 You like that name? Then you'll love this one: The New Zealand basketball team has a nickname...the Tall Blacks... You gotta love it!
 That sounds like a really racist name lol, someone would get punched in America for sure lol
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Funny, huh.  Air Jordan's were banned when introduced to the NBA but Nike payed the fine to have them worn by Jordan.
 I didn't see it, but always am tempted to rent it at the library.  I'd like to be Judge Judy for just a day because she makes $123,000 per episode.
 You would think he knew something, or he knew he was that good!
 There used to be the Vancouver Grizzies but they moved to Memphis. I remember a lot of that squad, starting with Bryant: big country reeves.
 They moved to memphis. AI has a great reebok deal. He's getting rich off of them!
 I know! I listen to him on the dan patrick show and he is funny! He told that story a few months back. So good!
 I hope so! That would be fun to watch. Like eating popcorn with chopsticks...
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hello
 Good day to you. Do you like sports?
 lol. That is what I love about sports, they are usually unpredictable.
 That's so true!  I guess my thing is... Washington is four games behind Indiana now and it isn't like Indiana is bound for the post.
 Honestly, I can't not bet on King James and the Cavs.  Sure, they're in third right now, but you just can't count the guy out.
 Ah, Golden State.   I'm feeling ya there.  I would love for Chicago to be strong again, but... Jordan has been gone a long time.  The air just isn't up there anymore.
 It's funny, I had a discussion about that just the other day.  College ball brings so much coin in that they think it's worth it to pay coaches the big bucks.
 And really, what about Judge Judy getting paid $123k per episode.  Talk about overpaid.   At least Lebron sells tickets.
 My cousin would agree with you there.  He paints for a living.  Annnndddd the lucky sucker is getting Iverson Reeboks for Christmas, so I am super jealous.
 Absolutely I do.  A friend of mine got a pro contract out of college.  He played 2 games, jacked up his knee and ended up doing 2 years in the CFL.  He was retired from football by the time he was 25.  At least he has a degree to fall back on.
 That's the thing.  I haven't seen "Space Jam"  I know, I know... but Jordan already did it.  So the best I can say is maybe.
 True, 
 Do you follow the NBA?  I guess Draymond Green got suspended after a heated argument with Kevin Durant.  The NBA is more and more like Pro wrestling. 
 Haha, you're not the only one. Apparently even members of al-qaeda spoke out against his move to Miami. He seems to be losing support everywhere. 
 I think Shaq could have made more than one 3 pointer in his entire career if he had adopted the granny style! Might not be worth the ridicule, though. 
 You too!
 I am excited about that. Nice chat
 Same here
 Yup I prefer the nachos haha.
 Yeah same here. It's funny how danny the boy from the shining didnt know it was a horror film until years later.
 You bet, Enjoyed Car Talk and more! Cheers!
 Thanks. You too!
 Goodbye.
 Hello, I like Star Wars. Excited about the new land at Walt Disney World opening soon.
 Yes, I have watched the office. Pretty funny! makes me laugh! 
 Yeah I need to check those out. I can't believe there are thousands of them online. And also free on that website. That's a good deal!
 I am old enough I have seen them all in the theater.  However, I did not see Solo;  from the reviews I read, Solo was a dud.  Its amazing its longevity and freshness considering the series started in 1977.  
 Yeah cars are awesome. I think the 1908 model T being the first American car was really cool.
 That is really cool no wonder it's so prestigious and expensive. I'm thankful that McDonald's created the drive-through in 1975.
 It looks like they developed them to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of the cars while wearing their fatigues. So patriotic.
 Hi. I thought it is awesome that you are allowed to put flame-throwers on your car in South Africa. What do you think about that?
 Ah, that's sound crazy. What do you think about the pizza guy that plays beethoven on the piano where he delivered a pizza.
 I think it was sweet. Did you hear about the Alabama man who got a car from his boss because he had to walk 20 miles to work?
 Somewhere in Alabama. I think this story made it on the nightly news. What did you think about the piano story?
 Oh okay yeah I remember that, and also the piano story awesome.  I love beethoven music. Do you remember what song it was?
 It was Moonlight Sonata. I will have to google that as I only vaguely remember it.  Do you remember ever hearing it before? 
 His name was Bryce and he was 18. Do you know what date he played that piece on the piano?
 Awesome. I think he used 'Youtube' videos to learn the piano. Do you happen to know what video game the child stopped playing to listen to Bryce play the piano?
 Haha yeah  Fortnite...   I'm going to be playing that later on.
 Lol. I bet that was hard for him to give up playing. I think that had to be some piano playing. Was Bryce a low income student?
 I wish. I will move to South Africa if they don't let me. 
 It is good that there are not 'wooden trunks' on cars anymore. Then what would we do! Lol.
 I think it was Scooby-Doo (love that cartoon). Hey it is has been wonderful. Thanks.
 It's also amusing when they have that ceremonial pitch, especially when it's someone who can't throw.  
 My son is learning the piano, he loves learning all the John Williams music, he does Star Wars, Jurassic Park and Raiders of the Lost Ark.  It amazes me how he does it when I look at all those keys.
 You have to wonder how it got up there. Is that even possible to do without a helicopter? And who would use a helicopter to do that? lol
 Hi Do yo like star wars?
 I actually like them all! but I just realized it is a nine movie saga, i had not realized there were that many
 Well she had to do with changes like obi wan's death and leias good luck kiss
 He is too famous! I did not know the 2018 film  Solo: A star wars story was the second best grossing movie of all times!!
 all right! It was nice talking to you today. Have a good one!
 Boring, as in the Boring Company that Elon has? Or bored? LOL. 
 No sound. Just blank. I think it was a prank that succeeded despite itself. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
 yes i am very falmiliar with that album. i have owned a copy since i was in high school
 Yes, but Duncan kept the pressure on until the theater gave in.  Good for him. 
 Yeah.  Duncan lived to the ripe old age of 95.  Seems he lived a good life. 
 Yes, a big one
 He bought a property and found a barn on the property full of classic cars.
 No kidding on both! I guess someone who is not careful or has a bad memory or just doesn't care. It was good chatting with you today!
 Hi, how are you?
 Im good how about you.
 It was a country artist and it was a long time ago. I dont remember the name to be honest.
 That's cool.  I saw Lynrd Skynrd last summer on their farewell tour in Florida and it was awesome.  Hot, but awesome!
 Thats cool. Did you know linkin park played 24 concerts in 2001 alone.
 The ramones toured almost non stop for 20 years. They did a total of 226 shows.
 I think it would be pretty awesome. To get to travel around playing music instead of having a job.
 Lol. I was never really a creed fan, so I can believe it.
 Pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater with no audience. What are your houghts.
 I guess, but they were recording it. I would say it was just a publicity stunt to sell more records. 
 I do actually.
 Sounds nice. Did you know cadillac was named after the french explorer who founded detroit.
 Yeah, I had heard that before and found it so appropriate.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  Hope you enjoy the rest of your Monday, friend.
 Hi, how are you?
 I love basking in it, but it does get a little hot.  Lol
 You're so correct, it's vital to our existence and is a star at the center of the Solar System..
 You must be in the vino, like me!  Yeah, he's a pretty awesome little nearly perfect sphere of hot plasma.
 Me either.  It's been nice chatting this evening, I need to go cook supper, so I'll talk to you later! TGIF, friend.
 I do, I am a big fan of his books as well.
 The recent It remake was excellent, I am excited for the next chapter to come out soon.
 Sometimes his stories have weird endings but The Shining is such a great movie.
 It was fun chatting with you, have a good day!
 Hi, how are you?
 My favorite of all time is The Shining.  Such a classic with Jack!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this evening.  Hope you enjoy the rest of your evening.
 Oh cool, you're going to Japan too. Sorry didn't put that together, I'm not good at skiing, it got ruined for me when I was like 12 and stuck on the hill for hours lol.
 I am well, thank you, I was just playing a little piano. Do you play?
 I am a novice, that dreams of some day playing more than just chopsticks. But there is something about striking those keys, moving those levers, and hearing the notes ring that warms the soul.
 You could write a movie about that piano! 
 Talk about hitting the high notes... The Hindenberg had an aluminum piano. I wonder where that landed?
 Right. I bet it would be playing hard rock as it landed... Or maybe it played that song used for stress-testing pianos?
 That is it!  I hear it is impossible for a human to play it, so they have to use a machine.
 They were a driven band!  I want a piano in my car so I can play as I drive. Either that or a pair of those flame throwers that are legal in South Africa!
 Sounds far fetched, but so does the story about the band Creed playing a concert so horribly that the fans sued them.  If only they had flame throwers to entertain the audience!
 Was that the Hybrid Theory tour?
 They must have been running on adrenaline! When I listen to Pink Floyd, that make my adrenaline surge!  They performed a concert in an amphitheater to record an album, but there were no audience members! What a waste of empty seats!
 It was a fantastic film and I hope you check it out at your earliest convenience.
 I couldn't agree with you more. Women are doing a fantastic job at lead roles these days and Gal Gadot is the perfect example of this.
 I agree. She did a fantastic job and I was completely blown away by her performance in that movie and in that role. Wow!!!
 I think you're correct. It was nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a nice night!! Thanks
 I am not surprised, she has really risen to stardom with her show. I do not really follow them either, just hear about them sometimes. Apparently Pixar has a secret room visited only by celebrities
 Yeah that is true. Really nice chatting with you.
 Yes I bet he is! I wonder if he will ever win an Academy Award, because I know that no one will ever match her LOL
 Good Morning!
 I'm a big fan of his acting and movies and think it's awesome that he eviscerated Trump! 
 Thats what I thought was so funny! Do you like movies? I gotta agree with him on this..Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw.
 I've not seen those. I know if you watch a horror movie before viewing abstract art you will enjoy the art more.
 Yeah. I don't get it. I'll have to look it up online. Do you use the internet a lot?
 I definitely use it way more than I need to. Even so I'm just learning dumb things like the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. Weird.
 Yeah. I'm not either. And I never read that stuff. I see enough of it though I'm sure I'm addicted to online as constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain.
 Haha-you too! Thanks for the chat.
 Laugh at VP Plantain all you want but he might reach office some day lol, and yeah, he can definitely work with Kanye and release an album, you never know with those two!
 Yes! Have a great day!
 hello,  do you know much about Kim Jong Un,  the supreme leader of North Korea?
 No they would not. Want to hear something funny.  The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 Yeah absolutely,  my favorite is Thor ragnarok. How about you?
 Great for her! Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street!
 Me neither. Do you like The Voice? 
 Thats Funny! I do like country music though. 
 I would have never guessed that! Have a great day! 
 One last fact about radios there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Indeed I agree. Soldiers in WWII made simple radios using razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
 thanks! 
 I can't imagine. I mostly listen to NPR when I'm driving--I'm kind of a nerd like that. But in Finland there is a whole station that only broadcasts in classical Latin, so at least I know there are WAY bigger nerds out there than me!
 Yeah that one. Apparently they have a room that is secret and visited by celebrities. It was nice chatting with you
 Just fine, how are you?
 Yes, I've been swimming all my life.
 Yeah, I heard about that banned swimsuit.  It was so good that 94% of all swimming races at the 2008 Olympics were won in it. That's funny.
 Nice chatting with you as well.  Have a good evening.
 I do like gymnastics! I took it when I was little, how about you?
 No, I didn't know that. Very impressive! Have you ever heard of the special olympics? The sister of president Kennedy started getting backyard get togethers for kids with disabilities that's how it evolved into the Special Olympics.
 Ohhh, maybe that's what they were referring to. I just remember President Abe Lincoln and his hat lol, 
 Yeah it definitely is the world's most popular sport!
 He played in the Pam American Maccabi Games in Brazil so I guess he was pretty good.
 No, I don't, but I like the new mascot for the Philadelphia Union.
 I can't imagine how chaotic those 3 team games must be! Must be a sight to see!
 Yeah I like them too a lot. nice chat
 Oh oh haha. I think that's not a bad look. I've seen Blake Shelton pull that look off numerous times on The Voice, I think he should run for president, he'd be one of the wealthiest ones along with JFK and Washington.
 I'm good.  Thanks for asking and you?
 Well, it's cold by all means, I'm glad you're somewhere warm, my friend.
 Agreed. I love that show as well. In fact, after they aired the Family Guy episode, The Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers. I thought that was awesome!
 I remember one tune that he actually didn't write "I'm Just a Bill", they did a gag on Family Guy about it.  Had an anthropomorphic bill lying on the ground starting to sing, only to get stabbed by a trash picker.  LOL 
 Yeah, and speaking of jazz, they say Clint Eastwood is a big jazz fan and pianist.  I didn't know that!
 Me too, Conjunction Junction, what's your function.  Brings back good memories.
 Clint is talented and that son of his looks just like him when he was younger.  I hope he's just as talented as Clint. 
 Sure. I bought some good melt n pour soap. Made myself some nice soap.  How about you?  I love shopping on Amazon!
 Yeah. We are Fire Stick users too. A friend of mine produces one of the Amazon prime original series, so we are loyal viewers!  Amazon CEO, Bezos, is a smart dude. Smehow he even managed to get the USPS to work on Sunday!
 Have you watched movies on the IMDB Freedive app yet?  I feel a little guilty watching so much Amazon Fire TV, while Amazon employees in the warehouse are walking up to 15 miles per day working for us!
 I want one of those clocks built in a mountain like the one Bezos built!  Of course, I live in Texas, so we are a little short on mountains here... Freedive is good. Uses commercials to pay for content, so it is a little like standard TV, but when they have a movie I want to see, it beats not watching....
 As long as there are McDonalds drive thru windows, there will be a market for cars!  McDs invented the drive thru to accomodate servicemen and women who were not allowed to exit their vehicles while wearing fatigues. I wonder why they invented the McNugget?
 Interesting perspective.  What is your take on South African flame throwers installed on cars?  Obviously they can be used to warm up your McNuggets, but that seems a bit excessive...
 Yeah, but most of it is going in the wrong direction!  Even the lowly lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the surface of the sun. But is that also true for greased lightning? 
 You are indeed wise. So tell me... Do you remember July 11th, 2011?  That was the day Neptune completed it's first orbit around the sun since it was discovered in 1846. Did you sleep through it like I did? Now I gotta wait until it comes around again to get a peek... Bummer.
 It's not all about size you know. Sometime, the smaller the sun, the hotter plasma!  That's what my Grandpa always said...  Nice chatting with you!
 I am!  I use it all the time either for buying stuff or watching prime video.
 Yes.  I'm currently watching "Goliath"  I can't believe it's already been 25 years since Amazon was founded in 1994.
 Goliath is with Billy Bob Thornton.  He plays a lawyer.  Yes they are.  So much so that Jeff Bezos could afford to build a clock onto a mountain that should run for 10,000 years!
 That would be neat.  I wonder if the person knew that was going to happen?
 I am sure he thought he was just ordering a book or something... That would be a neat surprise though.
 It would be.  I do like how Amazon contracted with the US postal service to deliver Amazon packages on Sundays.  That was nice to get some of my packages before Christmas like that.
 lol True!  Plus they are hurting to stay afloat so Amazon is probably helping them in that respect.
 That would be rough working in an Amazon warehouse if you had bad knees, back, or feet.  Not for me. lol
 I worked in one for about 6 years in a flower pot factory.  I feel your pain.  The temps. were terrible...in the summer you would be dying from the heat and in the winter you were frozen to the bone.
 It's terrible.  What's sad is that in my area it's either work in a factory like that or work at a retail store.  I would tell people how bad the warehouse work was and how it took a toll on you but no one believes you unless they experienced it.
 Well, good luck. Nice chatting with you!
 Wow! The Old Man and the Gun sounds like it could be a fantastic film for Robert Redford if, indeed, it's gonna be his last film!
 you too!
 Bye!
 Hahaha  I'm like you.  I was surprised to learn that the first patent was issued in 1886 to Karl Benz.
 Holy smokes!  That's a lot of plastic and metal.  I wonder if Karl Benz ever wondered there would be that many cars when he was developing them.
 That sounds scary to live there if they have to put those on their cars to prevent that.  The first car that was made available to the masses was the Model T built by Ford in 1908.  I've seen those in parades.
 That is interesting.  I wonder if that was part of a contest or something?  I didn't realize McDonalds didn't have drive thrus until 1975.
 They are called that because in the early days of cars people used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them. 
 They just can't see as many different colors as humans.  I have to get ready to wrap things up for the evening.  I enjoyed the chat!
 Oh wow! Interesting! Yeah, I have to get going too. Have a great night! :)
 You have a great night too!
 I could see where they would get old then. lol  Did you know that there are 12 different blood types a dog could have?  I never knew that.
 I had cats for a long time, but when the last one died I thought I would take a break from them.  Dogs are a lot of work.  Dogs can also donate blood at dog blood drives.  lol
 A very tiny, tiny amount.  It sometimes is playing when I go to wineries.
 Maine is beautiful!  I had cousins who lived up there when I was a kid.  We would go up there every few years....first we would drive to Boston see those cousins and then head to Maine to see the other cousins.. lol  Did you know that Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz fan?
 He's awesome in all the different rolls he has played in his career.  Did you know that jazz trumpeters grew goatees as a way to provide comfort when playing?
 Yes it would!  haha  Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts.  I don't think jazz when I think of Pakistan music.  I picture flutes and drums for some reason. lol
 Right?  LOL  Did you know about the Harlem woman who has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 years?
 LOL I know what you mean!  I'm usually listening to rock and doing my best out of tune singing.  People already think I'm crazy....jazz would put it over the top. LOL
 LOL yes!  I've had fun chatting with you!  
 LOL Have to make it interesting right?  You have a good day too!
 Good Morning! How are you on this Friday?
 I'm great! I've been watching Sherlock on Netflix. How about you? Have you ever seen the Simpson's?
 I watched when there were only like 100 episodes back in the day when it first came out. I couldn't imagine watching that many. Have you?
 I remember that. Have you ever seen Shark Tank? Most of those deals aren't even enacted afterwards.
 I honestly don't know! I've been watching it for awhile. Did you watch the academy awards? I know you said youw atched the emmy's, right?
 I know Green Book and Bohemian Rhapsody received many. Have you seen those?
 They were great actually. I totally can believe that. The next person in line is John Williams with nominations.
 What film did he make? I once heard eminem has Oscars too. I wonder what movies he won them for?
 I never heard of him actually. I'm sure Eminem got his for 8 mile.
 Sometimes but I do not have much time. Nice chat
 Yep, there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart is neither seen nor mentioned. 
 That must have been very nice of them. That is the same thing as samsung sending flowers to apple when they started selling the iphone X!
 Ah, Daniel Day Lewis was the only actor to win best actor at the oscars three times. That is a lot!
 That is not surprising, as Disney has made many excellent movies. The oscars were nominated a total of 9 times for emmys back in 2013.
 Ah, that is a lot considering there are only 24 awards. There have been 3072 oscars awarded since it began in the 90s
 No. To me, "Telly" will always be the actor Telly Savalas. AKA Kojak. I'll usually call it the TV or the boob tube.
 It can be analogue or digital, live or recorded, but whatever shape it's transmission  is, it is mass media for advertising, entertainment, or news. I think mostly for sales of pharmaceuticals, since every other ad is for a drug of some sort.
 Probably not. More likely I will be watching old UK remakes of that 70s Show. They only made 10 episodes, so I can binge watch all in one night. How about you?
 I agree on the politics. I am a PhD scientist. I do not stand up in public and lecture people about the virtues of method acting. It would be silly since I am not a professional actor. Likewise, why should an actor, who only pretends to be a politician on TV, be considered an expert on world affars, national defense, etc. But I digress. The UK version of the 70s show was called days like these
 Has Pokemon ever gotten an Emmy? I learned all I know about politics from watching the 750 Pokemon episodes.
 Toons are great, but what makes them come alive are the voices of the actors. Like THomas the Tank Engine, which was narrated by great voice artists such as George Carlin, Ringo Starr, and Alec Baldwin. 
 If this is true, why am I still buy rechargeable batteries? No, my expertise is not in the sun, but I still get to enjoy it's hot plasma pushing out electromagnetic energy on my face.
 I think that star is named Bertha. She is one hot ball of gas. But did you know that the surface of the sun is not as hot as a lightening bolt? But it can still fry eggs if necessary.
 An egg has whites and yolks (which are yellow), but did you know that the sun is actually white, and only seems yellow due to atmospheric scattering. So next time you cook an egg, ask yourself, what color are egg whites really?
 It is comforting. But poor old Neptune is probably out of the loop on this. Since 1846, Neptune has only made one full orbit around the sun.  Who knows how many episodes of Pokemon will be aired befoe it completes another orbit?
 HA! I would love to have seen Sparky Anderson or Lou Pinella take a few hacks. Although today's manager's are in pretty good shape.
 No it doesn't, but it's Canada so they would be so cute about it.
 I love Japanese ballgames. They have so much fun. It's like a rock concert. If you ever get board, youtube it. It's so fun!
 Probably too hard with the advent of multiuse stadium and software.
 I had no idea. I would probably cut myself trying to change the station...
 Nice chatting with you!
 Did you know that Tom Hanks brother Jim does the voice of Woody for video games and merchandise.
 I see them as almost lifelike. I mean when I was a kid we had little blobs on the screen now a days people look like people in the games. It is amazing.
 That would be nice.  My brother used to collect them I don't think he had million dollars worth. 
 That would be cool. Did you now that baseball is really popular in Japan?
 Id be interested to find out how many times that has happened. Im sure it happened a lot more in the early days of baseball.
 I dont know. I have never heard of it happening. I do know in the early days there wasnt as much money in it so I could see them just using one of the players as the coach.
 Im not sure. I think Ill go look that up. It was nice chatting with you today.
 Have a good one.
 Yes, thank God Assistant Principal John Sawchuk tackled the 6-foot-2, 230-pound teenager. After only two shots.
 Wow I knew there were a lot of pokemon episodes I just did not know there were 750! that's a lot!
 That is very impressive I don't think I know any shows that produced all these episodes a year. It is very cool that they are able to provide all of this content 
 Wow I did not know that yet again the man was a creative genius 
 That's true but maybe because back in the day there was not much competitions as now don't you think? 
 That is very true, I really think Decaprio deserves sooo many. All the movies of his I can think of are just outstanding.
 I do not. Nice chatting with you!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Groovy
 Hey, man, yeah, totally.
 I do, I love music videos, what about you?
 Yes, but very minimally. I just never got enough traffic, I guess. He was always on the public station on Saturday morning where I lived, but now I'm glad he's on YouTube anytime I want!
 It's a good cartoon. Ben Stiller is one of the main celebrity voice overs. It's about animals in the zoo wanting to go back to Madagascar and they escape and go. 
 He's pretty funny! I like YouTube celebrities, too. I think I'll go watch some right now...have a good day, too!
 I love it!  I can't believe it's been around 14 years already since being founded in 2005.
 For sure!  The three former Paypal employees who started the company (Chard Hurley, Steve Chen, and Jawed Karim) really cashed in!
 Sure would be nice and I bet that did.  Do you remember Psy's Gangnam Style video?
 Psy's video got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits!
 I ddn't know that.  Justin Bieber's Baby is the most disliked video on youtube.  Do you know what Netflix and Youtube have in common?
 Together they both make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 They sure do!  Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode making her the highest paid celebrity only after LeBron James.
 I didn't know that.  Must be something special in there.  Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films when he did Aladdin.
 I agree.  I loved all the different roles he could play.  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.  With that I'm going to be on my way as the song goes. lol  It was fun chatting!
 Have a good one!  I'm calling it a night too.
 Nice chatting with you today. I wouldn't want to go then either.
 Interesting!  Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks.  lol
 Isn't that ironic?  86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.  That's where they hide the aliens. LOL
 No doubt! lol  A man in France impersonated a gov't official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice!  Wonder how much trouble he got into for that not once...but twice? LOL
 He somehow slipped it through the cracks. lol  In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the amazon rainforest.  That's a good thing to see!
 Isn't that crazy?  Are you a car fan?
 Wouldn't that be awesome?  How about Jann Mardenborough who became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the Gran Turismo video game!
 Interesting.  In 1908 Ford created the Model T.
 I agree.  That would have been interesting to be around when horse drawn wagons and cars were on the road at the same time.  I guess if you live near an Amish settlement you can experience it. LOL
 Yikes. That doesn't sound pleasant.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Yep dogs are definitely awesome! And their sense of smell and super hearing helps them to assist us with things like the police and military
 One day maybe I'll get a dog. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
 You too! And watch out for dogs and animals like the elephant, they are the only ones who can respond to pointing haha
 I know a little bit.  Did you know that even if Obama was born in Kenya he would still be eligible to become president?
 That's what I thought, but I just read that fact so it must be true? lol  President Obamas secret service codename is Renegade. I like that!
 You're right there.  So true.  Franklin Roosevelt vetoed 635 bills while in office and Barack Obama vetoed just 2.  What a difference.  
 I couldn't even imagine.  Like if the opposite parties don't bicker enough now.  lol
 Yes! lol  I was reading that if you zoom into the white house on google maps you can see Obama. lol I'm going to have to look at that.
 Hahah  I wonder how long ago president banana was around?  I wonder if he ever visited here?
 I saw the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  It was nice chatting with you as well!
 Very much so.  I'm a firm believer in the man's best friend theory.
 Just one of the reasons I like Google.  Dogs are allowed on campus.
 Maybe if they promoted on video games like Eve-online, the massive multi-player online game, they would get more attention.
 Hi , did you know there is a president who does have time for music? pretty cool!
 Yes, that is right! he has released 3 albums while in office!
 I think that actually helps
 Yes, the president of Zimbabwe , he must love bananas
 True, did you know that at the beginning of the 20th century the runner up became the president!?
 It was really different! and talking about their houses, if you think the White house is big, did you know the guest house is bigger? 
 That was really preventive!!! I would have wanted to drink all the coconut water from those coconuts
 Summits are good for media exposure and economic reasons.. do not think they are too productive
 Maybe he will do a remix of "Gundam style"?  Maybe we can organize a meeting between Presidents Obama, Banana, and the Indonesian singing President. We can call it "Summit for the encouragement of Banana Republics"
 Right. I guess they have commitment issues...LOL... Kind of like during the Brisbane G20 summit, when the Canadian Prime minister greeted Putin by saying, "I guess I'll shake your hand, but I have only one thing to say to you. You need to get out of Ukraine."
 His entire Presidency was unusal, and Google must agree....LOL...Franklin D. Roosevelt was much more deserving of a nod from Google, after all, he vetoed 635 bills while in office. Obama only managed to veto just 2. What did he do with his time?
 Right. A game he picked up while in Kenya maybe? He did visit India though.  In preparation for the meeting, the Indian people removed all the coconuts from nearby trees to protect their visitor. Now that is hospitality!
 Perfect, right? Renegade is a great nickname for a President who was a trailblazer of sorts. He was the first African American electeted to the Presidency.
 Definitely. Not bad for a guy with the middle name, Hussein
 Actually they release food and water for the stray dogs!
 Hi, I do like reading.  I have an 8 year old I am trying to get into books.  I recently heard of a good book called Endling: The Last by Katherine Applegate.
 For sure.  She loves "winning" things.  Even if it is just another drawstring backpack.
 I actually broke two ribs a couple years ago.  I find that fact very awesome!
 Yes, it did about 8 weeks. Do you like dogs or cats?  I am a dog person just like Google!  They specifically say they are a dog company!
 Yes, to release food and water for stray dogs!  I love that!
 It's so cool, you saving your Mturk money up to go to Iceland? If not, you should. It really is a sweet place, I went there for a week and would move there in a heartbeat if I could.
 Yes. It is a racked played sports between single opponent or between doubles.
 Tennis is a Olympic sport and it played of all age group of people in the society . The modern tennis originated in England, in late 19th century as Lawn tennis.
 It is very interesting. Ping pong is the company which supply table tennis equipment whereas table tennis is the name of the sport.
 Amazing. You watch tennis regularly. Do you like car ?
 Cars is make to travel comfortable and safely. Mostly cars came into human use in 20th century.
 Its 1886. The internal combustion engine was used and fuel like Gasoline.
 Yeah. Electric are available in some countries try to avoid pollution and to protect the green houses.
 I think Bradley Cooper is a good actor, I liked his latest movie, "A Star is Born" his role is pretty decent.
 Yeah I dont see him as Green Lantern or any hero really, although it would have been interesting to watch.
 I watch drama and comedy shows only. What about you ?
 Yes, Indoor concerts held in the largest venues are called arena concerts. The musicians usually perform on a stage.
 The Ramones played 2,263 concerts they toured almost non stop for over 20 years.
 My favourite is Shakira concert is very famous.
 Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor for tv drama.
 Yes.
 The green lanternf film was going to be a comedy starring jack black. He is make comedy very well.
 So if we've got a billion years or two that the earth is habitable and our species survives, think how long our future is compared to the past.
 No, but I guess it stands to reason -- martial arts and dancing involve similar skills, after all.
 No, I didn't. Nice chatting with you!
 Hey man, it's been great chatting!
 Same here, have a good one.
 Very true. Some positive things did come out of it. For example Bernie Sanders described the outcome as a positive step and  de-escalating tensions between our countries.
 Yes it does. A funny fact is that he was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion and China totally believes it ha ha!
 Totally strange. And he learned to drive at age 3 haha!! It was a very pleasant chat with you as well. Bye!
 Do you know how that money was delegated? Was the money effective in its original mission? Yes, I think I would be angered but would have to keep my cool. Spain is the only guest that has been at ever G20 summit, I guess they didn't offend anyone like Putin did to the Canadian Prime Minister.
 HAHA!  It was good talking to you!
 Yeah, it sounds like the Wizards are having trouble keeping their rosters full.  They signed on John Wall, a borderline MVP candidate.  I think he's one of their star players.  But with all the expensive players they have, they could be facing a tough season if they don't do well.
 I didn't know who made it famous.  I thought it just happened.  Something else that just happens is dancing to the music.  Did you know that babies smile more when they hit the beat to the music, and that they like to dance when they hear music playing?  
 I don't know.  All I can think of right now is the moonwalk.  I tried to learn some dance myself back in the day, but I didn't do ballet nor achieve the moonwalk.  Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, I know that is really funny. What's even funnier though is the North Korean President Kim Jong Un. Did you know that he's voted most sexiest man alive by the onion, and china totally believes it?
 Yes, you too. Thanks!
 Hello! How are you doing today? I just read some very interesting things I would like to talk about
 Im not sure if i do either lol. I have heard that they HAVE to put a certain amount of Canadian entertainment by law. That goes for the TVs and Movies too.
 Yeah lol. I remember my dad told me that Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode. 
 The real question is do you know how much it was sold for?
 Unfortunately I do not know that information. But I will have to look it up sometime to find out.
 Yeah that would be really interesting to know. I have heard Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks and the goverment got mad.
 I wonder what the plan was. Oh the good ole government and their secrets. I guess they don't like it when someone tells on them for doing something bad.
 No I have never heard that but that is kinda odd if you think about it lol.  I have however heard that In 2008 the norwegian government donated $1bn to help save the amazon rainforest.
 Yeah I think a bunch of people take a piece before the rainforest gets its cut. The whole too many cooks thing.
 Yup that is how government works
 Hello, not a lot no are you?
 Now that would be funny!
 Exactly! Could you imagine if Clinton became the vice president as the runner up? OMG
 I agree and i'm sure Bill would be happy to be back home as first Man haha
 lol yeah for real he can just stay in the guest house which is actually bigger than the White house.
 Probably to accommodate the family of the guests and not just for a single person plus the White house if more for Official business type things.
 Yeah, i heard it was Banana or something along those lines haha
 That would be hilarious but very fitting too!
 Yeah, i think they are buddy buddy
 Yeay, maybe they will eat big macs together, who knows! It was great chatting with you too! Bye
 Yes, I had heard that and I am super excited about it! David Muse is artistic director!
 I know, right. The new season will include plays by two New York writers who grew up there. The Studio is also rolling out some vintage work, the most ever.
 Oh, yeah. Hmm. I am excited to hear what Muse will be directing in the Spring of 2019, It has yet to be announced. I am looking forward to hearing what he will chose, it will be epic.
 Good point, that would be crazy. It is actually the fifth play of the season that Muse will direct. I will be keeping tabs on this announcement.  
 What! Wow, that is nuts!! I haven't played Nintendo in a while. I was watching a Jim Carrey movie and learned that he wont play in dramas anymore. Did you hear about that?
 Yeah, I liked the Grinch but I know that wasn't for everybody. I guess he won't be in those anymore either.
 Yeah, I agree. I love comedies, myself. I love watching Third Rock From The Sun. It won a bunch of awards in 1997.
 Awesome stuff, take care.
 iM DOING GREAT HOW BOUT YOU.
 I wouldnt have guessed that in a million years.
 Dang, that would be nice to make in one year.
  think he is better at comedies anyways.
 Yeah I think azce ventura gaame me this view of him that I cant take him serious for a movie like that.
 Thats awesome. I may have to look that website up later.
 Sounds like a reason why someone might take a drama class.
 Didnt she play in the office?
 I did know that actually. Games have gotten a lot better over the years for sure.
 It was a good system and it had a good run though.
 It was good talking to you!
 You too! 
 Beetlejuice was the best! Now there is another being made but it is a musical version....
 Well it is in the theater on stage, so that would be interesting. 
 Right? I think it would be interesting to see. They did a broadway show of School of Rock...but that would be a lot easier on stage.
 I actually have never been to a broadway show, would like to though, I heard they made a Broadway musical about Rocky....it flopped after 6 months. What show did you see?
 Wow! that is as much as some films. But for all the special effects in Beetlejuice I can see why.
 Oh that is a bummer, that would have been awesome! I really think this Beetlejuice will be worth it though, it has been in the making for 8 years. I would go in a heartbeat! 
 Hugh LAURIE?? Wow, never would have thought that! But I did love the tv show House, pretty good Drama.
 I love House, definitely!  You know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a tv  drama show? He makes 700,000 bucks per episode! That is a lot! I also like the genre of comedy movies called Bromantic films lol
 Thats a lot of money!!! and Bromantic films are the best I guess you like Hangover and all its sequels,
 Exactly! One of my favorite comsedy bomantic movies is called ...I Love You Man...so such good entertainment! I heard that Jim Carrey won't make Drama films any longer...too bad he was pretty great in serious films.
 True! He is great at comedy. Did you know many years ago people bred chickens for entertainment....I guess they didn't have Nintendo back in 50 bc lol
 Yes, it is. I like the Xbox better than Nintendo but loved it years ago. Actually Nintendo was discontinued in Japan. 
 That was a great system too! So many choices these days for entertainment it can be overwhelming. They even still show silent movies sometimes, what comedy! 
 I agree! I heard that Bill Nye....Science Guy.....got a break into entertainment by winning a contest! Haha...lucky!
 A look a like contest.... Steve Martin look a like . Now that is comedy! I think comedy and humor make the world a better place! Can you imagine if there wasn't any humor in the world?
 Very true, but then we need Drama and sadness too, so we can appreciate the art of comedy and humor. I just love all types of entertainment! 
 Well, just happy to have the entertainment we have for sure! It was nice chatting!! I gotta watch a comedy or drama movie now! Hahha! have a great night!
 At least he pursued something he loved, comedy. nice chatting with you
 LOL! Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 I sure do and I love bromantic ones like the Hangover
 I keep digging out comedy movies from my times as a kid that I think they might enjoy, we did The Goonies this weekend.
 I love the Goonies! I haven't seen it in forever. While it was very funny it's also a great adventure.
 I'm sure when he entered that is was for a bit of fun, now his life is completely different.
 I'll have to ask friends who I look like and find a look-a-like contest, could be my way to fame and fortune, or a life in entertainment.
 I guess if it still selling you keep making it.  I've never really been much of a gamer, I would be happy with any one of those game consoles.  My son, however, is married to his Xbox.
 I don't know, my daughter got given this cheap Tetris game over Christmas, she still carries it everywhere she goes.
 Have fun. Bye!
 yeah. nice chat
 I enjoy watching the batting and fielding.
 I heard it was soccer-baseball.    Kind of crazy, since soccer, baseball, American and Canadian football are played there!
 Maybe he could buy a radio to listen to the storms from Jupiter!
 Radio is really fascinating, even a topic as dry as the weekly news in classical latin.
 Thanks for the chat!   I think I'm going to go listen to some classic radio dramas on a website!
 same here. have a good one.
 Yes. Do you know much about paul rudd?
 Yup. Despite being unimpressive as a player he is quite a popular entertainment figure.
 I haven't seen many of his other movies but I am interested in this one. I do enjoy history.
 Interesting enough, the baseball player played by paul rudd also had a law degree.
 Oh yeah? I never collected baseball cards when I had the chance. Do you have any?
 Wow that's crazy. What are some of your prized cards?
 That is pretty old! I remember my friend having some old wax packs with the gum that disintegrated and I thought those where old. Weren't there baseball cards from the 1800s too?
 Yeah that is how it goes sometimes. You happen to have any moe berg cards? He seems like quite the character.
 Yeah I herd he also worked as a spy for the US government during wwII
 It's possible, he understood several languages and would spend his free time at museums.
 If it were me and I were going to make $800,000 a year like Allen Iverson though I would definitely do that LOL
 Tim Duncan went to my Alma Mater Wake Forest!  Graduated too!  I love him to death!  
 I agree with you! He earned it though because he's the only person who could play that role! he's really funny just like how Jim Carrey used to be LOL
 Cocktail is probably my favorite TC movie, but not because of him - because of Bryan Brown who played his bartender mentor Doug Coughlin and his classic quotes!
 Man, I love Seinfeld - probably my favorite show of all time!  I love watching reruns and they are everywhere - probably why he's so rich!!!
 South Park isn't bad, but I must say, I'm more a Simpsons fan. Did you know there is only one Simpsons episode where Bart neither appears, nor is mentioned? 
 I like the NBA.  Did you know the league adopted the National Basketball Association name in 1949 after merging with the competing National Basketball League?
 I do like to watch dramas!
 He was the main character in Mad Men.  I loved that show.  I guess he taught drama at his old high school.
 I never have listened to them but I see that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.  I'm going to have to look it up.
 I love Jim Carrey.  What has he been up to?
 Haha you're right!  He was chasing all the prettiest girls from his high school because they were in drama class so he decided to try it.
 I love it! especially the NBA. How about you?
 That's correct! The other two were Andrew Bogut and Kyrie Irving!
 Nice! That would be awesome, and yeah i bet they are!  Nice talking with you I hope you have a good night. 
 Hey there, happy New Year. 
 I am, I really enjoy Popovich as a coach, he brings a real energy to the game
 At least they'll still have Popovich. He's been there for over 20 years, which is pretty rare in professional sports. 
 Then you can coach players like Lebron and Kyrie Irving, both former members of the Cleveland Cavs, and then win a championship and make a ton of money that way.
 He is. He got into acting in an interesting way. He joined the drama class in school because all of the prettiest girls were in there ha ha. 
 He does. That's such a worthy cause. 
 Steph curry from the golden state warriors basketball team plays part in a foundation that donates mosquito nets to protect families in africa. for each 3 pointer he makes 3 nets get donated.
 He is one of my favorite actors of all time?
 I agree I think he's really awesome! And apparently he does a lot of charity work too which is very nice of him
 I agree with you. He is true awesome. What is your favorite Tom Cruise movie?
 Yes in fact I do, it was the movie Endless Love.
 Yep you're right. I also like the movie risky business, came out in 1983 and has that classic scene of Tom Cruise in his underwear haha
 I think it was the movie born on the 4th of July? Wasn't that made in 1989? I know that you said you like the movie Rain Man and that did win best picture
 You're correct for both of the movies that you just mentioned. Earlier you mentioned that he does a lot of charity work. Do you happen to know which specific charity is he involved in?
 i am also shockked
 I wish we had the google self driving cars with aggressive mode back in the day because that would have made spring break road trips a lot more fun!
 Imagine having that in America! I am grateful for the pump arrow in the car because I always forget which side the gas cap is on.
 Check it out! It is a lifesaver! It is something they didn't have to worry about pre 20th century when cars weren't accessible to the masses.
 I love going to baseball games and using the trunk as a cooler and food station. Baseball is a game where two teams either bat or field. It's fun to play and watch.
 I enjoy kickball, but I prefer baseball. They go through 160,000 balls in a season.
 My favorite team is the Cubs because they were the first to win back to back world series.
 I love it! And I love vacations!  What about you?
 My favorite sports to watch in summer are soccer and tennis.  I love it when the World Cup takes place in June and July.  But it is also nice to sit outside at a baseball game for the experience and ambiance.
 I love watching the stars!  And I also did catch some of the eclipse, how about you?  Did you get to see the eclipse?
 hey hows it going?
 Hi,
 did you know the first mcdonalds drive thorugh was in 1975? doesn't seem like that long ago even though that was before I was born haha
 ha I didn't know that, also that the brand cadillac was named after the founder of detroit, I never knew that
 If you are in South-Africa, you can put flame-throwers on the car
 ha I wish I had a flamethrower on my car, I'm in Michigan and it's cold here
 I played gran turismo as a kid, never really liked it its too much like a simulation, it's not as much fun as other videogames, Jann is probably the best at it though
 Must be.  Venus doesn't tilt so it doesn't have seasons
 ya I didn't know that, this says astronomers detected the building blocks of life 455 light years away, I wonder how they can tell that
 ya that does sound big, I don't watch baseball do you? this has a bunch of baseball facts
 no thats wild, also that kickball is called soccer-baseball in canada, they need to use a different name haha
 Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as america's national pastime
 ya that's screwy, theyd be shocked that up until 2005 a married couple scheduled all major league baseball games themselves
 ha great questino I have no idea, this does say baseball managers wear uniforms though just in case they have to jump in to play, which I didn't know they could do that
 Whoa...aliens are out there for sure! Jupiters moon is called Ganymede. Sounds like a drink from Lord of The Rings.
 Take it easy!
 yeah stevie is the man! and the drink specials at 2 birds 1 stone
 def during vinyl. disco was some sweet music to dance to! I play disco for my baby and they just start dancing when it comes on. idk if it is because they have seen me dance to music but they always smile when they get it with the beat.
 He attended a performing arts school with Jada Pinkett. He was a soulful dude. I love his poem 4 Jada that was in the rose that grew from concrete. I wonder how many shoes he wore out while practicing, I hear it's an average of 4 sets of pointes a week.
 That was so long ago in 1992. Around the same time Pac was getting big. Rap is a different game and sound now. An inferior one over all i think. It's complicated though. NWA has really rough language and I still love their album Straight Outta Compton because of it's influence. First to reach platinum even though the man tried to keep them down.
 The governments reaction to that was so whack. I love to read about eazy e on the web. It's so broad and diverse. There are a lot of different theories about how he died.
 Yes. He died of AIDS related complications, but there's a conspiracy that he was either infected with AIDS maliciously, didn't have AIDS at all, and was poisoned, etc. It's interesting. 
 That's hilarious. Even funnier: some dude pretended to work for the French government and sold the Eiffel tower to - get this - two different buyers.
 If I thought I could buy a landmark and was really that gullible, I probably deserve to be swindled lmao.
 humans are a fickle creature, we make silly rules and laws for every little thing, even when those things are not hurting anyone, like gay marriage, if two people want to be together and they are the same gender...who cares? It's not hurting anyone, yet a big stink is still made, but we seem to be getting better in some aspects. 
 EXACTLY. I feel the same way
 Well it was real nice chatting with you, have a wonderful night!
 Oh that is cool. So sad he died. Ethiopia even has a celebrity chef that believes he can combat his countries hunger problem. I hope so!
 I think that's neat that they lay on the ocean floor.
 Phones have come so far. I used to have a rotary phone.
 Haha, except I eat a ton of buttery popcorn!
 She deserves every  penny of it! I'd like to believe that I'm one person away from Carol Burnett, since I've met many people from Sesame Street, and she was the first celeb on the show. Now, of course, those people are famous in their own right.
 If I watch Toy Story enough, maybe I could qualify like the celebrities do to go in their secret room!
 They might be interested in the waterphone! It's used to make eerie metallic noises in scary movies.
 I would love the US to get the college situation figured out like Europe has!  This has been a pleasure!
 How long has the technology of driverless cars been around less than 10 years there is still a very long way to go
 Do you know what the brand Cadillac is named after?
 Do you know which year mcdonalds added the first drive thru to make it easier for soldiers trying to get theirs meals quickly?
 Did you ever have the chance to play that game back in the day?
 Those were fun. I wonder what those games would be like with dangerous autonomous vehicles roaming the streets. Imagine having to dodge dangerous Ubers roaming the streets hunting for pedestrians.
 Hah! I just read about a man who disguised himself as a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice.
 I guess people in france definitely are the true masterminds movies try to portray.
 Possibly. Go for the baguettes and coffee, buy the Eiffel Tower. I feel like the US Govt could sell of some land in Nevada. They own like 86% of it.
 Well that's nice. I can't walk everywhere unfortunately, but I'm just glad McDonald's created the drive-thru back in 1975 to accommodate my laziness haha
 Hahaha, that can't be real can it? 
 You could play it on the PlayStation, PlayStation 2, Playstation 3, and even the PlayStation 4 LOL apparently someone beat 90,000 people at that game and then became a professional race car driver which is awesome
 Wow, I did not know that either, it must be a crazy thing
 Go, it seems to be a naive idea
 Well, I do not quite. It was a pleasure to talk with you
 I am! I love horror films and you?
 Hmmm, I don't know either lol.....So do you have any favorite celebrities?
 True, I want a youtube channel lol....So do you you love the new phones or not a fan?
 I agree! I didn't even own a cell phone until 2010....because my daughters bought it for me lol
 True, strange how that works! It has been great chatting!!! 
 Yes, it's been great!
 I just like the mental image of sparky anderson trying to round first base and trying to leg out a double.
 Pete rose would have bet on the outcome and then entered the game. 
 Did you know canada calls kickball soccer-baseball? Too cute!
 I hope it has more to do with meat, like canadian bacon! 
 I do. But I always have shame and regret after...
 Me too. That seems really young. I do recoginize them for trying to help those that serve.
 yeah that would be so cool!
 Talk about well done! Nice chatting with you!
 Hey!  Do you like baseball?  I love it and cannot wait for the season to start in a few weeks!  
 I have a ton at my parents house.  I keep meaning to go through them.  I heard some guy found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandpa's attic.  That would be nice!
 I bet they did!  It was great chatting with you today too, have a great day!
 Same here and have a good one
 Hello,  do you listen to the radio?  
 That'd be awesome! I'd fit right in if only I lived in South Africa though haha.
 I think so, I know. I love to see babies faces smile when they hear a beat!
 ha, ha, ha, omg I don't know. They can be so weird looking! Can't imagine beating 90,000 people in video game. Nice chat!
 Hello, how are you today?
 Hi! I am great! So do you like ballet at all?
 I do like many types of dance, but not a huge fan...I  heard that Jerome Robbins ballet show was really good.
 Yes, it was in New York. I have never been, but I would go see a broadway show if I did visit. I bet it is huge! Jerome Robbins finds his idea's on the streets in Manhattan, very creative!
 I am not sure on that one, but I have seen the movie! I like musicals it is so entertaining with all the singing and dancing. 
 I love those comedy's! Really all comedy. I loved The Hangover movies!
 Yes, I loved that one too. Hard to believe it won a Golden Globe over Seinfeld and Friends along with Frasier though, Seinfeld was hilarious!
 Yea for sure, Well its been good talking to you, take care!
 Thanks so much! I need to watch a comedy movie now lol, have a great day!
 bye
 Yes, as long as they belong to other people.  Dogs can do so much to help people out.
 Goodnight.  And read a couple of good poems before you go to bed!
 I would imagine you sometimes get atmospheric skip or interference from space, but without heavy modification I dont think you'd pick them up. Radio is such a simple yet precise technology. Hard to believe WW2 soldiers built their own foxhole radios out of razorblades and pencils!
 I used to be more of a cat person. My ex made me get a dog. Now I am on equal grounds. Did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing? No wonder I can't get my cat to find her treats that I hid.
 I think cats can understand, they just choose to not obey. I like the vending machines that Istanbul has. It dispenses food and water for the stray dogs in exchange for recycling a plastic bottle. I would be at that machine all day.
 Thank you for chatting with me this morning, I've got to get ready for work. Have a wonderful day.
 well the poem is designed that way. it's inspiring when read backwards but depressing in the regular direction
 Very cool. In Instanbull they have vending machines for dogs. 
 Well, if Canada colonizes Jupiter then we will definitely be able to hear the storms
 hahahahaha yes. Nice chatting with you.
 Maybe extremely an extremely scary version of This Is Us. HAHA... Its ten episodes.
 How funny is this... Stephen King said the scariest movie he ever saw was Bambi!!
 Funny! I guess we just can't eat too much buttery popcorn while watching.
 Hello. Are you into traveling?
 Well, if you happen to be in the Nederlands, check out their commuter bus that can travel at 160 mph! 
 Hey, wouldn't it be funny if they had trolley cars that went 160 mph?  Now tha would be a quick commute!  Contrast that with Mackinac island, where motorized vehicles are banned.  Pace of living a little slower there...
 King Kalakaua. I think he used a tricycle. I could be wrong. I wonder if he traveled through Iceland?
 Dodge sells a nice dog sled. You know, the Norwegians donated $1 billion to help save the rain forest.  Maybe they should have considered diverting some to the "Pave the Iceland" campaign.
 I wish our government had done that rather than choose to own 86% of Nevada. That's our savvy government at work!
 Yeah, but how is it that Wikileaks knows what the goverment is up to, when government employees don't even know?
 I think the only part of the government that works well is the Judiciary, and they play hard too!  They have a basketball court on top of the supreme court building that they call "the highest court in the Land"
 Sure!  I would love to see Ruth Bader Ginsberg take one to the rim over top of the "Tall Blacks" from New Zealand. Headlines would read, "The black robes crush the Tall Blacks "
 Haha... I gues he never had a Kareem Abdul Jabbar on his team to dominate opponents with his outlawed dunking skills! 
 Our states most valued employee: a person who watches other people play with their balls for a living. That is why governments are so good with the money we give them.  Nice chatting with you!
 In 2008, the government of Norway donated a BILLION dollars to help save the Amazon Rainforest.  Way cool of them.
 The Dutch are building a bus that travels at 160 mph. Why would anyone want to go that fast on a bus. The Norwegians are very concerned about the earth.
 Thankfully, she has support - her 82 year old mother and 5 siblings (4 brothers & a sister) as well as a very supportive community.
 That's really a good thing for her.
 Yep, that's insane for sure.  I wonder if its easy to adopt in New Zealand.  They have a basketball team named the "Tall Blacks"
 Right LOL, looks like he messed that up.  I didn't know the dunk was banned from college b-ball for awhile.  Must have been boring to watch!
 And who would buy it? Who would think they could own the Eiffel Tower lol
 LOL I know right! I just like knowing that there is good in the world, like how Norway gave 1 billion dollars to help save the rain forest
 That is super cool!  Wish our government would do more good stuff like that.  
 Yes, I prefer planes too. Traveling by train seems like a good idea but then it ends up taking so long to get where you are going.
 I am ready! I don't really have a favorite team, but I enjoy the craziness of march madness, hard to believe it's almost here.
 Hope they do well this year. I just remembered I need to take care of something. it was interesting chatting with you. Have a great night.
 Same here
 I do!  I watched a lot of it!  lol
 I used to watch Thomas the Tank with my kids when they were little.  Do you know who narrated Thomas?
 That's a good show!  Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes each....wasn't sure if you knew that.
 Did you know that there is only 1 episode where Bart neither appears or is mentioned?
 Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?  It's become a mega cultural hit.
 LOL  Did you know that 3rd Rock from the Sun beat out Friends, Seinfeld, and Frasier to win the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997?
 I agree.  I have to get going.  Thanks for chatting!
 That seems to be true of a lot of islands. I have a friend from Hawaii who says there aren't any snakes there, and the same is supposed to be true of Ireland.
 That sounds pretty scary. The ones I've seen aren't quite that mobile, LOL. I found a snake skin under my bathroom sink, so apparantly one found its way in there during molting season.
 Parallel evolution, I guess. I have a lot of lizards here too -- skinks all over the place in hot weather. I find them sometimes where my cats have killed them.
 I just saw an article where some biologist was planning to genetically reengineer birds into dinosaurs by reactivating the junk DNA a bit at a time.
 I think the scientist was the same guy who originally worked as a consultant for Jurassic Park, LOL.
 I loved that episode. I remember he came back and everything seemed the same again, until Marge said "what are donuts" and he screamed in horror.
 That's right!  LOL.  Never got as much into South Park or Family Guy, but I know the Simpson's people sent flowers to them after a finale was aired.  That was cool.
 Yeah, I didn't care as much for South Park or Family Guy either. But I loved The Simpsons. I think I stopped watching them around 2002 when it seemed like they jumped the shark.
 They all will give you 52 episodes of enjoyment!  If you get finished with that, Pokemon has like 750 episodes to keep you occupied for pretty much ever!
 I guess it didn't translate very well to their culture. Nice chatting with you!
 Yep Alec Baldwin ,George Carlin, and Ringo Starr. I like George Carlin the best though. I wonder if he was never able to put any dirty jokes on that show lol
 Yeah that is a little strange. Nice chatting with you :)
 I heard of that and have tried to remember which episode and can't. One of the best scenes is when Fladers makes Bart the hot cocoa.
 Flanders wants Bart to come inside ad makes this hot cocoa with all the extras...even a toasted marshmallow. I want one! I love that 70's Show. My Dad loved it, too.
 Hahah true, interesting to see. Nice chat :)
 I  like Poetry, I like to go to the library and learn about poetry.
 Right! I kind of want to move to Norway and publish a book. That way, I'll at least sell 1000 copies to the government, and those will be given to libraries.
 hi. i do like basketball but i live in new york. i am a knicks fan.
 Who is your favorites player on the Knicks? 
 I really like Tim Duncan! Can you believe he stayed in school to finish and held off on the NBA? 
 No, and that's pretty incredible. He had enough money to not even care.
 Yeah it must be great! I bet allen iverson is making a lot money off of rebok
 yes for his whole life. thats crazy.
 I actually had to look that up to see what that meant. I wouldn't shoot that way either you look ridiculous.
 yea he was the worst at that and he knew it. they had a video game commercial about how bad he was at free throws.
 hahah thats great! I do like that the heat wear MSD on their jerseys to honor the school shooting victims 
 yes. if you've lived in one area for that long or played for the team long enough its always good to give back to that community.
 dwayne wade seems like a very nice guy.
 yes. it was a nice thing to say
 I like to watch when I can. I like basketball themed movies too, like Space Jam.
 That's cool, great team! I like a few team on the NBA  but don't get to watch often.
 Right? Air jordans were banned by the NBA but Jordan wore them anyway lol
 Exactly haha...I was reading about the universe, did you know the sun is actually white? it only appears yellow to us because of the atmosphere...very interesting.
 Oh wow, that hasn't happened since 1846...awesome!
 I know! I cannot imagine how scary that was. I have had lightening hit close to me and my hair actually stood on end! No joke my friend told me....from the electricity.
 ya apparently they were banned initially, but Nike just kept paying the fine so Michael could keep wearing them
 I see, I guess Nike has the financial power to do that and more, I used to own a pair, they were really comfortable.
 That's a good chunk of change.  I've seen him in a few things since but not that regularly.  Probably sitting at home counting his dollars.
 Yes,  I did.  Do you like Disney?  I love Disney,  but I never knew Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva.
 They are fun to see people make their breaks.
 Yes I did see that one. It's actually pretty funny, you should check it out if you haven't seen it. It involves manatees that pick the jokes out of a giant aquarium LOL
 Haha yes it is. In that episode South Park really roasts Family Guy. They're spot-on with their humor and yeah, The Simpsons producers sent South Park the flowers after that episode aired
 Yes!  He went shirtless for days after winning.   Even President Obama told J.R. to "put on a shirt". 
 I think that J.R. Smith and Nick Young are friends.  In 2018, Nick Young was playing on the Warriors when they won the Championship.  He was so influenced by Smith that he walked around shirtless after winning.
 I didnt really follow JR this season but yeah I bet he wanted to be at the celebration, it must have been crazy and thats only what we saw on tv lol
 I think the way he plays is similar to how he behaves off the court.  I still can't believe the moment where he grabbed a rebound in a playoff game, held onto the ball, and didn't pass.  Lebron was livid.
 That's awesome and nice of him to do. Him and his wife slept in an enclave with wolves
 Can you imagine Obama in a rap album lets say with Snoop Dogg
 That would be a funny listen, he should do it! His rap name should be renegade because that was his secret service codename.
 I wonder as well. Maybe we can find a television show that can shed more light on the subject. Speaking of television shows, are you a fan of The Simpson's? I think it's cool that the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode! That was nice of them!
 Hey there, did you know that the top riches presidents prior to Trump was Washington, Jefferson and jfk?
 That is interesting to hedar. Why is that?
 possibly, i have no clue either
 yeah it would be an interesting read
 haha are you sure or is it just a black speck
 ahh ok lol
 Really, he couldnt pick a more fitting name? lol
 Like Obamarama lol
 Why do they remove the coconuts?
 I didnt even know India had coconut trees lol
 Maybe the Indians were afraid of him vetoing a bill concerning them so thats why they removed the coconuts
 Good Morning
 Yeah I didnt think so, cool fact but when Obama visited India all of the coconuts trees were removed for safety reasons.
 Maybe things got lost in translation? It's still funny. So is knowing trump isn't one of the top three wealthiest presients.
 Washington, Jefferson, and JFK. Which probably drives him crazy, lol.
 That is a lot of jobs. I always laugh when he gets a new job. Funny
 I did see that! Nice chatting with you!
 Hey, I do like baseball, but don't really follow it. 
 Exactly! I like to listen to Baseball on the radio in my car, do you still listen to the radio?
 I have not, but would love to. I hear it plays on an A.M station....pretty creepy! 
 Exactly! I like to go on the interenet and listen to the free classic radio drama's for free, pretty cool.
 yeah and I am not surprised, he is so good. nice chat
 I agree, it would be easy in terms of logistics as well, I like MLB better than the NHL so I bet it will be a success
 I like kickball a lot even as a grown-up.  In Canada kickball is called soccer-baseball.  Sort of makes sense.
 I do!  A Hanson song became a most requested track on a Chicago alt-rock readio station because djs did not reveal the name of the band.  That's funny!
 I'm going to have to try to find that on AM radio.  I bet those storms sound neat.
 lol  I like that idea.  Probably worked better back before the internet for artists to get heard who otherwise wouldn't get a chance.
 I have.  I always wanted to listen to one but I don't know where to find them.
 Awesome!  I'm going to have to look it up.  Thanks!  Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show.
 Mortal Kombat 2 was the first game to surpass hollywood box office sales!  It's been fun chatting!
 My pleassure, and another cool fact about fish, is that the zebrafish has 84-% of the genes that counter all disease known by men, 
 I know right, medicine can have a big breakthrough if we studied zebrafish closer, we could creat vaccines for just about every disease
 Yes, he did not recognize talents - he must have been a bad coach.  
 That would be nice. I just read yesterday that they had the second case of curing or causing remission in an HIV patient. That seems promising!
 I hope so! I would take anything... Even the black swallower fish.
 HA! Maybe sprinle some pepper in there too!
 Were you any good? Did you like it?
 Ha! Nice chatting with you! I enjoyed it.
 I am following them, but they are terrible. I am a  LA Dodger fan too
 No.  Just football basketball and baseball
 That was probably the best dollar they ever spent!
 Im going to watch The Simpsons now so take care of yourself bye
 Wow! Good decision on his part. Michael Jordan wore them when they were banned anyway and Nike paid his fines ha ha. 
 That's cool! I would love to see the variation of the game where three teams play each other!
 Not too much, but have been wanting to learn about the earth.
 I wonder if extraterrestrials listen to radio storms from Jupiter?
 Maybe not Canada though, where all radios must play 40% Canadian music.
 I wonder if one could build a guitar with crude tools like that.
 It might not be able to set speakers on fire like Eddie Van Halen once did.
 I wonder if smashing a guitar like Matthew Bellamy would sink such a location!
 I guess it might help.    Certainly more than classical latin, which is only useful if listening to a Finnish weekly news show!
 No I didn't know that either, I think it's funny though that Southpark was making fun of Family Guy and afterwards The Simpsons sent the South Park creators flowers because their criticisms were so spot-on
 I think so. I believe he's very close to it, as they will be making decisions about the 2019 draft in the next few months. 
 It seems he and his coach have a very good relationship and respect for each other. 
 I know! It's termed 'the highest court in the land', so I guess some of the Supreme court judges have a bit of a sense of humor. But, I'd have a hard time picturing them in teams, sweating and dribbling the ball! Ha
 Thanks, you too. Enjoy!
 They  really do...I always found in wonderful to just travel the miles I had to do everyday just entrenched with that sports talk on the radio...hated the same commercials over and over though.
 Oh yeah....War Of The Worlds was awesome on the radio. I'd recorded it many years ago, and would play parts of it when I DJ'd in the clubs at Halloween. Really got people goin'
 Its Chris Inglis and from what I heard he is a very well respected intelligence professional.
 I have no idea but if I had to guess it will be that he liked bananas a lot. Ha Ha!!!
 I think so, "You need to get out of Ukraine" is what Putin said  when he shook the Canadian prime ministers hand at the Brisbane g20 summit! 
 I hope you have a nice night. Great chatting with you as well!!!
 ok, Have a nice night!!
 Good Night!!!
 I'm sorry. Great chatting with you bye!!
 No I haven't seen this particular movie. Have you had the chance to see it?
 I love hockey, Do you like Philipp Grubauer?
 Yes, he has been the best goaltender since last November. He has a .937 save percentage and a 1.93 goals against average with 3 shutouts/
 That I am not sure of but wow, you would have to watch that to see how fast those players were moving! 
 Very interesting! I didn't know that. Do you like soccer at all?  They run 7 miles on average per game. Wow!
 They have great cardio to run for that long, I could never play soccer lol, maybe years ago...
 What I watched on TV it said that soccer is played in over 200 countries by 250 million players!
 Yeah that really is popular!  Nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 I don't know yet. I might try to learn on YouTube but eventually I will probably take lessons, I already play the piano but the guitars definitely very different LOL
 Thank you you too, and yes I'm going to look up how to play Queen songs, I think Brian May is a great guitar player
 Thanks you too! And yes I won't be starting by using a coin as a pic LOL
 Yes.  He came to Canada when he was 15 and played in youth leagues.  Then he spent eight years in the minors before finally making the NHL..  That's a long time.
 That is a long time. I read that someone said he is quiet in the net. Does that mean he doesn't talk much or doesn't move much, or do you know?
 Bobby Hull used to aim his hardest slap shot at the goaltender's head early in games.  So the goalie would flinch at shots later in the game.  NFL players think hockey players are crazy.
 Yeah, he donated his bonus from winning the World Cup back in 2014 so that 23 children could have surgery.
 I guess people go crazy about Basketball lol
 Yeah exactly lol. I love that the YMCA invented volleyball and basketball!
 I love google! I also like watching the NBA too! I don't like the NBA for fining Stan Van Gundy for saying games shouldn't be played on Christmas though. But I really hope you have a good day it was nice talking with you.
 They sure do! They are said to smile more when they hit the beat. 
 Interesting! Thanks for chatting, I learned a lot!
 Good night. 
 Bye!
 I didnt hear about that, well if parrots do I guess its not suprising babies do too,,
 I agree. It was really good chatting with you.
 I wish I had heard while it was going on as I would have happily unfriended 10 people for a free Whopper. That is an easy deal to me! Ha!
 Car is automobile motor vehicle used in now days make our travel more convenient.
 US only rapidly adopted the cars in the world. The largest people have own cars are in US only.
 In 1886 modern cars are manufactured by German inventor Karl benz.
 Sure ! German invented all the luxury cars. In 1908 Model T, car manufactured by the Ford motors company.
 Youtube is the biggest social media and video sharing website.
 I can't understand it. Please say it properly.
 On Youtube, Justin Bieber's song "baby" is the most disliked video. I think that is so funny. He used to be such a Youtube sensation.
 Youtube provide stage to expose their talent via short films and useful share website.
 Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 They are creating peak internet traffic in all over the world. It is uploaded by individuals video for education purpose.
 Gangnam styl got so many view on youtube that they upgrade the count integer to 64 bits.
 Sure it is used earn many people uploaded for the video for education, medicine to earn the money.
 that is interesting, another interesting fact, jeff bezos and george strait are cousins
 I agree, you listen to the radio much?
 lol, I like the oldies hit when I listen to the radio to work, otherwise don't hear much, I didn't know jupiter puts off radio signals that can be heard by am radio
 I used to love listening to music in my truck -- lot of deadhead stuff, grunge and reggae -- before my speakers went out.
 Nothing better than jamming on a car radio full blast 
 Yeah, makes long drives a lot more pleasant. 
 I used to listen to it a lot -- loved Iron Mountain String Band, the Dillards &c -- but not lately. You?
 Same -- it was an interesting convo. Take care!
 Yes, I feel the same way. Its interesting Iceland is rewriting their facebook constitution allowing suggestions and alterations.
 Yes, they say its suggested for many military organizations and the US marine corps. I'll have to find it and watch then.
 Yes, it is. The more knowledgeable the better! Have a great day!
 Haha, well I would if I were really hungry LOL apparently it also would message the person that you only value to them to be worth 1/10 of a Whopper LOL
 Oh really? yeah I would sell them, I guess some guy found millions of dollars worth in his attic, they were originally his grandfather's, I could see keeping a couple but I could also see taking one million dollars and putting it in my bank account haha
 Sometimes
 Wow, I can believe it. Do you know anything about Hillary Duff? I can believe it.
 yes, alot of celebrities like Hillary Duff and Kristen Bell have actually turned the cameras on the photograpers.
 Haha, so am I. Anyways, nice chatting with you!
 Nice chatting with you too. Enjoyed discussing cars with you.
 Yeah, I enjoyed it too!
 Do you know Pixar Animation Studios, commonly referred to as Pixar, is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville, California, that is a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, owned by the Walt Disney Company.
 Emeryville is a small city located in northwest Alameda County, California, in the United States.
 Yes of course, It lies in a corridor between the cities of Berkeley and Oakland, extending to the shore of San Francisco Bay.
 Do you know Robin Williams?
 I'm a big fan of his!
 Yes, he was an American actor and comedian. 
 I remember him in Aladdin playing the Genie. That was one of my favorite roles of his.
 Yes, I also like that role. 
 It's amazing how some celebrity actors can make roles so personal even if they're animated like that.
 Okay, do you like to drive cars?
 I like driving a lot.
 I think I'd like driving more if I could put flamethrowers on my car like they can in South Africa!
 Driving is a favorite activity for many people. But it needs to done safely.
 I have a Ferrari. I love it very much. 
 Ferrari is a great brand. Lamborghini is my favorite.
 Oh, that's also very nice. Thank you very much.
 Hi, I heard it came from old cars , I think because they had trunks made of wood before
 YEs, about card, did you know in South Africa is ok to install flame-throwers in your car?
 That is wild. I bet nobody messes with them!
 Yea, that was since 1975 and we have benefited from that
 I think the year 1886 is very important, Karl Benz patented then the Benz Patent Motorwagen!
 Talking about something that I would like to see is a soccer match, but player be 3 teams instead of 2
 Are you a soccer fan?  I love soccer
 I was originally called association football! Well It was a pleasure talking to you!
 Yes so cool, helped so many of them. Nice chat
 Movies are biggest stress relief for most of the people.
 Yes,  There have been a number of great films over the years dealing with the affects of stress. 
 A car is motor vehicle used for transportation now days.
 Do you like driving?
 Yes i love driving. What about you ?
 Me also like driving. But it should be safe.
 Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america. 
 Yes, Do you know The Los Angeles Times explains that "as the first video uploaded to YouTube, it played a pivotal role in fundamentally altering?
 Thanks giving this information.  Police actually have their own youtube called blutube, where they share law enforcement videos.
 Yes, I know a little bit, but i do not know fully about it.
 Its ok. Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 Yes, i think YouTube's user-friendliness, combined with the soaring popularity of video content, has made it the second largest search engine behind Google. 
 Yes, Some time its useful to share CB
 Okay, YouTube is not simply a website. Is it right?
 yes, It is application widely used by most of the people to share their ideas.
 It's true. We know all the things in the world where we were.
 yes. American car manufctured by the Ford Motor Company.
 Okay, Which car you mostly like?
 Oh, that's nice. I like too. 
 Robin williams in aladdin was the first actor to start performing voices in animated films.
 Aladdin was a landmark in selling an animated movie on its famous voices, but it was far from the first to have famous voices.
 Carol burnett was the first celebrity to appear on the children's series.
 Yes, The Carol Burnett Show, originally aired on CBS. It was the first of its kind to be hosted by a woman.
 Thanks for giving this information all the best.
 Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
 The Rock is one awesome guy!
 No, but I like cooking shows.
 That's a good example to set. There's a lot of cooking programs on Youtube.
 It is amazing. 
 Oh jeez, that sounds funny! I'll have to look into it. I do like Celebrities so it sounds like a good match.
 Yep, that is exactly it. I wonder if the engines were in the back. The Mcdonalds drive thru has only been around just over 40 years! It's been there as long as I can remember.
 I just had a hot fudge sundae the other day. Yum. I'm glad that in 1886 Karl Benz patented the Benz Patent-Motorwagen. I love being able to go places.
 I know I sure am. Have a good night!
 My son likes the Gangnam song so much that it's usually one of the first suggestions that comes up when I put YouTube on! lol
 Lol, sure, blame the son. Haha, kidding. And Justin Bieber's Baby is the most disliked video on YouTube. I've never danced along to that (not lying).
 I just turned Gangnam style on in the background. Doing some serious typing to the beat. Well I get that about driving and listening to YouTube. You know, I really think YouTube's sound quality is better than the rest. I get headaches when listening to Pandora or Spotify too much. I haven't tried their premium services though. YouTube is just awesome. It's the second largest search engine on the net.
 Interesting! Well I am glad to be able to drive a car myself, I guess we have the 1908 Model T to thank for making it more accessible.
 Yeah, I agree! I have a Dodge and it's super solid. I feel really safe in it. I like some Cadillac designs. Cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac. He founded Detroit.
 Hmm, not sure. I wonder if Cadillac made cars back when cars had wooden trunks on the back.
 Okay, have fun!
 Yes, the arrow tells the driver which side of the car the gas tank is on. 
 Yeah, good chatting with you too!
 You Too!
 I know right. That would be miserable. Plus how would you grow food or anything. It really makes you think.
 I have never seen one. Idont know if I believe in them or not, honestly. I mean the Universe is all of space and time and their contents combined, so its pretty big. It would be hard to believe that there is no other intelligent life out there anywhere.
 I didnt know they did. Lol. Its funny how we went from ave men to where we are now in the world. We have radio and tv and computeers and internet. I think we may be the most intelligent out there in the universe.
 Thats true. Did you know that early models of the Universe had the earth in the center. That has definitely been proven wrong.
 Im not sure if I believe that one.
 Is that the same as survival of the fittest. I believe that one. 
 Wow thats interesting. I heard there is a cold spot in the cosmic microwave that has been theorized to be a link to a parrellel universe.
 the universe is full of mystery. nice chatting with you.
 I am not sure but good for them. nice chat
 Quilting and movies! What about yourself?
 Nope with some sort of radio device.
 That would be a good morale booster to listen to the radio during the war.
 That's a very fitting name!
 That would be awesome - haha.
 It was good talking to you!
 Hello, do you listen to the radio?
 Earth will be helium free by the end of the 21st century.
 good morning to you
 I love fun facts like that! I recently read that Bill Nye the Science Guy's first claim to fame was winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest
 I also heard somewhere that Ronald Reagan was once rejected from a movie role because he didn't have enough of a "presidential look"
 Interesting! Are you a car person? 
 Haha no kidding! Anyways it's been nice talking to you.
 Hello. I like playing golf occasionally, I seldom watch it. How about you?
 Great talking to you!
 People would just abuse that ability lol. Could you imagine NASCAR if they had flamethrowers? Now that would be insane entertainment.
 Nascar with flame throwing cars would be awesome but I think it might be legal to have flame throwing cars at destruction derby
 Yes, I do, I like being outdoors, and I like that each course is different. 
 I also loved playing Mario Golf as a kid back in the day
 Yeah, playing golf in videos games could solve the water consumption issues of golf. 
 watching it is a snooze, i prefer to play it. you?
 I liked racing games, but Mega Man was a really good game. I always started with metal man. 
 gotta get that Metal Blade as early as possible!
 me too! Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.
 I think wikileaks wants them to leave. That's the sort of chaos they like. Thats why there was a government plan to destroy wikileaks...which wikileaks leaked.
 I dunno. Maybe they were upset that the frenchman who kept selling the Eiffel tower wasn't held accountable. so...
 A fool with a lot of money. There are a lot of candidates. Maybe someone in the May cabinet. 
 I do like to travel, although I think I'll be avoiding Japan though.
 Yeah, I bet I have done the exact same too! Yikes!
 Yes, it's been fun! Have a good day!
 You too. Take it easy!
 Wow that is surprising. I however am guilty of that. Everyone in Finland is lucky because they have the right to use the internet.
 Yeah, I wouldn't do that at all. Mackinac Island sounds like a lovely place to travel to.  
 I agree - the ban has been in place for over 100 years!
 Wow, a real step back in time.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I need to go wash my car.  Talk to you later. Have a good day, friend.
 You too! Have a great day!
 bye-bye
 Yes, flights of fancy in Iceland.  Constantly clicking on the hamburger icon has created measurable addiction in my brain.
 So much information, but people get that little rush.  Keep clicking, keep getting that little rush. There are people on the peak of Mt. Everest posting selfies to feel good about themselves.  
 I got a tower to sell you.  Have a good day.
 Not really.  I'm a homebody.  But from my chair, the internet can take me just about anywhere. Are you a traveler?
 Sure! With no motorized vehicles, the gallop of hooves is the only vehicle-related noise pollution.
 Japan sparks joy for me too, although it costs about $300 to travel across Japan due to all the to highways.  So, bring quarters.
 They need to talk with the Dutch, who are putting in a commuter bus system that travels at 160 mph. How else would Icelanders get around? 
 I wonder how long it took for King Kalakaua to travel around the world? He was the first, but probably not the fasted king to do so.
 The internet is faster. I can get around the globe in seconds using Google Earth. That is if I can find the hamburger button...
 Yes, I am one of the 7% of OCD people who do, although I do occasionally live on the edge and skip a few words!
 Let me guess, they have a McDonalds with free WiFi?  I could never climb Everest. I would have to rebel against my internet addition and put down my device long enough to climb... I'll just Google it...
 Is WiFi access a constitutional right yet? The Norwegian government sent $1 billion to help save the rain forests. Now that is good use of public funds.
 Yes, and we need to buy back the Eiffel Tower too. Some impersonator pretending to be a government official sold the tower...twice... 
 HaHa, yeah that would be good for us! Looks like the Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel 160 mph so visiting windmills and seeing the tulips could be in the mix as well.
 Right? Or we could be like Icelanders who use domestic flights to travel between major towns, although that might get a bit expensive!
 That sounds good...getting younger lol! I want to travel to France, see the Eiffel tower. Just read that a man impersonated a government official and managed to sell it not once but twice. How do you sell the Eiffel Tower, and to who?
 Enjoyed it, take care!
 Groovy, man
 It was great talking to you - take care!
 The air must be pollution free there so a great place to relax and all, its been great chatting with you as well, thanks
 Lol!  These chats will help curb that a little.  Might not curb my craving for a hamburger, which reminds me that the three horizontal menu line is actually referred to as a "hamburger" button.
 You too!
 Do you like to use the internet?
 Haha That makes 2 of us.  I think I have that addiction that's caused from constant novelty of clicking links on the internet.
 Yes.  It's sad.  The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. lol
 I'm pretty sure you'll be ok as long as you aren't immigrating to the country or doesn't have any business related services to take care of on behalf of your company.
 You'll have problems anywhere that will have to do with a currency exchange, product, or service that is not Britain related.
 I'm sure their government have plans in place for the worst case scenario.
 Have you ever been to Japan?  I've heard there that it costs more that $300 to travel across the country.
 Iceland has no public rail service and that most Icelanders without cars use domestic flight to travel between major towns.  That could be fun to visit and hop from town to town.
 lol You could start that and be the next multi millionaire entrepreneur.  Then you could have enough money to travel around the world like King Kalakaua of Hawaii, who was the first king to do so.
 I'm not sure.  I'm going to stick to going to Northern Michigan and go to Mackinac Island where they have banned motorized vehicles for over a hundred years.  I think once I get there I'll travel by a horse drawn carriage.  It's been fun chatting!
 I think I'd like to travel to somewhere that has banned the internet, at least for a few days.  Just to see how I get by.
 lol That would be nice.  Have a good one!
 Hey there, What are your views on government?
 I like to use the internet to book my travel plans its so easy and convenient
 I try to if i had time and a magnifing glass haha
 No, but i will ride in one that goes 159mph haha
 Well, i hope it has good brakes because lord forbid if it has to stop suddenly haha
 Yeah, i dont either they probably want to be on the map- for something probably
 Japan always has financial difficulties as a nation, probably still owing money stemming from WW2 so they have to collect it somehow.
 Yeah, they only have so much space to build homes until they run out of space haha
 I have actually lived there for 3 years from 96-99
 Yep, every highway! It was nice chatting with you too! Have a great night!
 You too! Take it easy. 
 That is just amazing. What a company. It was really nice chatting with you.
 hello! yes I was reading about that.  that's amazing 
 Thats right. maybe they beat all the competitor with lower prices. I hope that happen 
 really?! that's good. 
 really? when was that?
 awesome 
 yeah They are growing a lot 
 I much prefer a hard copy. I know it sounds super cliche', but books really do just have better ambiance. The smell, the feel. I love books. But, as much as I hate to admit it, I am a slave to convenience. Plus, that online library saves me A LOT of money in new book costs. Ha. I also use their audiobook collection a lot. I have to drive about 50 minutes back and forth to work every day, so I get a lot of "reading" done on the drive.
 Oh wow!! That is awesome!! I do a lot of thrift shop stuff, too. I collect all different editions of Alice in Wonderland, and thrift shops are the best places to find old copies.
 Hello!
 I enjoy listening to music. I really like Linkin Park, and their 'Hybrid Theory' album is the top selling in the 21st century.
 I miss when One Direction were together. That is interesting.
 Hi Do you like music?
 I love music. I was happy to learn that linking park's Hybrid theory is the best selling album of this century!
 I really like it, But do you know which was one of the best selling albums in 2014?
 Pink floyd's Dark side of the moon!
 Well it is interesting that an album that is so old sells so well in this decade
 That is neat! Do you like to watch comedy? I did like the show 3rd rock from the sun, did you watch it?
 I do, and yes, I loved 3rd rock. I found it funny but the older son was pretty annoying, French Stewart, I think was his name?
 They were all crazy, I used to watch it on Friday nights. J Gordon Levitt was so small. They did beat Seinfield, Friends and Frasier!
 I agree I enjoyed them all. I enjoy comedy in general. I love old silent movies that achieved great comedy with no sound!
 I love the 3 stooges. Although they have sound, I love pysical comedy of it.
 They are incredible! The are part  of what is called slapstick comedies!
 I love those. I remember staying home on friday nights until they were over. I would have a whiskey and watch. My roommates would make fun of me until they started watching with me...
 that sounds like a great plan. Well it was great chatting with you. Have a great day!
 Those are my favorite. Especially Harold and Kumar and the Hangover.
 Yeah that is actually. It was nice chatting with you.
 Good morning.  How are you?
 That's so cute.  Mine are kind of opposites too.  The lab is big and the yorkie poo is tiny.  Lab is very laid back and easy going, the yorkie poo is high strung and an ankle biter. Lol
 You know I used to think that my dogs could only see in black and white, but I've since learned that the can't see as many colors as we do, but they are not color blind, like I thought.  Mine like watching tv, too!
 Now, I feel bad for the cats, but I'm sure they'd take care of them, too!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning about dogs and such.  Hope you enjoy your doggies and have a good day!
 I like Jim Carey.  So many funny movies.  he won't do dramas anymore unless they portay some positivity.
 I agree.  I think he has earned it.  Probably has made enough money to be selective.  His belief systems now is that of being positive.  i think it is great for someone of his status.
 Do you have a dog? I read they are the first species to be domesticated and play many roles for people.  Very loyal
 I love my dog.  So loyal and a great companion.  Google is a dog company too.  
 you too!
 We could make a hat for Kanye to wear, Make America Learn a Foreign Language, that would be a MALAFL hat, not a MAGA one
 It's tough stuff.  Maybe we should build real houses from lego.  Have a good day, bye.
 That makes sense.  It was weird back then too - the losing candidate for president just became vice-president!  Can you imagine a Trump/Hillary combo?
 Well, I got a lotta drama in my life. But I don't mind it if its in the form of opera, ballet, theatre, etc
 Well I like Soap Operas....not sure what Dove has to do with them though
 I dunno. Maybe 335 BC. Or was that Aristotle's Poetics. 
 He doesn't look a day over 1500!  Maybe he should take some classes for Patrick Stewert...to rekindle his interest in drama.
 Really? Did it work? He should just ride a bike. A women going to a Dave Mathews concert stopped to help a stranded cyclist...who turned out to be Dave Mathews
 I wonder if that would be a good location for a high frequency concert. Dogs like music too
 yeah..once they figure out what you are pointing at, they have a eureka moment. they love it
 Yeah....he uses the subway...and i don't even live in Moscow
 Very cool. Nice chatting with you!
 Hey, are you a Kanye West fan?
 He is talented, but seems to get himself in trouble when he opens his mouth.
 He is a lightening rod for attention, but that is often true of celebrities who forget the sentiment, "better to be quiet and thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt."
 Yeah, he is a trend-setter. Out of the top 10 most successful songs, only Kanye's Gold Digger is in a minor key. He does things his way!
 Yeah, although Swift did not think it was so swift!   But Kanye is impetuous. He once gave his mic to a wheelchair-bound fan at one of his concerts.  He folows his heart.
 With or without high heals?  Well, some celebrities are random and others are solid. Take Carol Burnett. She was much beloved, never a whiff of scandal, and she even took the time out to do the first celebrity cameo on Sesame Street!  
 Yeah!  Another celeb that graced the childrens media world was Robin Williams, who was the first celebrity to do voice-overs in Disney animated films. He was an awesome Genie!
 Not bad!  Although that pales in comparison to Judge Judy's $123,000 per episode... 
 Yeah, but I like it best when celebs do things for children. Like George Carlin, Ringo Starr, and Alec Baldwin, who each served as narrator on the children TV show, Thomas the Tank Engine. Warms the heart!
 Yeah. It's great and has been on TV like forever! Almost like Pokemon, that aired over 750 episodes!  Nice chatting with you!
 he manages to mix indie rock with soul, and gospel - a hard task! maybe he should stick to music.
 and giving his mic to a fan i bet that made the fans year
 i still cannot believe ringo voiced thomas.
 Merry Xmas
 That is interesting.  I'll remember that if I am ever charged by an elephant.
 Exactly!  Did you know that Google self identifies as a dog company?
 She writes these mysteries set in Amish country which sounds like fluff, but honestly it's not.  Hey great chatting with you.
 Bye
 Interesting! I learned a lot about television and youtube today, thanks for chatting!
 Have a great day!
 Hi, how are you?
 Very good! Yourself? Did you watch Tv as a kid?
 I lived in a very rural area and wasn't able to watch to much til we moved to the city. Then I loved it! What did you watch?
 Cartoons mostly. I didn't have cable until I was in college. Once I got cable, it was ESPN all the time!
 Sports are fun! For me it was horror. I loved watch Elvira. Cheers and Shows like that were pretty boring to me.
 I loved The living Dead in Black and white. What about you? What Sports do you watch? Did you have cable or satellite?
 nope! I still live out in the sticks. But I have netflix and the internet so I can watch all the horror I want! I hope your wife is understanding of your sports! I used to watch alot of vidoes and dvd's though.
 Not South Park, when it came out my parents wouldn't let me watch. Same with the simpson but being on network TV, I could access it later in my life.
 I never let my kids watch South Park either. You can bet as soon as they were adults they watched it though! We did watch the 70's show though. and Thomas the tank engine!
 I loved that 70s show. I thought it was really well done. And the whole cast seems to be doing well afterwards.
 My son is so I am by proxy... Nice chatting with you!
 That is so amazing, the power of knowledge
 Yes lots of inspiration from them. Nice chatting with you.
 We actually do a lot of reading still. Magazines, internet, books etc.
 Nice chatting!
 Haha I agree. And yes it's based on a book. Apparently people told me that the book is way better than the movie, but the movie is really bad, so that wouldn't be very hard to do in my opinion LOL
 I love Cinematography. Well, it was good talking to you. Take care!
 Definitely! I agree as well. Reading anything is interpreted diferently by everyone.
 Very true! Our minds are so complex that each person pulls different information out of anything really. I read on the internet often as there are great stories to find.
 I feel that might be a good solution to some depression. Makes people feel better about themselves at least...
 It was probably the worst! I would have prefered jail than some judge rapping to me.
 The same! Nice chatting with you!
 Another reason to develop fusion.  Did you know when the Earth first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long?  Lot's of paid overtime?
 I really do not understand it either. I am curious too. Nice chat
 Macho Man and The Ultimate Warrior were my favorite guys when I was still eating my own boogers and making out with my arm.  Oooooohhhhhh Yeeeeeaaaaahhhh!  The Aerosmith comparison for costumes doesn't surprise me at all!
 I admit I cringe when discussing politics today, but you forced me to picture them in wrestling singlets and I thank you for this image that will give me giggles for the rest of the day!
 I love presidential nicknames.
 At least we don't have the runner up being vice president anymore!! Have a good one as well!
 A congress is meeting of the representatives of nations.
 The president will take necessary step to avoid this type situation.
 The nation security consultant's support for the use of "deadly chemical weapons" Which is highlighted in past statement.
 yes, All the members are talk to take necessary steps .
 The runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 In 1916 the first woman was elected to congress before she even had the right to vote in a national election.
 Yes, she wins. 
 Yes, the great leader are service to the nation. They are always think about the nation.
 Red and Blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000
 Wealthiest presidents in american history were JFK, washington and jefferson.
 The president guest house is larger than the white house.
 No, I met a nice person and have a great chat.
 Totally agree!  It's difficult to get the facts and truth these days - that's the end game for all the politicians...  Hey - in case this chat ends abruptly, it's been really great chatting with you today!
 Have a great day!
 I know, fans save a portion of their energy for El Tri, I think its great how nations can share this kind of love.
 That does sound like a great way to bond between countries.  The diplomats are now heroes and brothers according to some.
 Various locations, I think its US and also Mexico, both countries are  co hosting, and yeah the womans team is pretty good, maybe we should switch teams lol.
 I like slow dancing. And I like to box, which has some rhythm to it. Think Ali. Or Bruce Lee, to expand out to martial arts. He was a great dancer.
 Yeah, that's it. Footwork. Michael Jackson could've kicked some ass. 
 Although I hear he relied on a device for one of his moves. Patented it too.
 Professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes a week. 
 You probably danced as a baby. Its innate.
 You could be a soldier. They just listen to the raidio. In WWII they used a razor blade and pencil as a diaode when in foxholes.
 Yeah, WWII was bigger than the World Cup.
 Great idea. This way South Korea has a chance against Germany.
 Nice chatting with you. I'm going to try to catch some Canadian radio now...in the mood for Rush.
 Saturday nights alright for fighting...or dancing.
 Not this one coming, which in Qatar, but the following world cup will be in America.
 Plus you don't have to qualify to play in it, the host nation of every world cup get to play no matter what, we've got seven years to get our act together.
 Absolutely, they should make it performance based, the better you do in the tournament the higher your nation compensates you, men or women.
 One of my favorite parts of soccer is when they players score, often they will have a dance they have worked out in advance, some are really good.
 ahhh, I knew it ;)  no idea why man's football can't be on that level...
 That explains why my daughter was always falling asleep when I was listening to Metallica ;)
 Where there is a will, there is a way ! They were watching a lot of MacGyver ! 
 lol ;) thanks for talking, great chat ! ;)
 Happy and healthy New Year !
 Hi how are you today, Do you know what the 5th planet in the solar system is?
 Elon musk is supposed to be developing a way to travel to outer space for regular people who can afford it
 I think in 2017 he announced his ultimate goal was to take a flight to mars and he hopes to reach this by the early 2020's
 Steve jobs and elon musk have been some of science and technologies greatest recent minds
 I do. You're so right they said jobs never knew too much about coding it was Wozniak that really moved that aspect forward.
 Thats definitely faster then me i still poke at the keys lol i feel like i might be way faster on my phone
 Nope i haven't but i did see the film it was very good with its special effects for its time period
 I have friends in the military and they really like to listen to jocko willink do you know who he is?
 Yup i think he was a member of the seals and now he has a podcast he was a big guest on joe rogans show on youtube
 Interesting. Well, thanks for the chat!
 Have a great day
 ya that is a good movie, I tried to read those books but to be honest they were so long I literally did fall asleep haha
 Hi, how are you?
 Really well. I found the article to be really powerful as a female protagonist.
 Wow, I would throw away my phone if it would help. For nothing other than I hate my phone...
 The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 I read a little. I am assamed I do not read more. Are you?
 Me neither. I do get really bugged when I waste a Saturday or Sunday. I look back on Monday and am sad when I lose a day.
 The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor. I hope there's a lot of fish food!
 Hi.
 I love these things. Basketball is my favorite.
 I have not.
 I see no problem with a good slamming every now and again.
 I think kareem and allen iverson should go play on the highest court in the land.
 Well he wasnt much of a slam-dunker anyway.
 Oh so do I. That is a lot of money.
 I think lebron already took that idea.
 The key is to stay away from comedy central. Although, I thought all publicity was good publicity.
 If bill cant help. Nobody can help.
 I think it would have been better with Jack Black. Have a good one.
 Thanks
 I have never really got into college ball much. 
 I heard that. She scored 105 points in one game. That would be nearly impossible to overcome.
 Yeah he was really good at the three. Maybe the best ever.
 Wonder how many he actually took. 
 Yeah I remember when I was a kid watching him play. He was so powerful. Breaking the rims and such. 
 Jabbar revolutionized the game with his dunks, but I think Shaq did as well
 Yeah the game isnt the same without dunking. 
 Yeah. I dont think they will. It looks to funny. Lol.
 I heard that. Jordan wore them anyway and nike paid the fine. I think they have gotten their money back on that though.
 Were you a fan of Allen Iverson.
 I used to follow Tim Duncan when he was with San Antonio.  I admired his decision to stay in college and complete 4 yrs. So many jump straight to he NBA, and then are bankrupt a couple years after leaving the NBA
 To many are jumping to the pros for the money and promotional deals. I can remember back in the day, when Jordan pulled down the big Nike endorsement deal. Air Jordans were the rage
 Are you familiar with the Nike Iverson deal? Lifetime endorsement. Can you imagine?
 AND a $32 mil lump sum payment after he reaches 55. Now that is a sweet retirement!
 Where are all the humble players? I recall hearing about Reggie Miller as a teen.  He tried to brag about his big 40-pt game, only to find out his sister scored 105 points. That is humbling!
 It is humbling to throw the ball like an old lady, but physicists claim it is the superior style to perform Free Throws. I think the pros would rather be cool that be proficient.
 You gotta admire a player that knows how to beat the percentages! Remember Kareem Abdul-Jabar? His was so dominant with that dunk that the college basketball banned the dunk for a while. 
 Hahaha yeah, too good at what he did. nice chat :)
 Oh yes! I love south park! My favorite episode was the family guy episode. Heck, even The Simpson's crew sent the south park producers flowers after that episode aired! Ha!
 And there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon but a 70s Show remake couldn't make it in the UK! Ha! Great chatting with you as well!
 Sounds like a good man. I guess Iceland has the rep of being everyone's second favorite team.   I may just make them my second favorite.
 I do watch the Simpsons.  Poor Homer has held 188 jobs in 400 episodes.  Yes, thanks!
 Lol, I don't watch women's soccer either, but I think I'd prefer that over even 1 episode of Pokemon. The women's team hasn't placed lower than third since 1991. I'm pretty sure the men's team didn't qualify for 2018.
 Americans will never win as long as they call it soccer. The game in 2018 with France was incredible. I would like to see them crush Russia again.
 Okay. Understand Qatar is hosting 2022 World Cup. Maybe that has something to do w/Saudi resentment...Who knows! I'll still watch the games. Thanks for so much useful soccer info. 
 Too rich to sweat the small stuff and enjoy sports w/out international "incidents". Cheers!
 My pleasure. Have a rewarding day.
 Hi there! Wondering what you're up to? I'm hanging out watching TV. Love my shows even though TV is a mass medium for advertising.
 Yes, really good. Nice chatting! Goodbye.
 The weather is cold but does not compare to the summer of 2018. Record high temperatures were experienced all over the Northern Hemisphere.
 I totally agree with you. The crazy weather reminds me of an episode of South Park. Tv shows model real life sometimes.
 Ha, interesting. I don't watch much South Park. I do watch the Simpsons though.
 I love the Simpsons too! Did you know that Bart was in every episode but one. Fun fact.
 I like him too. My kids favorite show is Thomas the Tank Engine.
 I used to watch that when I was small! I liked it better back then when it was like stop animation and not CGI. Apparently Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin each has narrated  at least 52 episodes each. 
 Yes, I love how they bring in famous people for the voices and characters! Ringo Starr was my favorite.
 I don't think I ever have paid attention to the narrators though I know narration is an important part of that show
 Yes, it helps parents enjoy a kids show. That is how I feel anyways.
 Yeah, I think it's good for the kids to extend their vocabulary too by listening to a story that is narrated clearly.
 Yes I do. I love manga books.
 That is true. I would recommend books like the short history of nearly everything as well as books by brandon sanderson. Both are great choices if you ever in a reading mood. Thank you for this wonderful chat.
 Yeah he was great.  He put out a restraining order on  Sheldon.  The Michigan State U. has the largest public comic book collection in the world.
 I agree.  I am also grateful that McDonald's started drive-thu's in 1975.  Originally it was for soldiers.
 Yep, that's true.  Back when a trunk in the trunk may have been the case. 
 I do. I really like the Marvel series. It was created by Stan Lee and at the end of every phone conversation he would conclude with the word "Excelsior!"
 I would like to visit Michigan State University. They have the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world in their library.
 Original cars used to have wooden trunks on the back. As a kid I always thought it had something to do with elephants.
 And I am worried about the costs of a car in America! Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun information today.
 Not so much, but I like Marvel Heros movies based upon dc comics.  Dc stands fro detective comics
 No, I might have to go check out thier library for some old comics then
 True.  Who would have imagined dvd players in cars?  I guess reading has advanced creativity
 No kidding! It's so addicting now, Unicef has agreed to donate an entire day's worth of clean water to kids in need for every minute one doesn't use their cell phone. That gives me hope at least!
 Wouldn't it be great if it still was? I think it's also great that Winston Churchill won a Nobel Prize for literature instead of peace. That's quite an accomplishment!
 I love to read, I wanted to be a writter when I was a kid, there is an annual competition in which you have to come up with the worst oppening sentence to a book or novel.
 No, havent participated but I think it would be fun and difficult as well.
 Crazy! I wonder how long it took for that! I always liked the rumor that they were color blind, but they just don't see as many colors as us.
 The dog has a long association with humans.  They have uniquely tuned behavior. To bad about the colors, they make great art. or a mess.
 A mess indeed! Speaking of messes, South Africa allows flamethrowers on your cars to prevent carjacking!
 My dog is super smart so she probably knows more than me haha. Dogs and elephants are the only animals that know pointing.
 So, if we could get a chimp and your dog together, would they become a 1000 word knowing crime fighting duo, or just fling poo and bark a lot?
 haha that's too funny. They definitely would fling poo and bark a lot because why not?
 They really would. Do you own any cars? 
 what was your Eureka moment?
 The little arrow on the gas pump symbol, next to the fuel gauge.  That arrow points to the side the filler is on. Eureka!
 Yes that took me awhile to realize too! I can't believe cars have been around since 1886 when Karl Benz patented it. I thought it was only around 120 years old.
 Funny how some things never change, especially the trunk of the car. It used to be a literal wooden trunk.
 Apparently Audi had to create a new horn for the Indian market.  They are heavy users of the horn.
 That is funny. Car history is interesting, especially how companies get their names. Cadillac was named after an explorer who founded Detroit.
 There are a lot of french names in Detroit.  Gratiot is a street.  Do you believe that googles self driving cars have an aggressive option?
 So, if we lock your dog and a chimp in my car, which one will cause the most stress?
 I would say the dog for sure. They really show emotions.
 Is a cold day here, I think I will warm up the car and go somewhere.  Good thing I am not in Ohio. Terrible place to be.
 I agree. I love dogs, but not a huge fan of cats.
 That's a great way to help animals if your area doesn't have the infrastructure to support shelters. It helps a lot of goals simultaneously: feeding strays, helping the environment, and promoting recycling.
 I am as well!
 My family owns a dog daycare so we have had the chance to partner with some great organizations in our area.
 That's really cool. It was good talking to you!
 Yeah...that makes a difference, even if you don't notice it consciously.  They should get Judge Judy to do a voice...if they can afford her
 OMG. I didn't know she was in LeBron's league. I would like to hear them both sing "money for nothing". 
 yeah...its like south park...i think the latter sent the former some flowers
 well there's at least 150 episodes of thomas the tank engine...if you want to hear some Ringo Starr thats where to go
 Wow. I blame Robin Williams.
 yeah..i just meant that he started the trend of celebs performing voices in animations. Aladdin was the 1st
 Yeah...there should be consideration for those who go beyond the call of duty. Like the Ethiopian celeb chef who is trying to combat hunger
 Yeah. I like that Carol Burnett did Sesame St. Its good for kids
 True. Nice chatting with you.
 I do from time to time.  Stephen King calls Bambi the first horror movie he was because it terrified him as a child.
 I agree and I didn't know that. lol  The majority of creepy metallic noises in scifi or horror movies are made by an instrument called a waterphone.  Never heard of that before.
 haha me neither.  The boy from the Shining movie Danny didn't know he was acting in a horror film until several years later.  lol
 Who knows?  I bet his parents were cashing the check though. lol  Do you watch a lot of television?
 I use Amazon Prime and Netflix to watch tv now.  Did you ever watch "That 70s Show?
 They remade it and called it "Days like These" but it only lasted for 10 episodes.
 I don't think I saw that episode.  Probably because I was too busy watching one of the 750 episodes of Pokemon. lol just kidding
 Wow.  Never would have thought that.  I just learned that DC from DC Comics stands for Detective Comics.
 Interesting!  Good chatting!
 lol, I know its funny!! The show was the best!! Good chat!!
 You too!! 
 I also like DC comics and Superman
 Michael Jackson wasn't able to get his hands on Marvel and the Spiderman character. 
 Hi, are you a fan of the academy awards?
 I hadn't thought of that.  Wow, it would have been wild if she said no.  Yeah, probably rigged.  Nice optics with the kiss and everything.
 Agreed. And t have a 67 year old ring, that's pretty romantic.
 I heard about that but I do not watch the shows so it was lost on me.
 I thought that too! What a scam! Disney has 22 oscars too!
 I would be interested in their ratings. Do you watch the simpsons?
 Yes, I understand that there is only one episode without Bart or the mention of him.  Personally, Homer is my favorite.
 Yeah. He started the trend of actors to do voice work in animated films too.
 I know, right! Nice chatting with you!
 He might be upset, but all he has to do is look at his bank account to cheer himself up.
 U2 is cool. They have even opened for themselves a some shows in 1987 as a country music band.
 Have a good night. Nice chatting with you.
 Agreed completely.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Very good. Thanks and have a great day!
 I am mostly a hip-hop, r&b, and soul kind of guy but I mix in a bunch of everything.  My favorite at the moment is listening to the soul of Sam Cooke and Stevie Wonder, love their sound and music.  
 Completely agree.  Soul is calming and soothing, but also uplifting and makes ya feel good.  Thanks for the chat and good luck to ya.  
 Thanks, appreciate it.  Now, I'm going to look up the 100 year rappers from Japan and see if they are better than me, bye.
 Goodbye
 Hi, how are you?
 I am well, thanks. I do enjoy the throw back when they pop up on my spotify shuffle.
 I like dark side of the moon but I also like a bunch of new stuff.
 Yeah. I love when a good song comes on in the car and I just jam to it. I can only imagine what I look like to other drivers...
 Nice choices! I listen to Chevelle at the gym a lot. There's some stuff in their catalog!
 That would be a good show. I would feel to old to go though. I can barely stay up past 9!
 HA! I would love to see them live. I had no idea he was this talented when he was with Nirvana.
 Yeah... nice chatting with you!
 I would think Charley Pride would be the other. He was definitely a big artist and a contributed to country music radio being the most listened to rush hour genre in the evening commute.
 Thank you chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun information today.
 Good morning. How are you doing.
 I'm good, thanks for asking.  How are you this fine morning?
 I love just about all kinds of music to be honest. Country is probably my favorite though. 
 I wasnt aware of that. Who is jeff bezos again.
 Oh. That is an interesting fact. 
 Yes, it is.  They are a very talented and successful family for sure.
 Talk about succesful. Did you know that U2 used to open shows for themselves. 
 What a bunch of characters huh. I can imagine those guys being a fun group to hang out with.
 Wonder why someone in his position would do something like that.
 Well that just crazy. Leads me to the thought that there is only two african americans in the country music hall of fame.
 Im not sure. You would think by this time there woud be more than two though.
 Hey did you know that the fender stratocaster was intended for country music. 
 I didn't realize that, how interesting.  Well, It's been nice chatting, I need to shower for work.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
 ah yup youre right, THe Led Zeppelin Album I like too wasn't titled in order to confuse the rock press which is awesome haha
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 Yes, that is a very successful and talented family for sure.
 How true, nice chatting with you.  I need to go wash my cat, if you know what I mean.  Talk to you later.
 I've heard that Jupiter does have radio storms that can be heard on an AM radio.
 There's even a site where people can listen to classic radio dramas for free.
 I would listen too. It was clever of WWII soldiers to use pencils and razor blades to make foxhole radios.
 Pretty amazing. Have you ever listened to albums? I remember all the old vinyl.
 I think a lot of instruments had their start in country music. There is something about a steel guitar that just can't be duplicated by a synthesizer. 
 Some music just seems to transcend the bounds of time. It speaks to a new generation in a special way each time. That is the beauty of music. 
 Good talking to you!
 The music scene is apparently tough.  It took her more than 10 years to make it to the top.  Her single "Golden Hour" from that album is near the top of iTunes all-genre chart ratings.  
 It's a long way to the top! I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Or - James Taylor's "You've Got a Friend". Cheers!
 Great week-end!
 I like Keith Urban. Cool that he is married to Nicole Kidman. They seem like a solid couple in that crazy industry.
 i agree with you! that's how people express themselves, just let them do it. I really love country music even though this term is nowadays used to describe many styles and sub genres
 Yes! Country music has come a long way from its hillbilly roots. I think sometimes it is more like rock or folk than old school country.
 That's fun!  Supposedly, country music is the most listened to rush hour radio genre for people doing the evening commute. I can understand that!
 They are talented.  Who is your favorite country artist? Mine is Garth. I have seen him in concert a few times. He loves to perform and makes you feel so involved in his concerts.
 i love Linkin Park! I think hybrid theory was the best album of the 21st century! It was definitely the best selling one!
 That is what makes music so great. So diverse and steeped in tradition. Something for everyone....
 You know they say in Canada, by law 40 percent of the music must be Canadian.  I guess that means a lot of Rush and Alanis Morrisette.  :)
 And speaking of rap... get this two Japanese twins released a rap album when they turned 100!!  Wonder what they rapped about?  
 Yeah, it was great talking to you as well!  You take care!
 Hi! What kind of music do you like? I enjoy country. It originated in the southern US around the 1920's!
 Yeah that would be nice to see what they sound like. I'm glad I don't live in Canada where they require 40% of the radio to play Canadian music. 
 But it is strange that we can pick up phenomenons from outer space with just a AM radio. 
 I know, I'm just happy I don't have to resort to pencils and razor blades since I can now just listen online to radio dramas for free.  Much simpler!
 Radio dramas are special, it is like being at the theater but with my eyes closed, there is some great performances there, I recommended it to you. 
 I used to love the vinyl LP's that had the covers that opened like a book.  I would always prop them up and just stare at whoever I was crushing on at the time!  The sound was pretty good too.
 The first time I heard, The Devil Went Down to Georgia, I begged my parents to let me learn the fiddle.  Unfortunately, i never got that good!  Tried the banjo to, but that didn't last long.  
 No, I tried to use a Turntable and Synthesizer a couple of times after reading about twins from Japan that were 100 and just released a rap album.  I figured if they could why not me!  But it was a flop
 I would like to think so, I heard a song from them  and it wasn't bad
 Sorry, meant to say CMA....Yes I like some country music. I will listen to it mostly on the radio, how about you? Any Albums you like that are country?
 Really? Wow. I love music in general. I used to have a lot of albums back in the day, miss having vinyl.
 Of course I do! I love U2! i had their albums and still have them on my phone.
 Haha! really? I didn't know that, pretty funny. When they come on the radio while I am in my car I turn it up lol, great music.
 Very true! I am a huge radio fan!
 No, don't think so. Usually local stations. I know that canada has a rule that they have to play at least 40 % canadian music on their radio stations, I believe.
 Talk about supporting local talent. Nice chatting with you.
 I do!  He played in Black Panther.
 I watched it on netflix.  Isn't he the richest superhero?
 Yes.  I guess though they have to make them like that so they can have money to do the things they need to do to be a superhero.
 I like the internet.  Now that I know about.  Do you know what a hamburger button is?
 Yes!  I just learned about the hamburger button too.  I could see myself suffering from that as well.  Not joking either.
 We like to call those people sheeple at work because they follow the flock and are like zombies doing and believing what they're told.  I will stick to enjoying my internet for working and watching videos.
 Ok.  Funny.  Nice chatting with you too.
 Hello - how are you today?
 Wow! I can't either! You know, at the end of the day, we all have Hedy Lamarr to thank for cellphones, GPS and wifi. People don't realize she is the reason we have the technology we love today!
 I have wondered that. It was great talking to you!
 He's a really good actor. I've met Denzel Washington. It's just like him to help out a talented kid. I was an art teacher near where he was once filming. He snuck into my school, gave us a huge donation.
 You're really lucky to have met Denzel. It was really nice of him to help pay for Chadwick to go to Oxford. 
 There were a lot of good serious actors in Black Panther. I really enjoyed Forest Whitaker and even Andy Serkis
 The Marvel character It was also created beforehand. Despite that I really did enjoy it and so did many others including those who confused the two.
 HA, that's for sure. It was really nice chatting with you about Black Panther. 
 It is! Did you know that the 3 horizontal lines on apps and websites is called the hamburger button?! Kind of looks like one I guess...
 That's correct. I also heard that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. I would love to sign up for that. 
 Emilia wrote the president criticizing his NCAA bracket picks!
 Funny! It's interesting that presidents do take time to read through many letters from it's citizens.
 Too bad for sure. The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Yes, that would be interesting. The US president's guest house is larger than the white house.
 Yes, they have so much space.Obama was the 44th president of the united states. 
 Great use of time getting information from the library.
 There are more libraries than Mcdonalds in the US!
 That's a great thing they do. The Sacramento library lets you check out sewing machines and other item.
 What an interesting idea for a library. Did you know Barack Obama was an attorney.
 I will have to try that. Also, Obama's secret service name was renegade.
 Haha, maybe they'll have LTE service in a couple years up there. I do like knowing that there is a place that backs up the current Internet at all times though. It's called The Library of Alexandria
 Yep you're right. It usually gives you a menu of stuff to choose from. Also the name makes me hungry LOL
 thanks you too, make sure to read the terms of service from now on online, only about 7% of people do
 ha funny, i did know they communicate with each other
 no, i have not either. but how about comic book legend stan lee ending every phone conversation with 'excelsior'
 ha funny, nice chatting
 Great talking to you, and keep in mind that DC Comics only paid $130 for the rights to Superman back in 1938 look for deals like that haha
 That's a seriously worn out veto pen. President's get a lot of interesting letters too. Fidel Castro wrote FDR once as a boy.
 haha ya I do like that idea, I don't like the nickname of the President of Zimbabwe though, I guess they call him President banana, does he have a VP Plantain? haha
 Hah! Maybe.I feel like we could use a few more president's fluent in other languages. FDR was the last one.
 I like chatting about the Presidents.
 In authority regimes, a dictator or leader of one party state may also be called a president.
 In politics, President is a title given to leaders of republican states.
 They are safeguard people and their lives it is necessary.
 Its very interesting. The role of the president is more prominent, and also the function head of the government.
 In US over half of adults have library cards.
 A library card is a great thing to have, they're free and grant you access to a lot of necessary resources.
 Sure, It make our self very discipline and very focused and learn lot of things in the library.
 Reading books is good habit.
 Yes, I read novels. Who is your favourite author ?
 NIce. The government of Norway will buy 1000 copies of books and distribute them to all library.
 That's a great way to support your citizenry!
 yeah, I would be lousy. I heard about a guy who got traded for $1 and then went and won four Stanely cups. I would probably be a waste of a dollar. LOL
 Gotta gain it back! I'm a poor skater too, maybe field hockey would be okay to play.
 I think I'm going to go read more about that. Thanks for the interesting conversation!
 hey you too!
 No I agree with you. So I just don't know how that works. Did you hear about the hockey player who was traded for a dollar back in 1993. He went on to win four Stanley Cups. Talk about a blunder
 Yep the money the girls the whole thing haha. Alex Smith is a genius though, he had his four-year degree in only two, but he still joined the NFL. I think that was also the right move
 Yeah I think that is it. It reminds me of that movie called Goon, about the hockey enforcer. Good movie.
 Been great talking you as well.
 hey how are you :)
 Hello!
 Seriously? That's very interesting! It's funny that Google headquarters used 100s of live goats to mow there yard lol....
 ya that seems like so long ago! and a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send a man to the moon, that is nuts
 ya thats wild but useful! I didn't know humans lost their hair 240,000 years ago, I'm bald so I guess im slightly ahead of the curve in that regard haha
 that is weird, it would be interesting if we could make our own, then we wouldn't have to take vitamin c when we're sick, like I had to recently when I had the flu
 thanks I'm finally recovering! that's weird there's a frequency that causes fear in humans, I wonder if there is a brown noise, you know the one that makes humans poop themselves haha
 that is wild, or that humans can regrow ribs, I wonder if other animals can regrow their ribs? Might be more human to harvest animal ribs instead of killing them for it? we could have infinite BBQ Ribs!
 Wow1 CRAZY! Hahahaaa....spare ribs.....hahahaa
 haha sounds tasty haha, did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon? I watched some as a kid but didn't know there were that many
 that is weird I didn't know that, I do think its funny when south park did the family guy episode they got flowers from the simpsons crew though
 I heard that too, pretty cool. I find it funny that the UK tried to do their own version of That 70s Show and it was cancelled after 10 episodes lol....love that show.
 Well it's been great takling with you!
 haha I remember that, they had the chance to buy netflix for fifty million dollars and chose not to, definitely a big mistake considering that Blockbuster was essentially put out of business by them!
 I mostly use Netflix. I watch it after my work days to relax.
 It like takes place in the 80's, it has hints of ET and the Goonies, I'd highly recommend it if you haven't seen it and like the 80's
 ya I like older SNL with bill murray or even adam sandler and chris farley, SNL after that has been pretty horrible imo, but it's all good if you like it, depending on the celebrity guest it can be good too
 Hello Do you like Netflix or tv?
 Yes absolutely! Love the simpsons,  havent watched in in awhile though. 
 Did you know Pokemon has over 750 episodes!  That is a lot of dedicated time to pokemon!  lol 
 I used to,  never finished it though.  Its great!  Have you watched it?
 I know right!  That would've saved blockbuster!  Instead they try and do their own streaming thing and failed hahaha 
 Yeah it is the best for music in my opinion.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Blockbuster could have for $50M. It's now worth $2B.
 That's true. They had a story about the last blockbuster in the news yesterday, it's in Oregon..
 Me either. I am not sure why i keep the subscription. I should cancel and renew in 6 months.
 Ditto! Have a great day!
 Yes I know. Nice chatting with you
 I agree. And apparently postage costs 20 
 Haha you're right. To think that Netflix started because of a late fee for keeping Apollo 13 too long LOL that is a good movie though
 Yep I agree. And people don't want to pay to rent movies and then return them on time and pay the fee like you said. That would be so annoying. So I can definitely see why Blockbuster is gone out of business. Even the local video rental store by me recently went under. I think people just had enough pet business model
 Hi, how are you
 Yes, Steve Bochco was a able to create a pathway for many shows like The Practice and The Good Wife actually.
 That is very true. Many of Banchco's tv hits became more well known and appreciated after the original run.
 No, I think I missed Thomas The Tank but am a fan of Alec Baldwin! 
 Me too! His voice is so soothing... And he's easy on the eyes too!
 Totally agree. I am really enjoying the Netflix show Stranger Things because it is a throwback to the 80's.
 No, it is a mystery about a disappearance and supernatural events.
 Yes and the third season is set in mid-1985. Thats a fun walk down memory lane.
 I know! Netflix has some odd fun facts! 
 Nice chatting with you!
 I do, do you use it too? Its crazy that they use 33% of the bandwith from 9pm to 12am!
 Yep
 Yeah, thats crazy, right!
 Me too, i thought mailing the dvd's and waiting to receive new ones took too much time as far as convenience was concerned
 Yeah, i would have gone ballistic if i received a $40 late fee for a vhs tape!! Really??!!
 Yeah now he's a billionnair!!
 Yeah, they are kicking themselves still for declining to buy it.
 Yeah , but Netflix better be careful because racking up debt in the billions could haunt them if anything wrong happens opr a deal falls through.
 I watch a little bit of tv mostly watch reruns like friends or the Simpsons
 Yeah, that is so weird. I wonder why the producers decided to do that?
 Yeah, maybe. Great talking to ya! Have a good night! Bye
 You too
 137 million world wide. They even started making their own content a few years ago in 2012, I think that is one of their best business moves. I know stranger things is really popular and I loooved it. so nostalgic. 
 I did not like iron fist. I thought it was kind of boring and Danny's character seemed whiny. big shame about daredevil though. they have some good comedies too. insatiable was hilarious.
 no I don't believe so. I really hope that it gets another season soon. they have a lot of really funny british sitcoms that are netflix originals too.
 At work? It's the evening. Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america.
 I do subscribe yeah, Stranger Things is nice I really like it and so do many of my friends, its really original. 
 Have a great day and thanks for sharing all those cool facts with me Im going to watch a bit of Netflix now, bye. 
 Yes, for sure.  I have 3 that are adults now.  There were times when I wondered if that was going to happen.  Luckily, no major food allergies. 
 Teaching still helps for everything really... I am grateful to McDonald's for the drive-thru thing and that they did it for soldiers. 
 I just wish I lived in South Africa.  Their cars can have flame throwers to ward off theives.  
 You know I have never been on a horse, but I think they are amazing creatures.  They are used so many different ways
 Yes, and now myspace is a thing of the past.  Funny how things work out
 I do! Do you?
 Yeah, that's a lot! I would sell and live on an island.
 It may be why they are a dying company unable to rebrand themselves. I had no idea it was blue becuase Zuckerburg is color blind.
 They also sold $0.01 whoopers for anyone who used their mobile app within 100 feet of a McDonalds to place the order. So petty...
 Wow.  That is an interesting list.  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Does he call himself President Bananarama?
 Haha!  No...that's the first president of Zimbabwe.  Actually President Banana! lol
 Ahhh. Well, either way, none of them can touch Abe Lincoln. 
 No they don't.  Abraham Lincoln created the secret service the morning he was fatally shot by John Wilkes Booth.
 Yes lol  The planet Venus does not tilt, so consequently, it has no seasons.  It's the only planet that rotates clock-wise.
 Well, that explains Bananarama's "I'm your Venus". President Banana should give this pop album thing a whirl.
 lol  The US presidents guest house is larger that the white house.  Bananarama, who are still around and touring!, could stay at the guest house.
 Yeah. I hear Abe actually had a high-pitched voice. I imagine he could belt out some tunes too.
 lol  The father of the man who assasinated Abe was named after the man who assasinated Julius Caesar.  Creepy.
 lol  Abe kept his important documents inside his hat.  That's why it was so tall. lol
 He should've stashed some in his beard.
 Ha!  Every bearded US President has been a Republican and Abe was the first one!  It's been fun chatting!
 Yeah. I gonna check out that venus tilt thing now.
 lol Have a good one!
 I'm glad to see that the president of the University apologized.
 Sorry that was my bad I tried to say: Did you know before the 1800s the runner up to the presidential election automatically became vice president.  Could you Imagine if Hillary Was Trump's vice president? 
 Maybe he had a feeling it was coming or had intel that it was coming. I love his top hat. It wasn't only for style-he kept his documents in there.
 He could have kept a ton of them in that big old hat! I think it's funny that all the presidents with beards were republican, starting with Lincoln.
 Well, at least it's not like Venus, because it rotates counterclockwise! 
 That makes me sad to hear stories like that.  Do you like dogs at all?
 I'm a dog person.  I don't like the smell of cat litter boxes.  lol  Some dogs in Moscow had learned to use the subway.  They are pretty intelligent.  I wonder if they really know what they're doing or if they are just getting on the subway when a door opens up.
 How interesting.  I didn't know that.  I always thought it would be a pain to be a dog and have to drink with the uderside of their tongues.
 Didn't know that.  Dogs can learn over a 1000 words and can reason better than chimps.  I can see that.  Although not all dogs are like that.  One of my dogs is really smart and the other dog isn't so smart.
 My one dog will watch tv.  The other one doesn't even know the tv exists. lol  Dogs have "eureka moments" and enjoy the experience of solving a problem in order to obtain a reward.  That must be why they will do a trick in hopes of getting a treat.
 That's neat!  I've heard that you can take your dog with you to work at Google.  Switching gears...do you like cars?  The first car accessible to the masses was the 1908 model T made by Ford.
 Nice!  A weird odd law in Ohio says it's illegal to warm up your car there.  I live here in Ohio and never heard of that. lol
 lol no doubt!   On a side note...something I found interesting and it's a little off topic, but I just discovered that ET was originally scripted to be a horror film.  I wonder how that would have played out?
 Do you like Orchestras ? Carlos Miguel Prieto made the conductor of the year
 his beilef system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity. I admire that
 Interesting. Well Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class. It paid off anyway lol
 Haha, yeah I guess it did. Funny that he admitted it. Patrick Stewart teaches master classes for drama students in the UK. That would be fun!
 Wow that sounds incredible haha! I could totally use that right now to melt ice on my driveway haha or to make hamburgers when I'm on a picnic
 I know right. It's just good that they don't still use wooden trunks in South Africa. That would definitely be a fire hazard with all those flamethrowers driving around haha
 That is really cool! Did you ever play the game Gran Turismo? I used to play that all the time back in the day, it's amazing he got so good that he could become a professional driver haha
 No i did not!  It's really cool, that Google is a dog company!
 I would assume like they allow dogs at work?  Maybe because dogs can learn over a 1000 words?
 Moral is very important in any company!  Like in a car... for google, they have a self driving car that has an aggressive mode!
 Self driving technology is scary! Not scary like a horror movie though!
 oh yes... it's very therapeutic for me!  Love driving till i empty the tank then going to the gas station and getting the correct side because of the little arrow by the fuel gauge!
 ha ! I hear You man ! I can't believe people would actually buy a car that drives for them...
 Well, people are really lazy anymore these days! At least i don't live in ohio with a stupid law where you can't warm your car!
 Don't know... you will have to ask Ohio... LOL
 yeah and who want's to get into a cold car!  You like horror movies?
 love them ! :)
 Love how scream was supposed to be scary movie
 oh wow... you love the gory stuff?
 sure
 yeah... i like a good horror movie as long as it has a good storyline!
 I agree, story is very important ! Thank You for great chat, have a great Holidays !
 thanks!
 TY :)
 Yeah I love dogs.
 I dont currently have one either. Did you know that it is a common myth that dogs are colorblind.
 Did you know that google actually prefers dogs over cats. Weird stance for a company to take in my opinion.
 Im not sure., but it actually states in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.
 Not sure. It sounds like a good idea. I just wonder how many strays it actually helps. I would think that only a few would even be able to find them.
 Yeah but I would think that if they just gave the money to the humane society it would probably help more animals. 
 Maybe they could open another dog blood drive with the money. Did you know they had those.
 Yeah dogs actually have 12 different blood types. 
 Yeah the only other animal that can do that are elephants.
 They are mans best friend. A lot more loyal than most humans are for sure.
 That must really limit Mr. Carrey's parts.  Theater has the two masks as a symbol, for Comedy and Tragedy.  So you really need to be able to do both.  But if he's got plenty of money then I guess he can pick and chose.  
 My daughter did ballet and among those little ballerinas boys were a rare breed.  They were needed for some parts in the Christmas show and the teachers took good care of them.  Like Tupac who played the mouse king in a nutcracker as you mentioned.
 I would love to see that dance.  I guess Bruce was not making any karate moves!  I wonder if that was the inspiration of the song "Kung Fu Fighting" .  Fast as Lightning.  Can't remember the artist.  
 OMG.  I love Hugh Laurie.  Wasn't he great?
 I have a soft spot for British actors.  You know who else I like?  Michael Caine.  
 Really? What was the cause of action? That is, what exactly did they sue for? Their money back or emotional distress? lol
 Yes, that is a good show. My favorite show is The Big Bang Theory, although it's more comedy than drama.
 Ya we are covered in snow over here, I wish I could put a flame thrower on my car so I could use it to melt teh snow on my driveway haha
 didn't know that, I guess video games can apply to real life! do you like dogs or cats more?
 that is crazy, I think they have dog blood drives where you can bring your dog to donate blood, I just think that's weird because a dog can't really give consent to give blood
 ya, also I found out that watching a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories, I will need to watch one after superbowl sunday, I already know I'm going to eat really bad and get fatter haha
 That is a great way to burn all those chicken wings and those evil calories lol, scare them away, I might have to watch 2 with all the food im eating on sunday
 Hey, Yes I have. It is one of my favorite shows.
 There are! In fact, Morena Baccarin who voices a character on the Flash has been in 3 different super hero shows and movies.
 The Flash can also vibrate through solid objects, heal at an accelerated rate, and throw lighting bolts generated by his speed.
 Yes, it is still on. It airs Tuesday on the CW.
 None of those people. Jesse L Martin is probably the most known. He was on Law and Order.
 House was a good show. I remember the first time I heard Hugh Laurie use his real voice. I was shocked!
 Yup, his American accent was very convincing. He made like 700k an episode that's 15 + million a year.
 Ha, that's funny. I suppose it is cheeper than buying a car.
 Or that the Cadillac is named after the founder of Detroit. 
 I like the idea of equipping my car with a flame-thrower.  That should make the person doing 20 on a 35 mph road go quicker.
 That might be legal in South Africa but I doubt it would fly in the US. Also, it would be good for melting snowy roads.
 True. Well, it was nice chatting with you.
 Hi, do you enjoy reading?
 I do enjoy a good book.  I have to say though, Enders game is not something I recommend.
 I have never read Starship troupers. It is by Heinlein.  I have read others by him.  He is long winded.  Overly detailed.  Like Tolkien in a way.  Not worth reading.
 Really? I was turned off by the movie so I never read it. I didn't ever watch Jurassic Park because I love the book so much I didn't want the movie to ruin the book for me.
 Heinlein has some following in sci-fi.  I am not one of them.  A conversation between CS Lewis and Tolkein would be fun to watch.  Better than SNL weekend update.
 It would be one thing to get laughed at by commoners but Lewis and Tolkien? I would just quit...
 How do you feel about horror films.  Marry Shelley was an author.  I read both her works.
 What's better? I prefer books but I do not read enough so I usually end up watching the movie.
 I will have to check that out! Nice chatting with you!
 Good morning. Do you like horror films?
 Thats understandable. Did you know that watching a horror film before viewing abstract art  will make you enjoy the art more?
 Did you ever think bambi was a scary movie?
 I dont personally no, but stephen king does. He says Bambi is the first horror film he ever saw.
 Well he has wrote some pretty good books that would be considered horror. Maybe it did infulence him. Its kind of funny to think that Bambi inspired thinner. Lol
 Yeah I heard that. I saw scream and I didnt think it was at all scary. I also saw scary movie. I didnt think it was that funny either.
 Have a great day! Bye.
 Bye.
 Good morning. Do you watch much drama? I think it's very unique because it's almost considered a genre of poetry.
 Yeah it is an awesome show. If you like classic radio drama as there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes for free. Not sure the name of it though.
 Yeah good point he could out run any car. It would be cool to see flamethrowers on a car though. But all I would need to do for that is go to South Africa apparently.
 Yeah good point. A lot of implications. The car brand cadillac was named after the french explorer who founded Detroit! Well I feel like we talked about a lot. I really enjoyed it. Hope you have a good day :)
 Hah, now that makes me want to watch the episode. I love that Les Mis song. It makes sense to borrow inspiration from other musicals to make a musical episode.
 I agree.  He is considered one of the biggest steals in the history of the NFL draft when he was drafter in the 6th round of the 2000 draft.
 I have seen it and it changed my views on him.  I didn't care for him before that but after watching it I have nothing but respect for him.
 It's really good.  His wife Gisele makes more than double his salary!
 Yes.  I think she is one of the worlds top models.  Bill Belichick lists Brady on the injury report every week even though nothing is wrong with Tom.  lol  Probably to mess with the minds of the team they are playing that week.
 Yes.  An odd fact about Tom is that he's never eaten a strawberry in his entire life.
 Nice.  There was a Burger King promotion where that if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook you would get a free whopper.  I never heard of it before today.
 Me too!  lol  I wonder who made the decision at Myspace to pass up buying Facebook for $75 million in early 2005?  
 I know right?  lol  I find it fascinating that it is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green color blindness.
 Yes.  I noticed it was blue heavy but never really thought about why it was like that.  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 I completely agree because Peyton Manning has been in the Super Bowel numerous times.
 Tom Brady is a great player because he can lead offensively. That's the whole point of a quarterback player.
 I completely agree. Some players can perform at multiple sports. Russell Wilson is that talented.
 Wow, that's so nice of them! I think Simpsons, South Park, and Family Guy used to all come on in a row at some point on tv where I lived. I know a guy who laughs like Peter from Family Guy, too!
 I heard that too, but never did see it. I guess it just wasn't the same. I think the cast has to have good chemistry together to make a good tv show. The US version definitely accomplished that.
 I think I've only seen a few. They were pretty cute I can see why they're so popular. I think one of my favorite tv shows as a kid was Garfield and Friends. Animaniacs was a good one, too!
 Hmm, that's interesting. I never thought of Republicans and beards going together, but I guess it makes sense. I wonder if beards and voters have any type of correlation? I think I'll go watch some TV, ttyl!
 Hi, politics, am I right?
 Yes, it's an important topic and I'm glad we are having the discussion.
 Not really. I am usually right down the middle on most everything. I may be fiscally conservative but I am socially liberal! It's a weird line to balance.
 Speaking of unfortunate, did you know pokemon has 750 episodes?
 WHAT! Sorry, I have not been a great chatter this time. I hope you have a great day!
 Yeah, that is what I thought. Until 1805 in the US, the runner up become the vice president. Luckily we got rid of that system. There would be a lot of drama.
 Haha, you are right. I would watch.
 Speaking of which, I'd love to go chill and watch some reality tv right now! Have a good night!
 I do like some Presidential trivia.  Woodrow Wilson had a phd.
 If that gavel could talk, it would be pretty freaky.  Way to go Nixon.  Mr. Rogers appeared before the senate and made an argument to fund the Neighbor hood and other PBS shows.  He might have seen that gavel.
 Good point. As long as it gets me from A to B and has a radio so I can dance a little, I'm good.
 That is pretty cool!  I usually associate dancing with someone like Michael Jackson who had a patent for the shoes he used on his Moonwalker video.
 I hear you, with the snow we have falling now, I'll appreciate my heavy winter coat.  
 Great chat!  Time to clear the car off of the snow.
 Thanks!
 LOL can you imagine. It like that terminator movie that the machines attack.
 LOL. Better brush up on my ham radio jargon.
 LOL. that is so funny.
 Maybe he didn't tell anyone he made it. HAHA
 I think it is just some guy sitting around saying to himself ...um that sounds good.  HAHA
 That is interesting. Good thing they didn't use his entire name.
 1
 yah and the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums WHILE in office
 That would be funny and at the same time painful to watch lol, but I think it would be more worthwhile than building a  wall at the border
 It surely is! Well I enjoyed talking to you! I know who I wont be voting for in 2020!
 That is true. it was nice chatting with you.
 No, I don't own any, but I like to eat them!
 It's not a bad idea although it has the potential for disaster. Maybe they could give the runner up the president's guest house, which is actually larger then the white house.
 Yeah it probably was for sure.  Anyways, it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 That was actually his name.  He's a more modern president too.
 Wonder if he sang or played an instrument.  So he was a  pop star and president.  Queens , Brian May has a PHD in astrophysics.  Musicians have hidden talents?
 So interesting. Nice chatting with you.
 President banana,  thats amazing. 
 Lol, I wonder if James Buchanan's boyfriend designed it!
 We should give Trump a nickname!
 HAHA - that would be hilarious!
 they are the thinktanks often in some respects.  Back in Venice during the middle ages though they selected politicians by lottery
 I didn't know that either, interesting.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one. 
 Thanks you too. And yes I'm hungry for candy but I don't have any unfortunately haha. If only I had a Mars bar LOL
 That I am not sure of as I am not good with shows. I was surprised that he was 25 when he graduated High School!
 I would not  either. Do you know babies dance spontaneously when they hear dance music. With the internet we can really see a lot of entertaining videos.
 I never thought about it that way, but yeah. Funny that Burger King had a promotion that offered you a Whopper if you unfriended 10 people on FB. Too funny.
 I agree. You have a good day as well. Bye.
 Yes, I thought it was generous of her especially since she's probably very busy. The mother of the child said Obama's staff reached out to set it up and they spent about 45 minutes together.
 I enjoy watching it but I'm not very good at it myself. I really like that video game Just Dance though. What about you?
 Don't worry, I wont make you. Tupac was a ballet dancer so Bruce Lee and babies aren't the only ones with moves
 ya I mean that's all I know haha, I guess their original horns weren't meant to be used as much and they would break all the time
 ah interesting, ya Kareem was just too good with it, I loved Space Jam as a kid its the biggest grossing bball movie of all time!
 He dominated the games with his dunk shot.  Perhaps it was considered unfair.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 I have not, I didn't realize it existed!  Have you seen it?
 I don't know much about the internet but I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Speaking of Presidents, I've heard that President of Indonesia released 3 pop album while in office.  Can you imagine any of the former US President cutting an album after (or even during) their Presidency?  LOL
 Well, there'd be room for it.  I've read it's bigger than the actual white house!  Come to think of it, they did have a "Rapping Ron" song in the 80s, but I don't think that was REALLY Ronald Reagan doing the singing.  LOL
 Hey, it was great chatting with you as well!  Take care!
 lol, He makes me laugh, I saw him in one of his interviews and he said one of his secrets is he doesn't blink! lol, I can remember him in an 80's movie called Blame it on Rio! pretty funny....
 Yes, I agree.... I love animals and like the idea of Germany giving animals legal rights!!
 You too! Have a good night!
 haha that sounds awesome, but i'm cold right now so I'd use it to keep warm!
 ya I agree, I am glad that McDonalds invented the drive though that, that has been a lifesaver for me
 i remember the pirate english one! i loved using that back in the day, it was so fun
 When I first signed up for Facebook you had to have a college email to do so. We had to wait for the site to accept our college, it was a big deal when it did.
 Yes when it first started it was a lot different, it was mostly about making weird groups, posting your party pictures,and complaining about class haha.
 The way population has exploded that's not super surprising, it was fun chatting with you have a great day!
 Hope you don't run into any crazy Facebook hoaxes anytime soon!
 Hi, do you like reading?
 I do too, I am always reading a book! I enjoy going to libraries and see their collection of books, newspapers even audio and video collections
 That would have bee the best library to visit!! I learned about how there exists a library of things, have you ever heard about that?
 It is a place where you can check out things you need but not long term, for example a sewing machine...
 Oh, how cool!  I'd love to visit that library.
 I would love to, it is in Sacramento , California, in their public library
 No,I never heard about him. that is awesome!!!
 That is soo cool. Reading opens doors. I learned about a man that was falsely convicted. He spent most of the 10 years he was in jail studying law and he proved his innocence!
 I do! I own a Nissan and I would like to buy a Mercedes!! LOL
 I did know it, that is considered the birth year  of the modern car. Pretty neat!
 Definitely we all need a car! some people even have become professional car drivers!
 That would be cool somehow. I do love driving so I would hardly use it. Did you know in South Africa it is legal to use flame throwers?
 I had heard that somewhere and thought it was so funny.  I can't picture that happening here, in America.  Ever!  Well, it's been fun chatting with you this morning.  I need to get my butt to work, now!  Have a good day!
 Not anymore. My diet has become a bit cleaner over the years, but I logged in a lot of time in the McDonalds drive through in my younger days.
 Yeah, and then it spawned a nation that would not get out of their cars to eat! But you don't see a lot of Cadillacs in McDonalds drive thru windows. I guess old Antoine dela Mothe Cadillac was not a burger man.
 Nice. 
 We'll have to look for YouTube videos on that... I already have on my list of this to look up is were did the idea of a car trunk come from?
 Nice. But they sure could go very fast with those trunks on their backs. Jann Mardenborough would be disappointed in those race cars!
 Yeah, Naismith, the dude that created the game of basketball! You would think he would make rules to favor his team!
 Yeah, but he was probably still paid a fortune. In 39 out of the 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a basketball or football coach.
 Highest court in the land... I wonder if that is where they deliberate?
 Sure. That is where I read that eating McDonalds is bad for you.  I also read that at the Burger King drive thru. Do you have a library card? Supposedly half of adults do..
 I'd like to melt snow all around me!!
 True.  Did you know that if you publish a book in Norway, the government will buy 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries?  I think that's so wonderful!
 Good! They promote literacy and authors!
 Yes, America could learn a few things from other countries I think!  But at least we have more libraries than McDonald's!!
 That's a great idea - smarter and thinner people!!
 Good morning. I was schocked to know that 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car when German inventor Karl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen. I thought it was Ford
 I did not know that. I saw the had a special recently to order from within 100 feet of a McDonads and get a $.99 whooper...
 This can't be a good idea, right? Iceland are rewriting their constitution via facebook; allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.
 Did you see Bohemian Rahpsody? Queen's guitarist, brian may, has a phd in astrophysics.
 Pink floyd guitarist turned a 'grand houseboat' on the river thames into a floating recording studio called the astoria.
 Wow, you learn something new every day!
 The sound of the vibrating strings is projected either acoustically, by means of the hollow chamber of the guitar (for an acoustic guitar), or through an electrical amplifier and a speaker.
 That's great. My grandmother still has a land line, and my mom just uses the old cell phone without internet. She doesn't think she's smart enough to handle a "smart phone," but she is. Just not interested.
 It doesnt seem that she does. Do you use the internet much? 
 I do not think so.  I am not familiar with that term
 Thats where you look yourself up on the interent. I do it sometimes. Lol.
 I know a few people who are very interested in the internet. So did you ever play Nintendo?
 I do.  I still have an original NES.  Duck Hunt is the best game ever in my opinion.
 Yeah I loved that game. I remember the system came with the gun for duck hunt. Man that takes e back a ways.
 It was so advanced at the time it was released.  How far we have come.  Been good talking with you.  Enjoy the rest of your day
 Do you like entertainment?
 Yes i know a little bit. But i do not know full details. 
 Oh, it's very interesting. Do you tell me the above details?
 Do you think internet is very useful for all people?
 But there is no direct contact with the people through this.
 that is truth. The internet is useful in many ways.
 What type of dance you like?
 I don't know. I think Bruce lee is a great fighter.
 Which type of dance you mostly like?
 Oh, That's nice. me also like hip hop.
 Okay thank you very much. 
 I used to own the original system the one with 54 colors, really nice console
 Not really to be honest ha, just in social events like weddings with my wife.
 Its an spontaneous thing, they like it more when they hit the beat, music runs through our veins
 That is pretty cool to know. I am going to take off though, it was really nice to chat with you. Take Care
 Interesting facts, I feel a lot wiser now thanks a lot for the chat and have a great night, bye
 Johnny English Strikes Again was a really funny movie, do you agree
 I love dramas. I think it is one of the bests forms of film and tv. It is like poetry acted out. 
 I could totally see that. He is able to do so much from drama to comedy and even a villian. I love his comedy sketches from when he lived in the UK. 
 Wow!  More people are on facebook than the population of the world 200 years ago
 It was good talking to you!
 Definitely! Have a great day and it's been a pleasure chatting with you!
 I just like shoes.
 Wow, that is interesting! I know there has to be other life out there! Did you know moon dust can cut through kevlar? Amazing, I love the planets :)
 Really, I agree! I bet we could learn a lot. I watch television shows about the planets and the universe a lot, I love the moon a lot. It all is so interesting! The highest point on the moon is taller than Mt Everest. 
 I hope it doesn't! But it could take millions of years to get that bad. So do like baseball at all? I have a couple teams I like but don't follow too much. In 2017 there were over 6,000 home runs in the MLB HAHA thats nuts!
 that is a ton of home runs! I can't say that I do, I think baseball is really boring, but I would like to find 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in my attic like some guy did, that would be incredible!
 Wow, that would be a treasure! Unbelievable! I like how in baseball they test for launch angles for the players velocity of the ball leaving the bat.... pretty amazing they can do that. 
 I do watch tv but mostly movies. I like documentary's lol about the moon if I can ever find one on. I sometimes watch baseball with friends or another sport but love movies the most. I have always liked That 70s Show.
 I heard that, I guess remakes don't always make out too good on television lol, and yes the moon is amazing to me...I am a big fan of the lunar eclipses and taking photos of the moon , I think it's great...almost as great as my friends think Baseball is hahahaa
 Hahaha, I have heard that too, but no they are not lol. my friends love the Yankee's, I guess they hit 144 home runs in 2017 I guess that is pretty good! 
 Really! That's pretty smart actually! I will throw that fun fact at my friends lol. It's pretty cool that a married couple together scheduled over 2,400 games and they did this over 24 years ...wow
 Right, a lot of work, but I bet the pay was good! 
 I love music! I love listening and playing music. Do you play any instruments?
 I play guitar (acoustic). I love it! Do you know anything about guitars? 
 That's insane! I guess he used his smarts when he built a guitar out of parts of an old fireplace and some knitting needles!
 Anything would be better than Justin Bieber haha. Well, I do like some Justin Bieber songs. Definitely not "Baby"! But it does make an interesting change in the way music stars are born, because he was discovered on YouTube!
 Oh cool! I know about a set of 100 year old twins, these two old white women who are very cute apparently. They're on a lot of tv shows.
 wow that is cool, I wonder if that hosueboat still exists? I would definitely visit it! that is history right there
 ya I'll check it out, apparently it floated on the River Thames in England, I'll have to take a trip there, maybe it is still on the river
 ah interesting, have you ever played the guitar so hard that it set your speakers on fire like Eddie Van Halen did? haha
 yes that is a weird record to have, I wish I had a twin and did what two twins did in Japan: record a rap album when they turned 100 haha
 Yes, I'd even prefer to listen to the Jupiter radio storms than a Latin news program personally haha
 Ree? sounds like you hit the enter button early, I hate it when that happens
 I don't know what I would do since I would already be rich from all the other years.  I would certainly have some type of party.
 Hi, how are you?
 ya I wonder why they stopped! and I wonder why they wouldn't just use a computer or seomthing that seems like it could go wrong really quickly!
 Yeah. Plus a lot of stadiums have other things scheduled, like concerts. Wrigley field has a lot of those and that has to be tough to schedule around.
 I have not been there but I have seen their game on TV and it seems like a huge party! I wish our games were more fund.
 I do like the simpsons. Do you?
 That would be the episode "4 great women and a manicure" from season 20. 
 I am full of useless knowledge. It's a curse I wish I could monetize... I did not realize it at the time so... Not sure if it was on purpose or not...
 I never really got into space and the universe. Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, that is crazy. In our pockets we carry more information than our ancestors knew existed.
 Did you know Fox News almost made a channel that only showed the Simpsons? I really wish that existed.
 I think I heard about that.  They call it the highest court in the land.
 You too!
 Take care!
 Not really but they are something of an American tradition.  They've been around since August of 1949.
 I'm sure that is the episode Homer got a existential crisis from losing his sole reason for existing
 I like what Unicef is doing by donating a days worth of clean drinking water to needy kids for every minute one doesn't use their cell phones. Gives me a reason not to use mine!
 Sometimes rappers can be cute, though. Busta Ryhmes was the Reptar Wagon voice in a Rugrats movie. Have you seen it?
 I like music, drama and dance. How about you?
 Me too!! Which TV drama do you like the most?
 I like Big Bang Theory as well. I really don't like horror movies as well and I do hope one day they get banned from television and movie theaters to be honest.
 Yes. I use to play Nintendo when I was a kid. 
 I agree with you.  Anyway, I've got to run now.  It was really nice chatting with you.
 Hello!  Have you ever played the original nintendo system?
 Yes i did... long time ago!  I actually owned one.
 Me too!  The original system could only display 54 colors.  Systems have come a long way since then!
 Yeah they have! You ever play Atari?
 Yes I did!  Did you play one?
 No I didn't know that.  Where can I see that?  If you don't know that's ok.
 Not really sure.  I believe it's in production.
 Cool.  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 I didn't either.  lol  He got his big break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!
 Do you remember Ronald Reagan?
 Of course one of the greatest presidents ever!
 I agree.  Seems like everything was better then.  He was once rejected for a movie role because an executive thought he didn't have a presidential look to him.  Kind of ironic. lol
 That is so funny!!!  A definite in your face moment for sure!  LOL
 Yes lol  I'm not much of a horror movie fan, but apparently you can burn up more than 180 calories just watching one.
 Do you like Dramas?  I used to watch House and liked it.  Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor for tv at the time earning $700,000 per episode.  That's insane.
 Yeah, I like House too.. watched it when i could, but not a big TV watching person!
 I don't watch much of it anymore.  It was a pleasure chatting with you.  Have a good day!
 Hey.  I had one about 30 years ago if that counts lol.  Are you?
 Right!  It's all staged like wrestling lol.  
 Nope, they sure wouldn't want to hear that.  There would be riots!
 Yeah, maybe they thought it was a documentary or something lol.  Horror movies can be a lot of fun to watch.  
 Hello! 
 Hello! How are you? I just found out that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode!
 I'm doing well!! Isn't that crazy? I had no idea she was paid so high!! 
 Same here! I didn't know Lebron was the only one higher than her. 
 Same. In the same section, I didn't realize that Robin Williams was the first celebrity voice in an animated film. He did an amazing job as the Genie. 
 Yeah, especially in the early Disney films. I thought the same! It definitely makes sense for guests visiting the studio. 
 That is cool about Eminem. I wouldn't picture that from him! I also like the Korean compliment battles! Sounds nice haha
 Same here! I would love to go to a show featuring them! 
 Not really one that plays today. I always liked Jordan though.
 Yeah reggie could shoot. He was maybe the best ever at the three.
 That is pretty amazing. I heard reggie scored 40 that same night she went off for 105.
 That's funny. I bet people were really surprised at how good Cheryl was. I have seen her play she is really good.
 Yeah it was. I always liked Iverson. He could break some ankles out there. I actually had a pair of his shoes when I was in high school.
 Yeah I have seen it. I have always said I don't think anybody could beat Iverson one on one- nobody could stop him
 I have tried. I thought it was harder, but I guess if I practiced it i might be easier.
 Thats true. I could make 8 or 9 out of ten every time though. I would say someone like shaq probably should have tried granny style.
 Thats awesome. Lol. I wanna go play there.
 Im ready. Lol. Have a good one.
 The NBA is a professional league in North America consists of 30 team.
 The league was found on 1946, as the BAA , then the league adopted the NBA in 1949, the players are earning higher revenue than other sports.
 Sorry. Physicists proved that shooting "granny style" is the best technique to score point on the line.
 Celebrity is the public attention recorded by the mass medium to individuals or groups.
 Successful carriers in sports and entertainment is commonly associated with the celebrity status. The political leader is become celebrity if they are popular in News.
 Robin williams american actor and comedian, he also do stand-up comedy also. First actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.
 Williams was nominated four times for Academy award and winning the Best supporting actor award for his performance. The actor is know by his talent only.
 She is multi-talented person. She also hosted in several talk shows. In 2005, she was recognized as "One of the America most cherished entertainer".
 It is very interesting.
 Yes I satisfied.
 I have never played that one. I did hear that he sued them over it. 
 Well Lindsay it seems has made a new career after going after these frivolous lawsuits. In 2010 she sued Etrade and in 201 she sued a rapper for basically the same reason.
 That is crazy. I would have thought a bunch of celebs made more than Judge Judy.
 Yeah but her time ha passed I think. That was a long time ago when she was in the spotlight.
 I didn't know that. I can see it though. His raps were definitely mind blowing and made you think about stuff.
 Yes he was. Did know know that McDonalds was paying rappers 5 dollars every time the referenced big macs. Wonder how much Tupac made off that deal.
 That would be some med up comic books huh. 
 Aunt may would have taken on a whole new twist in ems version. Lol.
 Ha! No kidding! And also regarding Eminem, did you hear about the judge trying a suit filed against him that delivered the ruling in the form of a rap? That is hilarious!
 I didn't hear that. That would be funny to hear in a court room though. It would certainly lighten the mood.
 My guess it was after. Lol. I don't think rap was a big thing till the 80. Certainly not big enough for McDonalds to pay them to reference big macs. This conversation has made me hungry. Lol.
 Hello,  do you like rap music?
 Yes, that's funny. It shows that the genre is neutral, and can be used to say whatever you want.
 yeah he was amazing in that movie! great role for him.  Have you seen the preview s of the new Aladdin live action film?
 yeah i think it is coming out this year. 
 Hi! Who is your favorite celerity?
 No. Tell me about it. Did she break into Pixar's secret celebrity room again?
 Digital ambulance chasing... "oh, look, it is a celebrity in a bikini wearing sunglasses...it must be you."  Lawyers live off the misery of their clients, and if no misery exists, they create it... Hey, maybe Judge Judy can help on this one?
 Good for her. I just hope she doesn't lose her marbles because of newfound celebrity status!  Burnett was great!  She was the 1st celeb to make an appearance n Sesame Street.
 That is class behavior!  I like it when celebs support good causes, centered in reality.  But sometimes the fame goes to their heads and they make strange statements.  Like the Ethiopian celeb chef who thinks he can solve the country's hunger problems by encouraging people to eat.  Really?  
 Cars have come a long way since then!  I wonder what they will be like in another 100 years?  Maybe they will all have flame-throwers like the ones that are legal in South Africa?
 Yeah. Strange. I like how McDonalds created the drive through to accommodate servicemen who could not exit their vehicles in fatigues. Nice idea, and now it helps everyone!
 Nice.  I will leave you with this thought: If John Mardenborough can become a race car driver by playing Gran Turismo, what will playing Super Mario do for us?"
 Hi, how are you?
 I thought he did a great job as Genie. I am into voice actors for shows so I did know that.
 Nice chatting with you!
 wow, that's nice. so can i ask a question
 what is the name of the first president of the united states
 nice, correct. yea, my cousin stays there..and you?
 wow, just learned that. That's so cool
 yea, its hard to believe but look how it turned out. nice
 not at all. wow, i will check it up online.
 yeah pretty impressive. nice chat
 That is crazy, and I remember reading that one band that made money by releasing a silent album. They had their twitter followers put it on repeat while they were sleeping lol
 Yeah, they made $20,000 from the scheme.
 Speaking of radio, I thought it was funny that canadian law requires 40% of all radio music to be of canadian origin
 Haha maybe Jupiter has aliens that require 40% of Jupiter radio to be of Jupiter origin, I wonder what they sound like
 Ha! Maybe WWII soldiers would listen in with their foxhole radios? They used to make them with a razor blade and a pencil as the diode. Crazy.
 Ha I did not know that until today. I don't even know how they do that because it would have to be backed up like every second. I also like knowing there is cell service on top of mount everest in case I climb up there and want to take a selfie
 I just read the line about the 3 horizontal lines on websites being called a hamburger, now I'm hungry haha
 Speaking of food, Olive Garden is discontinuing their "Buy One Take One" promotion. No more carbo-loading I guess.
 Ha that's too bad I do like loading up on carbs and getting puffy from time to time, I've never really eaten at chipotle but after seeing the outbreak situation and the subsequent lawsuit, I probably never will now 
 I don't but streamers like APple and Spotify also saw their revenues rise. WOuld be nice if they would pay more to the artists.
 Do you ever use Spotify? 
 I do, it's actually pretty great. You can find almost anything on there. It has 4 million songs that haven't even been played once.
 I didn't know that! A musician needs to get about 130k plays a day to get minimum wage. That seems like a lot to me.
 That's really interesting. He's got a lot of good ideas. Do you like listening to the radio?
 I don't listen to it too much after getting Spotify. Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong they can be picked up by an AM radio.
 That's interesting. I wonder what kind of music Canada prefers. Do you ever read the full terms when purchasing something?
 I don't think I ever do. I'm glad i'm not the only one! Did you know there is internet on the top of mt. everest?
 I feel like a lot of people are probably addicted and don't even know it. 
 I never knew that! Thanks for chatting! Bye!
 I am sure that the chinese gangs of many shirts of popped collars would be quite terrifying to see in your neighborhood as well. 
 Even scarier would be if they were all just kids with guns.
 That's about what I was picturing. I hope they don't go and do anything silly at Billy Mays funeral, all the people in their blue shirts and khakis were looking stylish. 
 In my honest opinion, it would be much better if they were wearing Hawaiian official business attire which is an Aloha shirt.
 Yeah that;s true, then again the more and more I see of people in my age range it seems like their definitons of what qualifies as a "shirt" doesnt meet mine either lol
 That's true I hadn;t thought of that. I personally like russians with their ushankas dancing to russian hard bass. 
 Hello. What do yo think about racial profiling? I think if you are going to profile, you shouldn't race to do it...
 With difficult questions like this, I like to ask myself, "What would President Banana, the first president of Zimbabwe, do?" 
 Until 1805, the runner up in the US president's race would automatically become VP. If that rule weere still true, the VP would be Hillary. I am sure the tone in Washington would be so much better if that would be the case.
 Then they could all sing songs together, and release pop albums with their songs of unity, like the President of Indonesia.
 Sorry about my cynicism. I binge-watched "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and it brought out my inner curmudgeon. I should just mellow out and put on the official business attire of Hawaii, the Aloha Shirt!
 I gotta tip my hat to old Larry David. Seinfeld, and then Curb... Quite a track record. You know, tiipping one's hat originated from the custom of knights to lift their face shields to show friendliness. I tip my hat to you friend. 
 There's a fashion trend to consider... As is the most popular hat in the old west--not the cowboy hat as you might imagine---but the old Bowler hat!  I think society would be much friendlier if we all wore bowler hats!
 Yeah, I get the same reaction when I wear my dunce cap out in public. Smiles and laughter from everyone I see. Some confuse it with a party hat and an intention to behave foolishly, but my dunce hat is a serious fashion statement which says, "I'm and idiot." I wear it with pride.
 If you do, you'll never wear your top hat again with tails! That is unless they bring back that old british parlamentary rule that required brit politician to wear Top hats if making a point of order. I say all the politicians should join me and proudly wear their dunce caps! We are laughing at them anyway!
 Nice...as are you! Thanks for the friendly banter, and hats off to you!
 I must now depart and go and wear my hat with pride. You could guess my profession from my hat. It's a Captains hat. I play with bathtub boats for a living. chow.
 Yes I too have learned a lot and enjoyed our conversation. Bye!
 You too!
 Yes. Apparently, he is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama - $700k per episode.  Have you ever seen House?
 Yes I do.  I enjoy watching Big Bang Theory and Saturday Night Live.
 I actually like the new Magnum PI.  It has action, drama, and comedy.
 I used to watch a lot of reruns from the 90s, like friends and seinfeld
 I think it is funny that myspace had a chance to buy facebook back in 2005 but they declined
 Now the company is worth over 100 billion and just going up further
 Not as much as horror but I do like them. It's funny Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore. I loved the Truman show.
 It was good talking to you!
 Yes, I do too.  My favorite actor was Jim Carrey since I was a child.  I admire that he now chooses not to be in a movie that doesn't project positivity. 
 I like the two masks associated with drama.  I remember seeing that growing up and I thought it was an interesting symbol.
 I liked the show 3rd rock from the sun.  I watched that show a lot growing up.
 You too.  Take care.
 But imagine the election process. Having to gather up a bunch of orgs to support him... sounds too stressful.
 Oh man... but his resume would probably look killer with all his titles. 
 I'm the president?
 for sure!  If Jay-z was ever elected maybe him and the president of indonesia can get together and make an album?
 have big ole parties in the presidential guest house!
 well, it's a free country and they can run in an election if they wanted
 hmmmmm... probably pretty big... he could tour the country performing while campaigning
 Na... he would just pay someone to do that
 Could possibly be the richest president ever.... even more than Washington?
 Oh myyyyy.... they could probably buy a country
 Yeah, I like that. Well, I think it's time for bed. Nice talking to you!
 Indeed. Have a good night!
 Hello!
 I love comedy! My favorite genre of movies. How about you?
 Yes they have, unfortunately! Such a great comedy show. I also like watching reruns of 3rd Rock from the Sun. But really loved Seinfeld!
 I know! I have seen every episode of Friends. I still watch it when I can, such a great show. I have an App on my telephone that I can watch certain shows, especially while traveling by plane.
 All great places to travel to! I would like to go to so many countries...and a few states on the east coast.
 I live on the west coast but have not been past Illinois lol...love it out here though.
 Oh, wow. I am originally from the midwest and moved west to get away from the snow lol...too cold! But the Ocean is amazing. Do you live by the water?
 That's nice! I need to travel to Florida, I have never been there but have friends I video chat with on my phone so I get to see some of it lol. I hope you have an amazing day! Great chat! bye :)
 Yes I did! I actually work in a hospital so that was my top med drama ever! 
 That is true, well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 I like her.  I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
 That is true. And on the other hand you have Tim Duncan who decided to stay in school and sacrificed money doing so and then went on to play at the NBA.
 Yeah apparently they do. I like swimming and volleyball the most. It was nice chatting with you, have a good one.
 Same here and have a great one
 Wow. What an interesting fact. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot today.
 I agree. Some nba players aren't as talented or lucky though. I think it was smart of Tim Duncan of the Spurs to stay in college for four more years instead of going directly to the NBA
 He also raises money for charity though. He raised six million dollars by televising "the decision"
 wow that is not cool at all. nice chat
 You too!  Have a good evening!
 Haha. The president of Indonesia released three pop albums while in office. Talk about multitasking!
 Definitely, Trump has a net worth of 3.1 billion dollars, which is much higher than the other three US presidents.
 Yes, at least I think so. I guess it was one of the best romatic comedies in years!
 Me too! Step brothers is one of my favorites too! I guess Will Farrel in general...
 Gross and true story... I have slipped and damn near broke a few bones by slipping on st bernard dog poop. I understand the struggle!
 Really? What award? It wasn't funny. The rebellion is nothing to joke about!
 There's a lot of worthy movies that make you laugh and think. Don't ask for an example because I cannot think of one off the top of my head. 
 DANGIT! How about Best in Show? Or forgetting sarah marshall?
 Or, my last one, Bridesmaids. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes!  He thinks that his Kung Fu Hustle is "The supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".  I don't think I've ever seen it.
 Whew.  Probably for all the special animal effects.  lol  The Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black.  That probably would have been good.
 I know.  I'm not sure why they changed it up.  Did you like 3rd Rock from the Sun when it was on tv in the 1990s?
 I liked Friends too along with Seinfeld and Frasier, which 3rd rock beat out all 3 of those shows in 1997 to win the Golden Globe for best comedy series!
 Crazy.  I was surprised to find out Comedy Central was created in 1989.  I don't remember seeing it until the mid 90s.
 lol  Nice.  They cancelled over 100 shows also since they were created.
 I never knew that.  That's pretty neat.  He must be older than I thought he was.
 I haven't seen one in years now.  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Ok.  I have to get going too.  You also have a great day!
 Yeah that is true, Jordan owns most of the Hornets these days.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 Yes! Of course! I wish pro basketball players made the granny style shot famous, I want to see someone incorporate that technique during one of the games.
 Man he has made so much money but it was a good show for sure. nice chatting with you
 I wonder what they called them. President Gyro? In Zimbabwe the first president was called President Banana.
 Yep that makes me concerned too. I'm also concerned that Jay Z wrote a song for the Space Jam soundtrack LOL. That sounds crazy but awesome
 Yeah I never dug Snoop's whole schtick. I've been listening to Jay-Z since Reasonable Doubt.
 Hey, do you like basketball?
 Same here, I don't really like watching, mainly because I don't understand. aha Lebron James seems like a cool dude, he raised 6 million for charity.
 That crazy! I think Judge Judy makes 123,000 an episode, so that is still a lot of money.
 Wow, that is insane. I believe reebok offered him a deal when he was 18 and he rejected because he thought nike or adidas would offer more. He was right and made 90 million from nike!
 Oh really, I didn't know that, awesome!
 He was in the Olympics? Wow, so cool.
 Oh yeah, meant to mention that, it is! I'm not sure if it's on air anymore though.
 Well sometimes I listen to radio online and recently found out that there is a website where you can hear classic radio episodes.
 That is good to know, I'll have to check it out sometime. Have you ever seen the Transporter movies?
 More like action, but it stars Jon Hamm, he taught his old high school drama class. He had ellie kemper in his class (erin from the office).
 Yeah totally! haha
 Hello! Are you excited for March Madness next month?
 Of course! It's not flashy enough! It's not sexy. I remember watching Jordan 'play' in Space Jam ages ago. It was flashy and fun to watch him. Did you know that they signed LeBron for a Space Jam 2?
 Doesn't surprise me to be honest. The man has guts and doesn't care. I know LeBron did something sort of similar - he rejected a sponsorship from Reebok and just held out for Nike. Basketball players seem to really love the flashy lifestyle
 And he was worth every penny! I can't believe that he's from the UK originally - his accent is so convincing. I know that the director actually had no idea he wasn't american at first!
 And that everybody lies!
 Yeah I think its a funny style, what about it?
 Just go in, tell them you have an experiment to do...
 Good morning. Are you a fan of the NBA.
 Yeah, but it is nice that one is in Canada though.
 Im not really sure. Did you hear about cheryl miller scoring 105 points in one game.
 I dont see the big deal in playing on Christmas day. I mean if you were playing a sport for a living and making a lot of money wouldnt you feel like every day was christmas.
 Ha ha that's a really good point. I'm sure Lebron James feels like every day is Christmas. He got a contract from Nike for $90 million.
 Oh I saw a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of class radio dramas. 
 Wow that is a lot. What is it called? I would love to take Patrick Stewart's drama master class someday.
 Im not sure the website name. Michael caine took acting classes because all the pretty girls in his school took them.
 You to Have a great day.
 Nice one. JIm Carrey has moved away from doing dramas lately
 Yes, and you? Love the NBA!
 Hello - how are you?
 good morning, I'm doing just great. having my morning coffee. how about yourself?
 I do watch Fox News. It's the only channel I really watch. What about you?
 It was good talking to you!
 haha i bet too. nice chat
 Yes, 750 episodes for one show only.  That's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.  Anyway, it's getting late.  It was nice chatting with you.  Good night.
 Same here have a good night. 
 Yes very cool. I have been there. Everything was so mellow and relaxing there.
 Very cool. All back in 1975, a lot was going on in the 70's!
 First time since 1846! But when will the next one be? Let me know when you find out and until then...see ya later!
 that would not be good! And ya I would use the flame thrower right now to melt the snow on my lawn!
 haha ya, it seems so obvious! It's nice though because it was created to help out military men and make it easier for them to get McDonalds
 Of course! I really want to travel to Japan or Iceland but Iceland seems difficult if it doesn't have public transportation systems, I have to fly domestic flights in between major towns. Do you enjoy traveling?
 Yes, me too, I think my charging cables and devices take up about half my backpack and that's not including the other 'essentials'! That is super fast! I once traveled on a high speed rail before that went above 160mph and I couldn't even feel it, it actually felt slow
 Doing good, thanks for asking.  Yes, I do, NWA's Straight Out Of Compton.
 Yes, I did.  You know it was the first album to reach Platinum status without support of airplay or a major tour.
 Yes, it is.  I love it too.
 I think it is in South Africa, that's funny.
 That's right, crazy.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to go walk my dog.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
 You too!
 Bye!
 That's pretty cool the Japanese Prime Minister commemorates a citizens 100 birthday.
 Well, it's almost time to start thinking about who we're voting for in 2020 is what I meant. Did you know that astronauts can even vote from space?
 I wonder, too. I wonder who I'll end up voting for. I do love to exercise my right to choose.
 I did not know that- it's quite sad. Sometimes, I wonder how some presidents are elected! I guess the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums so far. I wish our president was as cool as that.
 Yes, the times have changed for sure. Moral of the story, this is why it's important to vote!
 Agree!
 I know it blows my mind that just changing the words around a little bit can change the meaning so much. 
 Same here, its a real addiction and I love it!
 I hope you have a great day as well and thanks for all the info its really appriciated bye
 Hello,I was just thinking about the golden globe awards.Did you happen to watch the awards?
 That is a good point.She may have had personal reasons such as the mysterious practice of Scientology.
 Tom cruise has some strange ideas anyways.I guess he spent 10 million on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens.
 I wonder why he is dislikes in Paris.That is sort of amusing seeing how is a such a celebrity here.
 Yes Tom was busy in his younger days.He was in many iconic films.such as Top Gun.and the Color of Money.
 He was good in the film Born on the Fourth of July and Rain Man.
 Yes he received the Golden Globe for the film.He has won several awards in his career.
 That reminds me, he was also in The Last Samurai which is a movie that I really enjoy.  I think I will go watch it again.  Thanks for chatting about Tom Cruise movies with me.  I may even go see what other movies he has been in that I haven't seen yet.
 Hello! Do you like watching movies?
 I do too! What is your favorite genre?
 Oh cool! I wish I took Jon Hamm's drama class in high school, I'd be somewhere today!
 Yes I do like to travel.  I'm from Michigan, have you ever been to Mackinac Island?
 I have not but I learned they have prohibited motorized vehicles for a long time, I wonder how is that?
 I have been to the island and it is really small and the roads are narrow.  At least they do not need to pay tolls.  Do you pay tolls where your from?
 It seems like they would encourage less travel since it costs 300 to cross the country.
 Probably, but I think is worth doing it at least once. I am curious also to try a bus the dutch are designing!
 I would think the dutch bus would be dangerous to go on.  160mph would be something to experience but not on a bus.
 Yes, that is pretty fast! A great place to travel to would be mount everest! And suprisingly somehow there is some cell service up there!
 Interesting that they have 3g cell service up there.  I would imagine you will sit and wait for pages to load.  I don't know if the 3 horizontal line menu would not load.  Did you know that this is called the hamburger button?
 I was unaware of this as well.  I use the internet a lot but not enough to cause a real addiction of the brain, which is a real thing.
 Well if the internet ever goes down, you can go to the library of alexandria where there is a copy of the internet.
 good to know!  People really click fast when using the internet. almost nobody reads terms and conditions when getting something on the internet
 Just like only 7% of people actually read the full terms when buying a product on the internet.
 I think we should balance and keep the good habit of really reading and filling our brains with creativity!
 Back in the 18th century, reading was considered a moral panic.  Now I try to get my kids to read as much as possible.
 that is so funny, reading of novels was dangerous for society back then. I really love reading. For me is the best way of getting real knowledge
 Did you know the world record for reading is 4700 words per minute.  You could finish a lot of books reading that fast.
 amazing, the talented Anne Jones has that record! Well, it was very nice talking to you. I hope you have a nice day
 Same to you!
 Good bye!
 Yes, but it also outlines how rich were JFK, Washington and Jefferson lol
 Yeah, I've actually visited both in my life time. Pretty cool stuff. Well nice chatting with you!
 That's a good question LOL maybe they could ask him to perform one of his famous three pop albums for them over the telephone LOL
 Sounds good I will.  It was nice talking with you as well, I hope you enjoy the rest of the night. 
 I actually was on a political website recently where they used red for Democrats and blue for Republicans; it was very confusing
 I hear that Jupiterian (Jovian?) music is really good too
 Hahah must be why AM radio is so popular ;)
 Haha it sounds like it could be entertaining for a minute. I'll have to look one up after this! It looks like we've made it through all of our turns though. Good talking with you!
  Hey yes I definitely enjoy rap music a it incorporates so many things and can be performed in a variety of ways.
 hello!so do you like rap music? Or Cardi B?
 Definitely you can! But when she was asked initially they asked are you ready for a baby...she said kinda..sorta. But she's making the right choice! She has a lot of political views so that answer started stirred feelings...
 I would have to say Tupac as well. He was and is amazing. His music is actually saved in a library of congress!
 Exactly, now he can do anything he wants. One time a judge handed down her ruling to Eminem in the form of a Rap song....that had to be funny.
 Right! I agree. Speaking of funny did you know the U.S presidents through history who had a beard were Republican?? That's odd. Maybe the Republicans and Democrats can get together and do a new Rap freestyle called a compliment battle and play it on the radio, that would be interesting! I hope you have a great day! Nice chatting! Bye
 same here, a lot of people care about such things and what celebrities say, for example Amanda Prestigiacomo wrote in the conservative daily wire about Cardi B  giving a pro life speech so people definitely care  
 lol almost the same here, well with the beard thingie, you know whats weird, every US president with a beard has been a republican, so since Its more of a republican thing to say America First i though Having a beard would not only be Republican but also american lol
 I know - I researched it because you asked me about it.
 hahaaaaa, yeah its funny but true, lol 
 I have a grandson that just turned a year old on the 24th and loves music! 
 I was aware of that as I love the Nutcracker and go ever year to see it during the holidays. 
 I binge watch it all the time in the winter months.  From 9 PM to 12 PM it accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America!
 I know right?  Combined with Youtube they both make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America too.  Crazy numbers.
 I'm surprised that people still get the dvd service through the mail.  I don't think I know anyone that does that anymore.
 Wow.  I can't believe Blockbuster declined several times to buy Netflix for $50 million.  Big mistake on their part.
 They must have really mad him mad!  lol  Switching gears..did you ever watch the drama House by any chance?
 Crazy.  Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class.
 Ok.  It was nice chatting with you.  I have to get going.  Have a good day!
 I sure love my Netflix too, especially on a rainy and lazy day and we wouldn't have the phrase "Netflix and Chill". He used a device? That's surprising, wonder who spilled the beans on that! My baby nephew really does dance spontaneously when he hears music but don't see him smile with it, I smile at his funny dance moves though.
 Yeah, he sure didn't rap about it in his music that he was a ballet dancer. Have a good day!
 Not sure actually. But I do know that it's a great show, have you ever seen it? Hugh Laurie does a great job
 Love you too. And make sure to try to dance, I'm sure that if you started ballet you would definitely go through less than four pairs of shoes in a week LOL
 And then Nixon broke it! First watergate and then gavels. This man is a monster!
 The sexism and racism of white men in the country is really staggering. Wear what ever you want...
 No. Nice chatting with you!
 Did you know that there is a tradition since 1968 that there is desk for members filled with candy bars?
 That is funny. The president of Indonesia release 3 pop albums while in office. So funny!
 Omg yes it was a new years tradition in my 20's its like drinking gasoline
 That right there is a deadly combination in itself its a recipe for embarrasment. I once called my exes parents 3am while i was blacked out they couldnt hear me because of the loud music thankfully lol
 Have you ever seen the videos of mark zuckerberg at a bbq where he just behaves like a robot in front of the camera lol
 I would definitely give up 10 non active accounts for a nice whopper and a sprite lol 
 Have an awesome day my friend
 Hes probably inspiration to all those kids who play video games endlessly. did you know its legal in south africa to equip your car with flamethrowers to prevent carjacking lol
 Yes. It is amazing. The amount of technology that we have and the speed in which we are obtaining it blows ones mind. I still don't understand how half of the stuff that we have now a days even works.
 So, have you ever heard of Everclear. It's an alcoholic beverage.
 I'm afraid I don't have ten people to unfriend. My kids demanded that I get on facebook but I am constantly getting messages that if I don't become more active my account will be inactivated. I feel so excluded. I don't feel the need to spew my life out into the nether world.
 Maybe you'll come up with another idea sometime. Well, I have to get going here. It was very nice chatting with you.
 Are you a fan of the NFL?
 I'm a big fan.  Surprised to find out that there's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay during an average game.
 Out of the 32 teams my favorite is the Pittsburgh Steelers because my family comes from the central part of the state.
 Yes. I'm surprised that we haven't seen a female NFL player yet since there's no written rule against them playing.  I figured maybe a kicker or punter would have been a good fit. 
 Interesting.  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the lifetime earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.  Probably because of the longer career an engineer has.
 I never noticed that.  But, now that you mention it you're right!  Do you like Tom Brady at all?
 I do like him. He's great!
 I agree.  Surprised he was originally a 6th round draft pick in 2000.  He is considered the biggest steal in the history of the NFL draft due to be drafted at such a low round.
 I can understand. Plus his wife makes double what he makes. He should try harder and make more money.
 lol Yes.  He has an odd quirk where he has never eaten a strawberry in his entire life.
 lol right?  Patriots coach Bill Belichick always lists Brady on the injury report every week even though he shows no signs of being injured.  Probably to play a mental mind game with the upcoming opponent.
 I never realized that all of the games were that close.  Brady is 1 of only 2 quarterbacks to ever win the Super Bowl in their first season as a starter.
 That's right!  It was nice chatting with you!
 Hello - how are you today?
 Great. Did you check out the Super Bowl?
 I watched until half time. It was pretty boring. What about you?
 I watched the whole thing. Looks like the only player than can beat Brady is Eli.
 What about Elisha Manning?!!
 Wow! No wonder Brady is hardly ever injured...no matter what Bill Belichick says
 Who needs strawberries when you have such a great wife like Giselle? 
 She brings home the bucks too. Makes more than double of Tom. Net worth 400M
 Well I think women are smarter than men.  ;)
 Yeah. Brady was number 50 or something. Kurt Warner had to go to the cfl. Then he came to the nfl and won in his first year
 Almost as odd as the speed limit at ole miss
 It was good talking with you!
 I said the same. Did you know the guest house of the president is bigger than the white house?
 OMG it came through slow sorry! silly me! Ddi you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?
 I would say so!!  How do you like the idea that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 I agree they never would. Our planet does need that type of chaos. Hard to believe five planets are visible to the naked eye.
 That's crazy! There's a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree Fahrenheit weather. 
 Oh, I have not heard of a Kelper telescope. What is that all about?
 Have a great day!
 Only enough to know that Disney offers people 30K to say "Im going to Disney World", lol
 I think that rule is just wrong at every level, totally agree with you on that.
 I prefer football over the other three major north american sports leagues.
 The Manning family is clearly talented. I appreciate that women are technically allowed to play.
 I like it! I think it instills fierce competition.
 Ole Miss loves the Mannings. Their campus speed limit has reflected their jersey numbers, 18 and 10 mph.
 Eli could have gone to a more scholastic school since he has a genius level IQ.
 Very true! Maybe he wanted the fame and to follow in dad's footsteps.
 for sure! Have a great day!
 Same as you.  I use youtube for most of my online entertainment
 I know.  I am addicted to youtube because it has so many interesting videos that I could watch for hours.
 By the way, nice chatting with you.  Have a nice holiday
 I think he may be the greatest quarterback of all time. When you look at some of the other quarterbacks in the league right now like Blake Bortles or Nick Foles, I don't know who is going to be the next generation of great quarterbacks. 
 Yeah, although a guy with a pedigree like that is hard to come by. When your dad is Archie Manning and your brother is Peyton Manning, you almost have to be a quarterback. 
 It worked for him. He and Peyton were both number 1 picks in the draft and both won Super Bowls. The Giants got lucky when they got him from the Chargers. 
 I think that's part of why Tom Brady has been so good. He's been able to play with the same team and coach his whole career. That's part of the advantage of going to eight Super Bowls, I guess. 
 He's been through the playoffs so many times, what is there to say, really? He knows it's how you play on the field. 
 That's true...I think she makes twice what he does a year. It's crazy to think that, if you were an engineer, you'd make more money over your lifetime than an NFL player. 
 That's for sure...thanks!
 Thank you, you too!
 Bye!
 Yeah. Nice chatting with you!
 Hopefully one day we will find life on another planet somewhere! Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good day!
 Same here, have a good one
 Interesting.  He learned to drive a the age of 3!  Crazy.
 The country is so secluded and secretative that not knowing that does't come as surprise.  He was voted sexiest man alive by the Onion.  That's hilarious.
 I agree.  Never hear about things like that.  I wonder if he ever will visit the US.  If he did I wonder if he would stay in the US President's guest house, which is larger than the White House?
 Makes you wonder how he would find the time for that?  
 It must be pretty big then?
 That is interesting.  Planet Uranus rotates sideways and "rolls" around the sun rather than spinning like the other planets.
 Wow.  That is interesting.  Could you imagine being on there?  lol
 Not sure what it would be.  Hopefully it wouldn't be like the one planets that has shards of glass percipitating sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree heat!
 Interesting!  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a good one!
 I am.  I still buy compact discs instead of downloading songs
 It was my daughter's favorite then but I enjoyed listening to their songs too.
 It was a good song.  She is 33 but still keeps the CD.
 Yes I do.  I wonder what Linkin park band members are doing now.
 I think I still have their discography somewhere on my hard drive ;) sure, a night of Linking Park ;)
 Music makes me happy.
 YES ! :) it's the universal language for the soul... sometimes You don't even have to understand all the words to know You love a song :)
 You are right.  Do you listen to any radio station?  I am still amazed with radio and tv technology.
 I guess its something... ;) way over our heads :) lol
 you too :)
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 There is a dunk contest, skills challenge and then the game. I like the competitions a lot more than the game itself. Do you enjoy the competitions?
 That was a really good one. Many think Dominique Wilkins got robbed! I am from Chicago and think they got it right...
 They can. LeBron has a lifetime deal with Nike for a $1B!!!
 Yeah. I really like LeBron. I know he gets a bad rap but very few child stars turn out as great as he has. 
 Not yet. He is still at Duke and will not be eligible for that until after the NCAA tournament, if he wants to stay eligible to play in college.
 Yup! Nice chatting with you!
 Do you watch the NBA at all?
 I do watch it but not often. What is your favorite NBA team?
 Yes. You're correct, 29 of those teams are in the United States and 1 in Canada.
 I agree part with you on this point. You're correct that initially he lost millions in endorsement contracts but he made those millions back and then some by playing for the Spurs.
 You're right on this point. Do you happen to know when NBA league was founded?
 Thanks. It was great chatting with you as well. Thanks
 Hey there. I am not a big fan of Facebook. I can see some upside for people at times.
 HAHA, I will win a year's supply of burger, I guess.lol 
 Oh man, I am not one of those people. I wish I was though. 
 Yeah, me too . I would like to get off the grind for a day. I like to listen to music in my spare time. I really like Linkin Park.
 Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun information.
 Hello - going great - what about you? 
 The workaround is called "Efail" with a capital E. Apparently its the way encryption is used that is the problem..not the encryption software itself
 Yeah..if you can't fly a space shuttle it ain't the shuttle's fault
 Rocket science, computer science...it all goes over my head! Unless it's video games.
 yeah...better to just pick up a book. It allows for more creativity
 I don't know, computers can be great tools for creativity! Ever hear about Google's first computer? They built the case out of lego!
 They should try Eggo. Wonder if that would void the warranty...like smoking does
 Well, transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers...so anything's possible
 LOL. Their brains are already infected. someone call 911, or 212 if its faster
 What would you even tell the operator? "Help, my friend's brain has a virus! ...no like, an email virus! ....yes really!!"
 Ha! I guess people thought the same about readers at some point. IN the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of reading novels.
 maybe they were reading terrible poetry and laughing
 Or maybe they were describing some of the illustrations on those old illuminated manuscripts!
 ha ha. great talking with you
 I'm pretty sure he's a robot.
 Perhaps. Are we on Zuck 2.0 yet?  
 Terminate!
 He could track you down even to the top of Everest!
 What's the point of scaling the tallest mountain of the world if I can make duck face and post it on the Gram over my 3g connection?? Are we animals??!! 
 I'm also glad The Library of Alexandria has saved all my cat pictures in it in case the world pukes on itself and we lose the global internet.
 True, thank heavens for our robot overlords! Yeah great chat! Hopefully we've solved all the world's major problems.
 cya!
 That was a long time ago.     Where are the headquarters of Facebook?
 I heard they are based in Melo Park, California.    Do you know when the site was first launched?
 That is pretty modern of them.    I wonder if that would've happened had they gone with their plan to call like the awesome button.
 I think the guys were named Sergey Brin and Larry Page.
 Thanks for the chat!    I'm going to go bid on one of those nooglers beanies on the web!     Have a good one!
 haha good or them, bio. nice chat
 I just wanted to try that, but all the people on that list are there for a reason :) lol
 Nice talking...:) bye
 He lived a long life though, 99!
 Yeah it would be worth the drive. He was behind the historic preservation movement for Key West.
 Oooh.. I think I know this one.  Because old cares used to have wooden trunks on the back?
 Did you know the trunk is called that because we used to have wooden trunks in the back of them?
 Probably not!  Lol oh well, they certainly benefited from it well, though!
 Did you ever play the game Gran Turismo. I heard Jann Mardenborough became a professional racer just by being good at the game
 Do you like to follow celebrities? Did you know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street?
 Same here , have a good one
 Really, I go when I can. David was born there on 1919. He certainly had vision!
 His grandfather came on the 19th century, in the 1880's, from Russia. But Key west does not have a Russian spirit at all. It is very tropical.
 Yes, they worked hard.it wa not easy because Key West was hit badly by a hurricane but the determination was there
 Strength through adversity.     What college did Wolkowsky attend?
 He actually left his legacy there too, rehabilitating properties as well. Di you know he purchased an island about 8 mile from Key west?
 No, I did not know that.    Which one?    Ballast Key?
 Yes, you got it. He did by it to protect it. He did not like seeing people cutting mangroves that took a long time to grow. 
 Well, he paid for it! He could not have lived to see the change because five years have to pass after a person dies before a name change could be considered!
 He opened the pier house in 1968 and it is said that that was a turning point for key west!
 Do you know any other people who died in 2018?
 Ok, it was so nice chatting with  you, have a nice day!
 Yes they are so cool! I love seahorses, they are the only fish that have a neck!
 Not too sure what language he spoke. It was good chatting with you today. Take care.
 That is so weird and it's hard to keep track of. Interestingly the 15% of the tea party movement identified with Democrats. Well it was great talking with you today have a nice one.
 Have a good afternoon and eat fish, it is healthy. 
 Let me guess: JFK, Washington, and Grover Cleveland?
 Right...Did you know that in Guatemala, close relatives of their former Presidents are not allowed to run for president? If that were true in the US, then Hilliary would not even have been allowed to run. Unless you make the case that SHe and Bill were never "close"?
 Gungam style? I would like to hear Trump put out a pop album. I'm sure it would be "huge"
 The media and Presidents sure have come far! Lincoln was the first Pres to be photographed for his inauguration. It was a little ominous that John Wilkes Booth was in that photo...
 The zebrafish? Zebras have necks... Is this the same species of fish that lives it's entire adult life on land?
 Yeah. Weirdly fascinating...like jellyfish!  You know, jellies are 98% water, so they evaporate in the sun?
 I guess the sun can end a Jellyfish's immortality like it can challenge a vampire's immortality...
 Yes that is very true. It was very nice chatting with you :)
 Yes I do have a Facebook account. I mostly just use it for remembering birthdays though haha what about you
 Same here and for the same reason haha. I can't believe Myspace turned down the offer to buy it for 75 million dollars in 2005.
 Yes me too. It's sad we've come to that haha. I thought it was funny when Burger King had the promotion where you could get a free whopper if you unfriended 10 friends. I would be eating so good haha.
 And we all know how the news on Facebook is.... too sad! Crazy how far internet has come. Did you know you can get cell service on top of Mt. Everest?
 I've done it once or twice how about you? The clicking of too many links can cause addiction in the brain so I stay away from that too much .
 Yeah I'll try to do that, but I am probably addicted to the internet haha. Maybe I should move to Finland because in that country everyone has a guaranteed right to internet access
 Interesting! Or move to France and act as a government official and sell the eiffel tower that a guy did before, twice!
 I feel like the United States should do that too. Where are you located? They could just make 86 percent of Nevada into casinos since the US owns it.
 Well I live in Michigan, so luckily I don't think the government owns 86% of the land here haha. But I have been to Nevada and I'm going there in March, we're going to Las Vegas actually
 Have you been before? I like Las Vegas. I'm sure you can search for things there with the button called the hamburger button on your cell phone.
 I don't, what is a neopet?
 Oh that's right! I can't believe 7 percent of people read the full terms when buying a product. I figured it would be 1 percent!
 I believe it! Have a good one!
 Well, I guess travel really can be defined by foot, bicycle, automobile, train, boat, bus or plane. All types seem to be needed depending on the place and time.
 Nice chatting with you too! Going to watch Fox News when we are finished lol
 Bye!
 II enjoy learrning about distant lands a far away places, but I do not enjoy th e act of traveling itself. I would enjoy it of somebody took my gnome statue with them n their next rip as long as they brought it back with pictures.
 That was funny.  Apparently, the Dutch government is building a commuter bus designed to travel at 160 miles per hour.  I would not want to ride on that type of bus.
 I'll wait for the development of transporters...Beam me up Scotty! Fast buses are an improvement, especially since airfare these days is slower than it used to be!
 I'd walk... You know, years ago, travelers on ships would release rabbits on islands the visit, to seed them for future harvest as meals for the next travelers to come that way. Since Japan is a big island, I wonder if they have a few extra rabbit you can eat as you drive across country?
 Oh, no! I was going to visit there in the spring and bring my tank... Oh, well. Maybe we can get Fox news to sue them!  After all, they'll sue anyone...they sued the Simpsons!
 Apparently,, they merely threatened a lawsuit to stop the Simpsons from running a parody of the news network. We live in litigious society!
 They say the average age of a Fox News viewer is 68. Ironically, that is also the IQ of the average TV news anchor on any network!
 I'll bet that's a money maker!  You know, there is a website where you can go to listen to thousands of classic radio dramas?  Radio is a media I can get behind!
 Yes, you can listen for free.  I like free stuff.
 Yup. I enjoy old radio shows. You know, in 1948, over half of music being played on the radio was Bing Crosby? Now that is popularity!
 Nice!  I wonder if that is where they got the iea for that radio station that translates solar activity into sound, and plays it on th radio as solar music?
 Richard Nixon and Richard Peabody?
 Close enough.  Who is Peabody anyway?  Anyway, I have got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 the facts provided in the articles were worth reading. For instance, Lot of folks don't know "like" button is illegal in one of the german states
 Now a days courts and prosecutors are also reliance on internet and face book shows the times have changed and people started to believe in internet has increased 
 true. its a constant evaluation. for every 15-20 years there seems to be some thing new replacing old. Next big thing could be autonomous cars.
 Yeah. It seems a little scary but it feels like we are not that far away from that becoming a reality.
 Yeah, they are so huge. Nice chatting with you :)
 I do like to travel. Air travel is up to 10% slower than it was in the 1960's in order to save on fuel costs.
 Yes, it was nice of them. I think it is funny that people steal garden gnomes, take them traveling, and then return the gnome with photos back to the owner. 
 Yes, it would be. I agree. I find it weird that there is a website for people that will let you crash on their couch while you're traveling.
 I would say so. Maybe its because the percentage of airtime on Fox news dedicated to opinion is 55%. For MSNBC its 85%.
 Hello, yes I use Facebook which was started by Mark Zuckerburg back in 2004
 I did not know they were that old!  But I want one like they have in South Africa which have flame throwers to prevent carjacking!  How cool is that?
 haha I could use that right now, a flamethrower would be perfect for melting the snow on my driveway!
 Yeah.  I watch a lot of live concert vids on there as well as sports, comedy, etc.  Wish youtube was around a long time ago.  lol
 It's the second largest search engine too on the internet.
 LOL  Bob Ross!  Did you happen to see the Deadpool trailer where he acted like Bob Ross?
 I like that youtube has a partnership with Hulu, etc. now too
 It gets expensive.  We have it, but we've been thinking of getting rid of it.  There's only so many hours in a day to watch tv.
 Alright, I think we did it. Thanks for chatting with me and go catch that new Orson Welles film when it pops up on Netflix.
 Take care
 I believe it is from Los Gatos California.
 That is still probably less than YouTube, which was acquired by Google for $1.65 million over ten years ago.
 I like older cars, starting with the Model T in 1908.
 True.     Do you know much about Presidents past and around the world?   It is a common title in republics.
 Perhaps.     In Indonesia, the president released 3 albums while in office!     I wonder what they called him.
 I wonder if he signed that kid in a wheelchair after Kanye gave him his microphone.
 I agree! He has his moments though. Once Kanye gave his mic to a fan who was in a wheelchair at one of his concerts. That seems like a very nice thing to do!
 Yes, it's turned into a circus, in my opinion. I can no longer even take the presidency seriously! So sad. Oh yeah, Kanye's Gold Digger song, is one of the 10 most successful songs of all time! Wow, what a neat record to hold! Good for him!
 Oh yeah. He has a lot of versatility and definitely a lot of influence. It speaks volumes of his talents. Which is interesting, how such a wild-character can make so much great music! Overall, I like him, even though he is always doing things that make me cringe. Haha
 Good morning! It does seem like a good time to wear pants/trousers today
 I have heard of them originating in East Asia though
 Hi, I'm good. Yes, I love comedy actually. Right, that caught my attention too!
 I agree. Good talking to you. Have a good day!
 Yes, I am very interested in them and the secrets that they tell the public.
 That's really cool, I like honoring our military whenever possible.. It was really good chatting with ya. Have a great rest of the day!
 Hi, do you use Youtube?
 All the time!! It already exists for almost 15 years! since 2005
 Wow! It is massive because it is the 2nd largest search engine on the internet!
 that is what I thought too. Google had vision because they purchased Youtube 1 year after its creation!
 That is right, in my case I am not into social networks except for youtube because you can get very good content from individuals as well as large corporations
 Yes, it does not seem like a social network even though it is. I was surprised to find Police has its own Youtube which is called bluetube
 They must have funny material!! Do yo know by any chance which is the most disliked video on Youtube?
 That is right, I have never seen it and I do not think I will!
 who knows, on the other hand Psy's Gangnam style was the opposite, everyone loved it!!
 hahaha All right I have enjoyed this chat.. In fact I want to check some exercise videos on youtube in a few minutes!
 Wow , that would be interesting! well Im going to let you go. Have a great day!
 What country did this happen in it sounds insane?
 Do you know when this fake news law was passed?
 Yea definitely its more then 3/4 it doesnt seem to fair to the residents.
 No but in 2008 Norwegian government officials donated 1 billion to help save the Amazon Rain Forest, I guess that was a good thing
 Yes this was amazing I am a big supporter of saving the earth 
 I saw this while watching joe rogans podcast on youtube they showed a clip of a car with flames that come out both sides under the doors, its amazing
 lol Yes.  Wikileaks published the governments plans to destroy wikileaks.  Not sure if that's fake news. lol
 True.  86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.
 You know what I say to that, fake news.  There is no such place as Nevada, just a government conspiracy.
 lol  In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.
 You know what I say to that, actually I'll stop now.  That is very generous of them, since it is such a small nation that must be a fair bit per capita.
 There are more than 400 hours of content uploaded to youtube each minute!
 I actually watch a lot of business and entrepreneur,type videos on there.  There's a ton of great content and I've also used it to fix my car and riding lawn mower.  Those videos literally have saved me well over $3,000 in labor charges alone and the parts were dirt cheap and not marked up if I had someone else do it.  Youtube is the 2nd largest search engine on the net as well. 
 You're right, I just see too many cat videos, or people falling off things.  I also use it when I need instruction, like how to attach a flame thrower to your car.
 lol  Netflix and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  That means half of the people online are just watching videos.
 I probably contribute more through Netflix than Youtube.  I's nice to watch what you want when you want, rather than having to wait like we used to.
 I agree.  Do you know who Psy is?
 It got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 Oh yeah.  I know an autistic kid where I work...he has a video game channel where he just shows him playing video games.  He makes a few hundred dollars per month off of his videos and it's based off the view count and how long the people watch the videos.  Police have their own youtube called blutube!  It's been fun chatting!
 That's a good story, some real news in fact, I hope a least.  Good talking to you.  Have a good day.
 lol  Have a good day too!
 Hi.  What do you want to talk about?
 I am a big comedy fan.   Not just the new ones, I like the classics.  
 I do like the contemporary stuff, too.  I loved MST3K.   I wish Comedy Central hadn't canceled it.   But they cancel a lot of shows.  
 Seinfeld got that right, stopping while the show was still good.  But I guess it's tempting to keep going and getting that paycheck.   
 I like Frasier, too.   And some of the British classics, like Monty Python.  Did you know that the Python programming language was named after them?
 Yeah, that is pretty cool.  And much more inspired than some names. Like Fox owning Fox News.   That's not an inspired name.  
 Yeah that is pretty lame, well it's been really nice talking to someone that knows good comedy!  Have a good night. 
 I did not watch it before,but now I'm curious, because it looks there is a reunion of the cast!!
 That is true 20 years and they are bringing an 11th season. The total of episodes will be more than 250
 Yes, I love good sitcoms, I am going to definitely check it out. It is neat that most of the original cast is back, that is so exciting
 Actually comedy, the ones that have recorded laughing, like Roseanne type of sitcom.. 
 He is really funny! I think someone really funny is Drew Carrey, do you know how he started his comedy career?
 He served eight years in the marine, and he spent part of those years telling jokes to the other marines, he did not waste his time there!
 I agree! talking about comedy, did you watch Evan almighty?
 I did like it, but I did not know It was so expensive 200 million!
 About funny shows, remember the Simpsons?
 Hi, how are you doing today?
 I'm good.  I love a good horror movie.
 Bram Stoker's Dracula or Mary Shelley
 Michael caine only became an actor because the girls in his drama class were pretty.
 All day, every day.  How about you?
 Me either.
 I guess there's a song out that takes aim at rappers.  It's called "Barbi Dreams".  Some rappers don't have a sense of humor.
 Did you know there is 3g cell service on the top of Mt. Everest?  You know, in case you want a pizza delivered...
 That's amazing.  Thanks, you've been  a great chat partner.  
 Hi, how are you?
 I guess people liked the old-style games. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Ta!
 Pretty good and yourself? Yeah I love movies.
 Yes, Horror is my favorite, but I also like spy films like 007. Now that I say that I remember Daniel Craig is doing his last bond film this year.
 He makes that show. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! 
 Same, Have a good day.
 I do! I am a scientist by profession.
 Yes! It emits all forms of wavelengths on the light spectrum.
 Thank you for your valuable advice.  
 Thank you for your advice and opinion.  Nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 Happy holidays.
 Bye
 I guess that makes sense. Nice chat!
 Haha that's funny. I think they told him that he didn't have"that presidential look"how wrong they were
 Hahaha yeah. at least he became a real president. Nice chatting with you :)
 Hello how are you doing? Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises
 Yes I am a big red sox fan what is your favorite team?
 What about Tv. What do you normally like to watch on television?
 The jetsons are amazing. I love watching all those classics on the boomerang channel. Did you ever have one of those old time televisions with the wood panels?
 My parents watched Jackie Gleason!  Nice chatting with you.
 Yes and they do not seem to mind competition. When South Park aired a Family Guy related episode the produces received flowers from The Simpsons crew.
 The Shining was a very good movie. It was nice chatting with you. Have a good weekend.
 That sounds nice. Do you like watching The Simpsons?
 Yeah, I was going to tell you about that. What about Pokemon? Apparently there are over 750 episodes.
 I use to watch it as a kid.
 I thought it was a good show, but I didn't really get into it.
 I do, it's hilarious. What about you?
 I'm not a huge fan of horror, but I heard Stephen King was terrified of the movie Bambi.
 I need to start watching more horror movies! haha 
 I have no idea, all I know is it's a thing.
 You too! 
 Hello - I don't watch a lot of TV. I just watch a few series with my wife.
 I did not, but I heard the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew after.
 LOL that's funny. I bet it was a good episode.
 I am. I have a son who is obsessed with Thomas the Tank.
 I'm glad because that was an intense movie. 
 a single fold in the brain. nice chat
 Hello,  do you watch tv?
 Wow,  that is interesting.  Do you watch any current tv? Did you know there is only one episode of the simpsons that Bart doesnt appear?
 That's pretty cool. Also George Carlin did some narration. I love him he's so funny Ha-Ha.
 Lipinski and Weir replaced someone who had been a commentator for three decades and he is said to be more measured in his on air remarks. Yeah, I like to watch Netflix!
 Thanks!
 Did You see Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey?
 it is ! Kubrick wanted 90 tons of sand dyed gray for 2001 and that was just the start.
 YES ! Imagination on that guy had no limits. Obviously, some viewers didn't know what hit 'em, or that they were witnessing a significant moment in filmmaking.
 It's one of those movies that You appreciate more in time. ...oh, and the soundtrack was legendary 1 ;)
 lol, I remember my son when he was 2 - he was obsessed with Thomas... to me it was so annoying ;) "oh no, trouble on the tracks" ! ;)
 oh come on ;) he should do it, kids wouldn't understand anyway ;) I think... ;)
 lol ;) they would grow up much quicker ! You're welcome kids ! ;)
 oh yeah, South Park is great. I mean back then it was not as Politically Correct as now... they not as controversial as they once were. Still funny though ;)
 Yes ! People that don't follow SP think it's just a silly, rude cartoon. They don't realize every episode is about some popular real time current event. Great idea for a show ;)
 Yup ;)  with awesome portion of good level humor ;) Family Guy is a little different but I love it too ;)
 When Simpsons started I was still living in Poland and I didn't understand most jokes so I stopped watching :) maybe now it's time to go back to that show ;)
 Yeah, I was born there, now I live in NY. ...but You know, shows like South Park, Simpsons or Family Guy ( and many many others ) kind of prepared me to what was waiting for me in this country. I knew more or less what to expect and it helped me with my English ;) fun ride it was...
 That's crazy! I really need to see that episode. I also loved Pokemon on TV as a kid. They have almost 800 episodes now
 Agreed. Do you also like South Park? I say that because we talked about the Simpson's earlier and their crew actually sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was nice of them!
 Hi, how are you?
 I would have too. But maybe with inflation, he's not... The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana. That's bananas!
 I really hope that's where it comes from... That would be great. The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
 The black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight.
 Agreed. I would stay away from all predators to ensure my immortality.
 Nice chatting wiht you.
 That is hilarious and a great way to kill two birds with one stone. They always innovate. Like calculating traffic based on how fast android devices are moving on the road.
 Well, I'm glad google is up now, because I need to google how to fix clothing. My jeans are way too big on me but I like them so much!
 It sounds like you've been losing weight congratulations! But yeah I think that out of all animals on earth humans are the only ones that wear clothes LOL. It was lovely talking with you today.
 Humans are definitely the only ones who put clothing on themselves, but what about all those poor dogs people dress up? lol Same to u, wish me luck with the jeans so that I don't mangle them! ha!
 well the phones get good reviews, but the people I follow online say that they slow down over time, samsung puts a skin on top of android and that will make it less efficient, thats why I only buy devices made by google like the pixel line because they run pure android
 Would be really hard to get it there though lol, we depend a lot on internet, luckily theres a copy saved of the whole thing if something were to happen.
 Yeah I can definitely go awhile without using it, I'm not one of those people always on  my apps and in my phone. I could survive with a flip phone for a little while! 
 I know! I have regretted not reading the fine print a couple of times but anyway do you like the genre of fantasy?
 Ha! No kidding! He could sing about the 1960s when our country was infested with rotten, flute prone rivers that were coveted in gas and oil. Ha! That'd be something to hear!
 That would be both hilarious and sad. Ha! Especially knowing how the wildlife and fish have suffered. Speaking of fish, there's actually a certain breed of jelly fish that's supposed to be immortal. I'd love to study those!
 That's gotta chap Trump's hyde... Maybe he will just come out with a pop album instead.
 Trump and Hilary would have been the least productive presidency in the history of the US. They would just be calling each other names all the time.
 Wow... nice chatting with you!
 the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. lol I wonder where that name came from?
 I used to watch when I was younger. I'm glad they popularized them again with the game, which I have yet to play.
 That is not the case.    Google specializes in Internet-related services and products.
 Have you ever used google to get clothing information?
 Yes.     I was looking for details on the pilgrims for a project once.
 Too true.      I want to shop at the unclaimed baggage store in Alabama that I saw on TV sometime.
 Yes but when you watch a scary movie you can burn up to 180 calories,
 Right on! Well, it's been good talking to you. Have a good evening! And travel safely!
 Nice talking to you too.
 Good Afternoon!
 You as well!
 Yes very much so! 
 I have not been following much the last couple years but I am more into the Italian league.
 I too would love to travel more. 
 Are you into fifa?
 Yes the video game! Rooney plays fifa but is sad he doesn't have time to play anymore
 If this chat end unexpectedly - it's been great chatting with you today!
 You as well. One of my better conversations!
 Thanks!  Great Conversation!
 Maybe that's how they're getting it to go so fast. A couple of high intensity flame-throwers at the back and boom. Iceland could use a bus like this. They seem to lack effective public transport across the island.
 Sounds like something King Kalakaua could have used when he traveled around the world. I imagine it took him a while.
 Nice. I think I'll be seeing if I can become a race car driver by playing gran turismo!
 Hey! Hope you're having a great day.  Travelling on a bus that goes 160mph would be really cool
 Pretty good, thanks!  How are you?
 Exactly!  It would be like having your own Batmobile
 That would be cool
 the kid from the Shining had no idea he was in a horror film, I wonder what they told him it was lol
 Hi! Hope you're doing well! Do you like to travel? I can't wait to one day ride the commuter bus that can travel at 160mph speeds the Dutch are creating!
 I wonder how far that would be and if it is designed like the states, with long TSA lines, etc. I would rather just go to mackinac island where there are no cars.
 Ha! I love all the prevalent elements about horror - the ghosts, gore, extraterrestrials, monsters, zombies, etc. as well as sub genres from found footage to teen horror, I love it all! Ha!
 I find the people who enjoy the genre to be so interesting but I can't do it. I mean, if you burn 180 calories doing it, it has to do something to your psyche...
 I did not know it was that long. I guess it makes sense since camp fire stories have been around for a while.
 That would be scary! McDonalds was the first restaurant with a drive thru!
 Nice chatting with you!
 I would love to go to Mackinac Island in Michigan. Even though car travel is my favorite, they banned motorized vehicles for over a hundred years and you get around by bike or horse drawn carriages.
 I have seen the Shining. I appreciate that the young boy in the film did not realize he was in a horror film until many years later.
 Well thanks so much for chatting, I learned a lot about travel and horror films.
 Keep learning about fun and exciting things!
 Wayne Rooney is a legend and I bet he will change things for the MLS
 Yes I was excited for the DC United when he joined their team
 Yeah and he won five titles with one of the best teams the premier league has, Manchester United, hopefully he can be as good as he was in the Premier league at the MLS
 Hi, how are you?
 no idea. Did you know that Fred Rogers testified in front of the senate for PBS?
 Did you see the documentary on him? I heard it was good.
 I haven't, though I have heard the same. Did you know Harry Truman got vice president because he saved the gov so much money?
 Yeah, ironically by Nixon. He likes to crack government I guess.
 Nice... That must just roll off your tongue when you call them for dinner.
 That's really kind of them, kind of shocking too! Nice chatting with you!
 I like Game of Thrones as well and Brooklyn Nine Nine. I'm excited for the final season!
 No I don't remember that one at all. My favorite episode I can remember is the one with Hank Scorpio in it.
 That was another show I watched when I was younger. I think I only watched the first series with the original Pokemon in it.
 How cool, a goldendoodle.  I have a poodle and a Lab.
 Me too, not so much a cat person.  I can relate much better with my dogs!
 I wish I worked in a dog friendly office although I would probably spend all my time chasing my crazy girl around the place. It was great chatting dogs and cartoons with you!
 Wow! I like the idea of a candy desk in the Senate. We need one of those at my job!
 Probably! I heard that too, but then a few female senators protested and wore pantsuits. Good for them!
 That's very cool! I learned a lot. Thanks for chatting!
 I can't rememeber that.  I do know that Ice Hockey and Lacrosse are both the national sports of Canada.  They are the only country with two
 Bandy hockey, what is that?  In the first Olympic winter games, Canada scored 132 goals and only let 3 in.  That was in 1924.
 Same here and have a great one
 yep. this is good hockey weather.
 yes and the other is lacrosse
 went ice skating once. I learned that once was enough
 Its going to snow on and off at my location. That website looks interesting.
 I have never played. But I have a nephew that loves that stuff.
 You too
 bye
 She wrote Outlander.  It was made into a series on Starz.  Mixture of fantasy, history, romance all mixed together.  
 It's pretty good, the books are way more in depth, but I like the series. The books are pretty big, but I'm somewhat of a speed reader, so it doesn't take me long to finish one of her tomes. lol
 Great chatting with you as well, enjoy the rest of your day!
 I hope you enjoy the rest of you day as well thanks for all the cool facts we shared today. 
 I'm great! Just watching a little TV to end the night.
 I watch TV at the gym, too. I especially like to watch gymnastics. It pumps me up when I'm running!
 Good point. That's why I prefer to read over watching TV in my spare time.
 Agreed. If you need any good book recommendations, let me know! Take care.
 Same here.
 Do you remember Elvis Presley?
 I am a fan, and found really cool that Crazy Little Thing called love is a tribute to him, from Freddie Mercury
 It is hard to believe he failed music and then became the King of Rock and Roll
 Could be , but to me is interesting  how he incorporate african american music to his style, thanks to Sam Phillips
 To me he did something that I love, which is fusion. He had R&B and country  and made a big change to the popular music of his time, he made it more alive
 Yes, and not only the music but his moves made what he did unique, he had a kind of provocative way to perform and that was what many loved too.
 Yes, I would like to see that. Well enough about Elvis, did you know Ringo starr narrated Thomas the tank engine in some episodes?
 Many friends in facebook are not even real! Did you know that Iceland rewrote their constitutions via facebook?
 They did something useful with facebook. Well have a nice day!
 They did. Well after that episode The Simpsons crew sent the South Park crew flowers ha ha. 
 That is funny about the flowers.  Family Guy is however a popular show.
 I have heard of Thomas the Tank Engine, but cannot say I've ever watched it before.
 That definitely is some big names to narrate a children's show.  
 That is a lot of episodes for each of them to narrate.
 I didn't know that before, that is definitely a lot of episodes.
 Hi!  Have you watched anything good on Netflix lately?
 I just watched Apollo 13 again. Classic good!  Hard to believe the movie was made before Netflix existed!  Are you familiar with the story about how Apollo 13 played a role in the creation of Netflix?
 Reed Hastings, founder of Netflix, got angry about a $40 late fee he got for a late return on Apollo 13 at Blockbuster. Interesting how anger can be a great inspiration sometimes!\
 It's a funn\y business. It is all about make believe stories, imagined memories, and virtual reality. Hard to figure how to evaluate the value of thin air... Blockbusters had real properties, not just envelopes... 
 Now NETFLIX is responsible for 1/3rd of North American bandwidth between 9pm-12am.  We like our make-believe! 
 Yes, I do. I had on an old LP the other day that reminded me of yesteryear!  What do you listen to?
 I wonder if Walmart has the CD of those two 100-year old Japanese twins for sale?
 That is interesting! I wonder how that compares with the album, Dark Side of the Moon? Over 40 years since it was created and it was still one of the Best Selling albums in 2014.
 Not a bad start! Let's hope they do not have to switch labels like Reel Big Fish did, and then have to re-record their music!
 Wow! I guess re-recording is out then... You know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of hours of old radio dramas?  It's not Linkin Park, but it is entertaining! And it is free!
 Thanks. YOu have a nice evening, and maybe listen to some old Abbot and Costello!!
 Hi, I do! but I prefer fantasy books over movies. That way you can use your imagination. There is actually a univerity where you can study fantasy literature. I'd love to go there. 
 yeah, who knew it would become the largest internet retailer in the world. I still buy my books from them though.
 that would be cool! Plus I could lose the weight! I love that amazon delivers on sundays btw
 Hi, how are you?
 I do. I am not one of the 33% that make up the bandwidth but my son and daughter are. I am usually watching sports...
 I think I would rather listen to Linkin Park. They have the best selling album of the 21st century.
 Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label. That's dedication!
 Two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.
 Love Pink Floyd... I think I may be the only non-drug user that likes them the amount I do. It's the only 60's band I like too.
 I do not. I do not think I ever had cassettes. My brother did. Now that I think about it, I did have cassettes.
 Nice chatting with you.
 Was it Apollo 13? Hilarious. 
 Haha true true. It was the highest grossing basketball move of all time. Although White Men Can't Jump was pretty damn good.
 There's a ten car garage and an elevator too. It has natural light, which is nice.
 That is hard to believe! I'm glad Lebron helps out charities too. He once raised six million dollars for charity by televising "the decision"
 That's cool. That's not surprising. Like you said he's considered to by many to be the best basketball player in the world, and maybe of all time.
 I can see that!  Makes sense.  It must be tough to be a ballet dancer I would think.
 Interesting.  Speaking of ballet .... Tupac once danced ballet in high school in the nutcracker.
 This is about the only time of year I watch it.  Did you know that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor and is known as the "highest court in the land"?
 I remember that because he did it so much.  Crazy.
 What do they call them?  Curious to know before I have to go.
 Whoa....no way that would work here.  Have a good one!
 That is just one of the advantages of those Norwegian countries! Although they do collect the most taxes in the whole world, but they also do have the highest public satisfacation!
 Yes I wonder how we can get our hands on that device? Professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of shoes in a week.
 So many! Yes I do. Great show. I love Khaleesi! They have great music in that show too but no dancing.
 Oh wow that is very surprising. Almost as surprising as babies spontaneously dancing want to hear music!
 Yeah definitely. I love basketball. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was one of my favorite players to watch. His dunk got banned from college for over a decade. It was really nice talking with you.
 Hi!  I love going to the library! 
 Me too. It is a great source of resources. I like that I can get anything from books to maps and CD's.
 I agree!  Did you see what the Sacramento public library started doing?
 They started a "library of things" which allows patrons to check out things that patrons might find useful, but don't need to own long term.  Sewing machines, etc. for example.  That's a great idea I think.
 I agree, that is a great idea. Another great library idea was one that a falsely imprisoned man had. He spent most of his 10 years in jail in the library and became a lawyer.
 Nice!  At least he used his time wisely,. lol
 Yes, he did so to help others that were also wrongly convicted.
 That's a good story.  If you publish a book in Norway, the government will buy 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries throughout the country.  I like that idea.  They should do that in the states.
 Yes, I heard they will even but 1,500 copies if the book is a children's book. Sounds very generous to me.
 I do too!  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I believe Trump is now in the top 3.
 Yes, Trump might be he is wealthy. I am just glad that the Vice President is not automatically the runner up of the election.
 Right?  They don't seem to get nothing done now and that would just be chaos.  lol
 It would be hard to get along. Lucky for us that changed in 1805.
 Yes!  I like the name of the first president of Zimbabwe.  They called him President Banana! lol
 I had fun!  Have a great day!
 that is wild, I bet if someone has that on video somewhere, that would be worth a fortune, I know that Tupac has music in the library of congress too, it was deemed "of cultural importance"
 can't say that I do, I do know that granny style shooting is the best way to be consistent when scoring points for free throws, I just think itd be so funny if professionals started doing that you couldn't help but laugh
 Nice.  Going to the library has saved me probably thousands of dollars over my life.  I love physical media like books, cds, and movies.  Before the days of the internet the library was my lifeline.
 Yes.  That is pretty good for the authors of the books. There are more libraries than McDonalds in the United States.
 Yes.  I agree.  Over half of adults have library cards.  So, they seem to be hanging on.
 Now that sounds like a really good idea.  I hate when I have to buy something expensive that I'll only use 1 time.
 Yes!   Switching gears lets talk about congress and/or the president...Did you know that in 1916 the first woman was elected to congress before she even had the right to vote in a national election.
 I know.  What is awesome too is that the US congress has played a Republicans vs Democrats baseball game annually every year since 1909.  The Republicans are leading by 3 wins.   That's a neat tidbit.
 Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents in the US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 I think I've read he is number 1 now.  I think what I read is outdated.  I was also reading about the first president of Zimbabwe.  They called him president banana! lol
 Interesting!  Did you know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?
 Me too!  I wonder if they are on youtube?  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you!  
 I agree. It was good talking to you!
 yes I think so, martial arts is basically a choreographed dance, I like that MJ patented his leaning device, I couldn't picture anyone else doing that move
 that is crazy but I believe it, I used to date a ballerina and her toes were always messed up from dancing haha
 haha maybe the extra person is the ref? I like that they have their own basketball court and it's called "the highest court in the land" haha
 Ya I think it was like 32 million when he gets to be 55, I mean that would be crazy I'd go on a shopping spree haha
 he must have been ahead of his time! Are you going to watch the Superbowl tomorrow?
 Wow. He does such good things with his money too. He has a charity foundation, the LeBron James Family Foundation, that's done a ton of work supporting students.
 You too! 
 Yes I agree. I understand the point of it is to keep an audiences attention, but they have achieved that so well. Sometimes I just can't look away.
 I know, same!
 Hello!
 I can't imagine that!  Love the Nutcracker! Ballet dancers sure go through a lot of pairs of pointe shoes. So rough on their feet...
 Yes,  many people lose that sense of rhythm as they age, including me!  Bruce Lee was so graceful. He said that he imagined moving as if he were water. And he did.
 I am sure that they did not mind since he has made them multi millions over the years. I think it is funny that the players won't shoot granny style because it looks stupid. We used to do it when we were kids!
 I agree. Speaking of Kareem, I had no idea he got the dunk shot banned from college  for over a decade, because he did it so much. That is truly silly...it's fun!
 Exactly! I believe that 100% for sure. The NBA has to make that money somewhere!
 Might be worth it! They certainly have better things to do with their time!
 Hi, how are you?
 I heard he likes to save money though. He used the free Pandora app because he didn't want to spend money on the monthly service.
 Yeah. He's probably got a staff to beat people up though. So are you a Jordan guy?
 HA! Im a chicago guy so sorry...
 Nice chatting with you.
 Hi! I love to dance! I was reading that the Maryland's womens basketball team does a dance routine before a game, how cool is that!
 ...sorry misread...they do the dance after the game lol...I am not sure on that but very possible...basketball injury's are common.
 Wow, i could never do ballet, has to be very painful. I have heard that some basketball and football players will do a dance class, I guess it helps them in many ways. I guess they want to be the best like being in the NBA which pays their athletes the highest of any other organization. 
 Oh, yeah, he's gotta be kicking himself for that one!  Hey, speaking of shoes, did you know Air Jordan's were banned at first by the NBA?  But Jordan would wear them anyway because Nike was willing to pay the fine!  Dunno what the fine was, but I just find that hilarious.  It's like, "Oh, yeah, fine us!  It's still good advertising!"  LOL
 Wow, i did not know that.  It's interesting they both have a similar origin.  You know, personally, volleyball is one of the sports I enjoyed playing when I was younger.  Not too good at it though, always hit the ball too hard, sent it out of bounds. LOL
 I love Volleyball! I guess I was an ok player back in school but haven't really played since. I was on a girls basketball team in highs school though and loved it. Didn't pursue it after school but still play for fun.
 Lol, that's cool! I am sure you can handle a game of basketball for fun! Good exercise for sure, just like dancing lol there are so many types to choose from. I remember hearing about an old episode of Mr. Rogers that he actually learned to break dance on that show, haha....Wish I could have seen it!
 It would definitely be a sight to see him break dancing haha! I am not that coordinated either but I don't let it stop me hahaa, I probably get people to laugh hahaa.....kinda like how parrots are able to dance it makes everyone laugh!
 Oh, I've seen lots of parrots dancing vids on youtube, they're funny.  They say even babies will dance when they hear music, that's gotta be adorable!  
 I have seen so many of those video's, so cute! And yep, babies do keep up to the beats when music is being played, so cute as well, I agree! We have a parrot and he dances and I taught him to sing Another One Bites the Dust! Hahaha, cutest think ever! 
 Hahaha! Too cute, I love Ellen shows. My parrot dances more than sings, but all you have to do is play a song over and over for them everyday and they eventually pick it up, not the entire song but the chorus, so cute, and he looks like he is doing the funky chicken dance hahaa.....it has been great chatting with you!!
 Well, again that is awesome!  Great chatting with you as well! :)
 Have a great evening! 
 Yeah and it just stuck around, nice chatting today.
 I do use amazon. I love it. Do you use it or just wanna work there?
 Yeah. His wife filed divorce and they got married 26 years ago. She gets half!
 Yeah. Imagine taking your kids there. And there's my building... They also own IMDB.
 I would do like 8 episodes a day and then go buy a new condo in a beach front community!
 Yeah... Nice chatting with you!
 I have actually. In fact, I like to break out the old AM radio every now and again and listen to those Jupiter radio storms. What about you?
 Wow, that's a long time ago.    What do we call the earth's only natural satellite?
 Cool!    There is a lot of water on the Earth.    Do you know what percentage of the surface is wet?
 Yes, those are the ones.      Many of the classic radio dramas they listened to are now saved on a website.
 It's become a different environment  where PC rules and common sense is overlooked.  I did like the grunge music in the 90's. 
 I would love to listen to Seattles local music. 
 Slang's hard to pinpoint.  I'm guessing the 1920's.  I am grateful to McDonald's and their drive-thrus. 
 I know, anything is possible. It has been nice chatting with you!
 That is crazy. And then he got a building named after him! That seems like a bargain! Do you like how Amazon also delivers on Sundays now?
 I am good. I am about to watch space jam. It made lots of money
 wow. The chicago cubs Won the world series a few years ago. Thats my team.
 2016. They were the 1st to win back to back, but they did win again after that
 They won in 2017 too? Wow,that's impressive.
 JETER has a way of talking lol
 I like that Tim duncan finished school before the NBA. That was smart.
 Yeah. I think it also helped in providing him with a well rounded basketball game too!
 Well in the past five years actually almost half of the five star recruits and more then half of the one and dones have gone to just five schools.  The NCAA could use the rule already in effect for baseball but for basketball, like the rule that a student coming from high school or entering college must stay a minimum 3 years
 Thats true that some people really care and some don't about basketball. I've always liked jordans, but lately i've been buying them to resell. Not a big fan of the NBA, but since people are they are willing to wait in line for shoes and create bots online to try to get them. I wouldn't be suprised if the shoe companies are a part of the corruption, they are pretty unethical since they use offshore labor!
 I see.  Well, if physicists were cool, "granny style" would be a thing.  Talk to you later.
 Talk to you late
 Cheryl Miller was robbed out of a life time of earnings by being a woman.
 I love the game, two teams, five players each and a rectangular court, sounds simple but its a great and complex sport
 That is funny and it doesnt seem that bad either lol, I bet I could do a better job at comming up with a bad oppening sentence.
 I can't image that today. Just think of the TV commentary: Well, Bob, it looks like she's writing. Words. On paper. Back to you Bob!
 Lol that would be so boring, I wouldnt watch that, architecture, music, painting and sculture were other olypic events.
 I know a few.  The only president to have a phd is Woodrow Wilson.
 Nice.  I wonder if Trump is in that list now?
 That's great!  The last US president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.
 I wonder why that it is?  In Guatemala close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president.
 I watch it every now and then.  I like to see the one game they play outdoors every year in the NHL.  That's neat I think!
 I agree! I like hockey. It is Canadas national sport!
 Yes it is!  I live in extreme Northern Ohio on the shore of Lake Erie back in the day when we still had tvs with rabbit ears I was able to pick up Canada's Hockey Night in Canada during the week.  I loved it because it was their version of Monday Night Football.
 Yes!  That's a lot of skating and dragging all that padded weight around.  lol
 lol  In the 1932 summer olympics, India beat the USA 24-1.  Ouch.
 Interesting!  In 1930 a goalie caught fire during a game when a puck hit a pack of matches in his pocket!
 Nice chatting with you too!  Have a good one!
 DId you know that JFK, Washington and Jefferson are the three wealthiest potus of all time
 Yeah. He might be the poorest. Maybe he could record a pop album to make ends meet
 He'd have to have a cool album name, that would be easy for the President of Zimbabwe to come up with
 Lol. maybe he can get a nobel in literarture for his lyrics...like Bob Dylan did. Churchill has one of those and Trump like to model himself after him.
 Oh yeah, I forgot. Meanwhile N.Korea keeps building nukes...as the US sleeps, to echo a line from Churchill...who never won the Peace prize.
 Is there a Nobel War Prize? There were olympic medals for literature though.
 And he did it in a way that would make the literatti proud...or whatever the term derived from "littera" is.
 He definitely deserved the presidential whole guest house when in the USA...which is larger than the White House.
 I think they went to hockey games for that. Only Canadians there.
 There's always lacrosse too.
 That's a lot of sticks flying all over the place. Nice chatting with you.
 Is it at the US Supreme Court building?  
 I do not know who came up with the idea.  Do you know who invented the basketball?  It's a trivia question from me.
 You are right!! Yay.  Apparently, the use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.  Would you like to know the reason?  I'll bet you know cuz you are smart.
 Because Kareen Abdul Jabbar was too dominant when he used the dunk.
 Such a lucky guy.  I think I should look at our attic because my grandparents used to live at our house.  Apparently, baseball is so popular in Japan that they are surprised that it is also the America's national pastime.
 Baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for their team if necessary.
 I don't know.  I will research about it later.  Anyway, I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a nice day!
 All this chatting about sports makes me want to go play something...not sure it it will be baseball or basketball...maybe just a nice hike in sporty clothes!
 That would be awesome. It has the honor of being the highest grossing film of all time. There is just something hilarious about it that stands the test of time. 
 I like the minors as well. Well, have a good day. Pleasure talking to you!
 I have seen the Harlem Globetrotters play a few times in persno.  That is a site to see.
 You too. Good chat
 You too. Take it easy!
 HAhaha, It wouldn't surprise me if he does, that will be entertaining and will blow youtube up.
 haha maybe the royalties from it would bump him into the top 3 wealthiest presidents haha
 That what I believe, this is the first I heard of this president.
 Haha I did hear about that that's very sad because that is a good history that the gavel had, what do you think about why Michael Jordan would not endorse a Democratic candidate? I think it was smart that he never picked a side with politics
 LOL for President Banana!
 President Wilson vetoed the Volstead Act.  Congress passed it and Prohibition began.  My fantasy congress would never have passed that.
 Nice! I wonder if Karl Benz envisioned that when he invented the car in 1886
 That's awesome. I heard that google is a dog company
 Yeah and the republicans are leading the way by 3 points
 Yup. Enjoyed the chat! Have a good evening.
 You too! Thanks so much!
 Sure. Bye!
 Yes they arrested one of them once and brought him feet first, crazy. Nice chatting with you
 It must keep attendance. up.
 It's been good talking to you.  Enjoy the holidays!
 Hi, great! 
 Yes, I love sports and follow hockey sometimes. 
 Ha! That sounds about right! I ha heard that the season ticket holders for the hockey team the Capitals were very excited about upcoming season. 
 Sure can be sometimes.
 Yes, I really love concerts! I plan on seeing Elton John this month in Tulsa. 
 Yes, completely different types of music but should be great. I also saw the Ramones in Oklahoma decades ago. They played a total of 2,263 concerts over 20 years.
 Yes, it is! I enjoyed chatting with you! Enjoy Elton!
 Thank you! Bye
 Lastly, Go Stanley Cup!
 Good, thanks! Dogs are so smart. They are the only animals besides elephants that can naturally understand pointing.
 Ah, that could be right! In Istanbul you can get food for strays by recycling bottles at a vending machine. Pretty interesting.
 I guess we have the 1908 Model T to thank for being able to commute easily. But Karl Benz was the one who invented what's considered the modern car.
 Cars were adopted really fast in the US though they took a while to get accepted in other parts of the world. Glad we don't have to travel by horse and carriage anymore.
 Nice chat! Time for me to take a drive, I guess!
 Currently a walking dead fan, but always watched That 70's Show that I see was remade in the UK
 That's all they had were concerts before they could record the music.
 Hi, how are you?
 I guess they aim of the game is to win the Stanley Cup, I think I've seen that thing, it's massive, the biggest trophy I've ever seen.
 I don't get to go as much as I like.  Actually, now that I think about it, my sons school band played a concert this weekend.  Not what you were thinking, probably.
 That's cool!  I played saxophone in band when I was in school.  The last concert I saw was Lynrd Skynrd last Summer when they played their farewell tour for their hometown crowd.  It was pretty good!
 Sounds good.  My son plays the Sax too.  My wife took me to a show in Pittsburgh about a year back, that would have been the last professional show, The National.
 If you pay your money you want a certain level of professionalism.  Did you see that about a woman helping a stranded Dave Matthews?  My wife and I once gave a roadie a wedding invitation to give the band, they turned us down politely.
 That's about how it is around my house, also! Lol Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your Friday.
 Elmo even testified before Congress! You too see ya!
 It sounds like I might enjoy his novels.  The sequel I mentioned does have a dog in it named Cleo.  
 I do. I like all the quirky details. I find it clever that Michael Jordan would not endorse a black Democratic candidate NC with the reasoning that Republicans buy shoes too. Smart man.
 Wow! Talk about behind the times! I think it's funny that the Senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it. Must have been an overall bad luck guy.
 oh wow, i didn't know that! here's an interesting factoid. The president of zimbabwe was called president banana! 
 Yeah, I heard they were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I wouldn't mind a candy desk, right now! In 1988, a US senator invoked a rule to allow the sergeant-at-arms to arrest absent senators and bring them to the chamber to vote!
 Oh that's extreme! I wonder if the candy is any good they is kept in the "candy desk"?
 They say it's made in Pennsylvania. And consists of milky ways, mars bars and jelly beans! Yum, i like jelly beans!
 Well it sounds great to me! It was good chatting with you! Take care.
 It was nice chatting with you as well! Have a great day and goodbye! :)
 Bye!
 Hi! I wasn't aware of that but I do know that sunset on Mars is a blue color. I think that would be very interesting to see and beautiful!
 I think I knew that... But did yo know that the sun is actually white and only appears yellow because of atmospheric scattering?
 That's interesting.  The sun produces enough engergy in 1 seconds to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years.  I wonder how they know that? lol
 They probably asked Santa... He circles the earth in one night, he probably goes to visit the sun occasionally, encirculing the nearly perfect sphere, counting solar flares and monitoring the magnetic field generated by the internal convection-driven dynamo process.
 hahahaaha  speaking of going around....On July 11th, 2011 Neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since it's discovery in 1846.
 Boom!  lol The sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy.  Hope it doesn't drift our way....
 We would be obliterated and wouldn't even know it! 
 But at least our feet would be warm. Speaking of hot feet, the when the Portuguese introduced chili peppers to Japa, they were commonly put into socks to help keep toes warm. That is called a hot foot!
 If you like that bit of trivia, you are going to love this: The water balloon was invented by someone who actually was trying to create a sock that could help prevent trench foot. He coated a sock with latex and then tested it for leaks by filling it with water. In ager, he threw one of the water-filled defective ones on the ground, and the delightful splash birthed an exciting new childrens toy!
 hahahah That is great.  Socks are among the most needed items at homeless shelters, yet among the least often donated.  I'm going to have to remember that.  We like to donate to charities that help the poor, underprivledged kids, and the homeless.
 Next time the collection plate comes our way, "put a sock in it!" That common phrase commemorates the old practice of stuffing a sock in a phonograph to muffle the sound. And today, it is commonly used to muffle know-it-alls... like myself!
 Socks originally were made out of leather or matted animal fur. Occasionally, wives would make them from the hair they removed from their husband's backs.
 Oh my! Ewwwwww lol  
 Typically, shoes or boots are worn over socks, unless you are a sock puppeteer!
 lol  I bet that was a pain having to hand knit socks before 1800.
 Yeah. I wonder when wind socks were invented? 
 That's a good question.  Maybe back in 1778 when the great English explorer James Cook discovered a body known as Cook Inlet in what is now Alaska and he used a wind sock to mark it?  lol  It's be a gas chatting with you!  Thanks for the laughs.
 good morning, how are you this fine saturday?
 That is pretty mind blowing, didn't know that. I also didn't know the sun is almost 99.86% of the total mass of the solar system
 another mind blow right there, how about our president, do you approve?
 Really, that is very interesting.  President Banana was what they called the first President of Zimbabwe. 
 I am sure it's a funny story.  I wonder if President Trump can sing.  I saw that when the President of Indonesia was in power, he released 3 pop albums. 
 Ah, I just wear whatever shoes are on sale at the time of be buying them.
 True. Putting dry tea bags absorbs the horrible smell of shoes or gym bags.
 I should also stick some in my shoes as well!
 I respect that. That is an excellent way to raise awareness. More people should do something like that!
 Yep, anyways, nice chatting with you!
 With him being a comedian, I can see him wanting to make people smile. Do you like radio dramas?
 I think it beautiful. Just never seen one in real like. My daughter walks on her tip toes so people ask if she does ballet.
 Hundreds, if not thousands of years! They lived before there were area codes! Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Thanks!
 Nothing surprised me with that guy anymore, I don't even react when he says or does anything.  By the way, did you know Alladin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer?
 Ha, nice.  
 At the age of 68, an age that is creeping up on me too. CK lived with a disability and still rose to the top echillon of his profession. Pretty inspiration, especially for us old folks!
 A diving accident I think. I didn't realize it when I first heard his commentary. I, like others, was mesmerized with his intellect, and did not even notice a disability.  He was wheelchair bound.
 I don't know either.  There are a lot of journalists with disabilities that admired the man, and I can understand why.  I especially enjoyed watching him on the Special Report round table discussions on Fox. His brilliance shined there.
 What, are you saying that the network that threatened to sue The Simpsons is not always focusing on the right thing? 
 Well, President Woodrow Wilson was that last PhD, so it would be nice to see a more educated person in the big chair. Someone brilliant, someone concise and respected. I suggest we open up a campaign to elect the late Charles Krauthammer. A dead guy would be an improvement over almost all of the bozos in Washington.
 Yeah, and I bet they sang in a foreign language too! The last US president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.  It's like a superpower.
 VP Hilliary would be quite a change. Her pant suit collection would not have been allowed in the Senate had she served there before 1993. Think of the fashion trends we would have been deprived of!
 I wonder what he left in the pockets?  Or maybe they were super valuable because they originally were those indestructable pants that the Incredible Hulk always used to wear!
 Interesting. It was probably because each pair of pants has it's own fly, and barbarians attract flies..
 Hi, do you watch fox news? 
 LOL. I do not watch it but know people do. I would watch a station that played just the simpsons though.
 I guess after the british burned it down, they did the best they could with what they had at the time.
 LOL. I thought it was a derogatory term. I thought they were being mean to him...
 I prefer them over being naked...
 Nice chatting with you!
 I could take it or leave it.  Did you know that Richard Nixon partially helped to create Fox news?  I didn't know that.
 I've heard of it.  Interesting.  Fox almost created a channel that would only air Simpson episodes.  That would have been neat.
 Me too! ...and yes that is odd.  lol  Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.  I didn't realized fox was that popular.
 That's probably how they beat CNN and MSNBC.  lol
 I'm a fan of the first president of Zimbabwe who was called President Bananda. lol  Seriously though, I was a fan of Trump's before he was elected but not so much anymore.  He hasn't delivered on his promise to bring jobs back to my area.  He won a ton of votes while campaigning here based on that promise.  Instead we're still losing jobs.
 lol  I wonder if Kanye stays at the presidents guest house which is larger than the White House.
 hahahaa  Did you know that we call trousers pants in America?
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer.  That's funnnny!!!!
 I never knew that either.  I Collinsville, IL they have a law that prohibits saggy pants. hahaha
 lol I hadn't have heard of that one.  Holy moly!  It was nice chatting with you. I have to get going.  Have a nice day.
 I didn't know that.  Demetri Martin was accepted into Harvard law, but left out of boredom to pursue a career in comedy.  I'm not familiar with him are you?
 I don't know who he is either.  lol  I do know who Bill Murray is and he thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.  Must not have been too good though because I don't know that movie. lol
 I will have to check it out then.  I liked that show.  I like goofy comedy. lol  They won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 I'm guessing that the other shows probably won the award before 97 and they probably decided it was time to let someone else win. lol
 I did like South Park when it came out in the 90s.  Over the years I haven't had time to watch it.  I did see their Family Guy episode.  When they aired it the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew.
 lol  Do you like rap music at all?
 Yes.  Not as much as I used to.  Did you know that Eminem's dream was to become a comic book artist before he became a rapper?
 Interesting.  Yes...you're right too.  That would have been a good fit on a soundtrack.  Busta Rhymes voiced the Reptar wagon in the 1998 rugrats movie.  I didn't know that.
 lol  No. I didn't.  That's really funny.  Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called "compliment battle". 
 I did like him.  Did you know his music is in the library of congress?
 And thank you for the interesting talk. Guess I'll go flip through the channels. Just kidding.
 Not!!
 I'm not sure, but it featured Big e's mom & his child's mother(I think Faith Hill?) I think it showed them just enough. Yeah, I haven't really heard any of Eminems newer stuff, but I went to see him & Snoop Dog in their "up in Smoke" tour- it was funny beacause 2 reporters were sitting in our seats & in our pictures, they are sitting behind us with a pens & notepads- they gave the concert a C- LOL
 I love Bill Murray- Yeah Steve Buscemi is in Miracle workers (I just googled it) & also, the actor that played Harry Potter- I couldn't standf the Harry Potter movies- I fell asleep (at the movies) during them
 Yes! I went to 7 -eleven to get the collector cups (when the one with them in Thailand) came out! I was trying to get the Zach cup - none of the 7-elevens had it. I was super bummed out that I dropped my monkey cup. It broke when I was going up the stairs to my aprtment. I still have my Mr. Chow cup . 
 I think I might be thinking of another Ryan (actor), but it sounds right to me. The guy Mr. Chow from the Hangover movies was actually a DR in real life, so maybe they both made the right choices! 
 I love South Park. I've seen every episode. 
 I have. I still quite enjoy it when I see re-runs. 
 hello, how are you?
 i am fine as well. What is your thought on the first article?
 i think he should be entitled to that money. No one should have to be fired for not attending a bible study. It's truly insane!
 I think he is asking for too much but he has to be compensated . You can't force someone to attend bible studies. What if the employees had different religious beliefs?
 I completely agree. Any other article caught your interest?
 Agreed. I thought that the one about Facebook was a little interesting also. It is insane that Facebook has a value of 104 billion $
 True. I am pretty sure that many people don't even recall myspace. It was gone too fast
 Not bad. At least he is enjoying his life
 Dream come true for sure
 Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. I wonder how many people would do this to make an impact
 I feel like I can do better when it comes to that.
 WOw so much cool stuff. So nice chatting with you.
 Great! Hope you're doing well! Do you by chance happen to be a fan of Elvis? I am and thinks he deserves the medal of freedom!
 The South Park guys haven't gotten around to him yet.
 I was a big Simpsons fan!  Also loved South Park and Family Guy when it came out.  Did you see what the Simpsons crew did whey South Park aired its Family Guy episode finale?
 Yes!  Did you know that there was only 1 episode of the Simpsons where Bart was neither mentioned or appeared?
 I do remember watching that one!  I think they are still making new episodes.
 Nice!  Here's one for you...can you name the 3 voice actors who narrated Thomas the Tank for at least 52 episodes each.
 It was called Days Like These in the UK and it was cancelled after 10 episodes.  Are you a country music fan?
 I like it!  First music concert I ever went to was the Oak Ridge Boys when I was kid.  Country music legend George Strait and the wealthiest man in the world Jeff Bezos are cousins!
 I wonder who they are?  Henry Ford helped finance the popularization of country music due to his fears over the "urban decadence" of jazz music.
 That must have been a bad show!  I wish I could have seen the Ramones.
 No doubt!  Linkin Park played 324 shows in 2001!
 Good morning.
 Have a beautiful day. By the 2nd century, Jewish groups of people calling the books of the bible the "scriptures"
 It is the relationship between God and Humans. Teaches the humans how to live their lives.
 Yes, It is very necessary. We learn good things and make our life more pleasant and we respect other people and afraid to do harmful activity to others.
 In world war II, soldiers carry metal plated designed bibles in their uniform chest pocket called "Heart shield bibles."
 There are two US presidents that did not use a bible at their swearing-in ceremonies.
 Most of the people spending to much of time in social media network. They didn't spend time with their family members and friends.
 Monthly once only i open it. What about you ?
 In Feb 2004, the Facebook was started by Mark Zuckerberg along with room mates.They earn most from the advertisement that appears onscreen.
 Yes, So many people in america use facebook as their primary source of news. Mostly people engaged in social networks are very addict to it. Without it they can manage single day.
 A third of all divorce filings in the US contained the word 'facebook'. It occupy our complete attention.
 I like some of her songs. I like her song from the Daniel Craig James Bond movie, apparently he cried when he first heard it haha
 I agree with you! 80s is definitely full of great music haha, it's all so crazy that her first album went seven times platinum in the UK, that's very impressive
 Yes I agree! Politics are very tricky today. I miss the days of Theodore Roosevelt back in 1912, he created The Bull Moose Party which actually sounds interesting to me
 Well I think it was more of a mixture between Republicans and Democrats at the time. So it was more moderate and plus the name sounds awesome haha
 good morning to you!
 what would you ever do with all that money?? wow. Michael Caine became an actor because all the girls were in his drama class. 
 yea it is. Its funny because Jon Hamm actually has a role in her show
 LOL. There's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free which is pretty cool.
 Yes, I love country music. What about you?
 HAHA that's funny. I like all kinds of music. 
 It was good talking to you!
 Hey, that's all part of the show.  It wouldn't be fun to watch without any of the drama.  Lol
 That does make a lot of sense. I love the influences of the stringed instruments in country. The sound of a steel guitar is something amazing. 
 How true, they are both very good guitar players.
 Hi there! How are you today? I'm just hanging out watching TV. Do you like TV?
 Oh, I do not read very much, unless it's online. 
 Have you heard of the Guttenberg project? So many books whose copyrights have expired are fully uploaded to that site!
 No I have never heard of that at all.About the only book I've heard about lately is Facebook.
 It sure sounds like a weird rule to me! I guess FB is primarily blue because Mark Z. is red-green colorblind.
 I guess people will do anything for a free Whopper. No, I did not take part of it, did you?
 Yeah, and to think FB is worth so much more now! It was nice chatting today!
 Take care.
 Hello, how are you? So do you watch The Voice?
 I am a huge fan of The Voice, I love singing and music in general so I think this show finds a lot of amazing talent. I love all of the coaches too, it is a fun show!
 I used to be a big fan of American Idol too. But The Voice is different and I just prefer it better. So much fun with the coaches and goofing off between Blake Shelton and Adam, love it. The new Block button, well that is pretty cool for the coaches to have a better chance to catch a person for their team. So what music are you into?
 Mine too! I do listen to the Billboard country charts once in awhile, country music has some pretty good songs. 
 Yes, Blake is the best. He and Adam Levine help their contestants out after the whole thing is said and done. I like Blakes Music sometimes. He seems to be a great asset to country music and to the Voice.
 I love Drama shows, and yep House is a favorite of mine. Hugh Laurie earns 700,000 bucks an episode!
 I heard that too. I am glad he made one drama film I love so much before he stopped. But he is a great comedian! 
 Yes, love him. So are you a big fan of the latest technology in phones? I love my phone but won't pay a thousand bucks for one. I remember using a rotary phone as a child, haha...so long ago!
 I think everyone is addicted to their phones, lol! It has been great chatting! I now want to watch some drama shows on my phone now...or listen to some country music...hahaha! you have a great day!
 hello,  how are you?  The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
 It is, wow.  This is cool.  In Japan, at age 100, a pair of identical twins released a rap album in 1992.
 Yeah I bet he's really good haha. In his contract he specifies that he should be able to play golf twice a week during movie productions. I can see that you would only do that if you were really serious about the game
 If anyone can get producers to agree to that deal its Samuel L Jackson, after all he is the leader of the Avengers and he doesnt even have powers, 
 Who knows maybe we will watch that skill in the new Avengers movie lol, and I do, its one of my favorite activites.
 Hello
 hey hows it giong for you today
 well did you know linkin park's hybrid theory is the best selling album of the 21st century?
 I did not know, but I know it's a great musical group, one of the best I've heard
 ya I need to look that up, this says reel big fish re-recorded all their hits after losing the rights, that's pretty hardcore
 ya hopefully it sounded the same, I can believe that dark side of the moon is the best selling albums of 2014, its a great album
 its crazy the average golf course uses 312,000 gallons of water a day, seems like a huge waste of water
 ya they take up more space than rhode island and delaware combined, which is a huge amount of space
 what do you think about the course in dubai that needs 4,000,000 gallons of water, that is so much
 ya I agree, I wonder if artificial grass is comparable or if it would change the game too much
 Well, that kind of grass is very good, I do not think there is any kind of problem, although there are always problems
 did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon? I watched it as a kid I had no idea of how many episodes there were
 I did not like much pokemon
 Oh wow really?  That is amazing.  Who was he?  Sports are crazy today with players earning Millions of Dollars per year in the US.  Back in the 60's Professional Bowlers used to actually make far more money then Pro Football players in the NFL!
 Fantastic! I wish you well with your form of literature that uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language! Have a great day!
 They're jeans sizing are so messed up. Well speaking of jeans, I have to get mine out of the dryer. I hope you have a good day. Great chatting with you!
 Wow, that is a lot of tv episodes! Sometimes my room mate watches Golf on TV, haha, very uneventful. I just listen to my albums I have downloaded on my phone haha
 I know Golf is the worst even though there are so many Golf courses in the US they take up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware haha very popular! But on TV wow sooo slow. 
 Wow! These Golf courses require a lot of care! And yes, I love Linkin Park! I have all of their albums on my phone and if given the chance watch them on Youtube on my TV....So sad Chester passed away.
 Very true. I love Nirvana as well. I could just listen to music all day everyday instead of watching TV and be fine with it lol. One of my all time fav old albums is Dark side of the Moon. it was released over 40 years ago and still one of the best selling albums.
 Definitely, I agree. I watched The movie on TV and really liked it. The album is awesome! So do you have a favorite TV show? 
 haha, I love that 70's show too, And actually I am one of the few people who has never watched one episode of Game of Thrones lol I don't know why, just haven't. 
 Oh, cool. I usually like reading the books prior to watching them on TV or going to the movies. It's always different!
 Me too. I have a huge collection of books from throughout my life and even picked up some that I don't remember buying lol. Better than TV anyday, but I love my album collection too. 
 Yeah I am trying to get my nephews more into reading and not so much having screens in front of their faces 24/7. Anyway it was a good chat. Have a good day.
 If there were 24 hours worth of "news" to report, it might be different, but my first impression of most "shows" on CNN, Fox, etc is that they are not news at all, but opinion, editorial, and posturing.  But no one makes them put a warning label on the shows like they do on Diet sodas.
 I'm sure there would not be enough seats in the whole White House if they allowed everyone to have a place.  Have you ever been able to tour or visit the White House yourself?
 That's very true.  He was always one of my favorite Presidents - because of his personality and his environmental sensibility.  I appreciate that he liked nature and wanted to preserve it without feeling that conservation meant you should never touch or interact with nature.
 Yes, Teddy was definitely a character lol
 I once traveled to South Dakota and saw a "statue" of Teddy made of butter!
 It was cool!
 Hello! How are you!
 Very interesting indeed! I was reading about the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France, very cool. I think we have had some interesting presidents!
 Indeed we have had interesting presidents and wealthy ones as well.  The top three wealthiest were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I wonder out of the three who was the richest.  
 Lol and to think his wife got into trouble for over sharing her emails.  Goofy things happen in politics; for example, the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana.  
 Hahaha, really? That's hilarious, I wonder why! Politics are very crazy, while Bill Clinton was president he once predicted the national debt would only be zero dollars! He was a great president though.
 Zero dollars?  Wow what was he thinking.  He was over zealous for sure.  He even tried to find out about UFO's and Area 51. 
 I know! I heard about that too. Although finding out what is inside Area 51 would be really interesting! I would like to know for sure. So many mystery's in the government.
 Well I think we would have seen aliens by now if they did exist.  Another goofy president was from Indonesia because he released 3 pop albums while in office.  
 So funny.  Would it be rude if I say I'd rather stay in the guest house than the white house?  I wonder if you can see the solar panels George W. Bush installed on the White house from the guest house.  
 Bill Clinton was a good president.  On the other hand, did you know that Teddy Roosevelt was a strict conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the white house.  I wonder what Melania thinks about that.  
 Hahaha, she had a lot of Christmas tree's in the White House for sure and she definitely would not have liked that rule hahaa! 
 I could not agree more. Too bad it wasn't 1805 now lol. That would be interesting to have 2 different parties working together. Yes, the Christmas tree's in the White House were creepy to me after seeing A Handmaids Tale on tv...just strange I guess!
 I haven't seen that show yet, but I bet its good.  I love watching movies and even Bill Clinton is a fan of them.  He made an appearance on At the Movies with Roger Ebert in 1999.  He reviewed Fight Club and American Beauty.  Two controversial films.  
 I did hear about that, I love both of those movies. But in all the presidents we have had in the White House I think my top choice is Bill Clinton, I didn't know he was Attorney General of Arkansas, I knew he was Governor though.
 I know! That is what I liked about him so much, he had different idea's. We need more of that in the White House! 
 Me too! We can't continue on like we are now, it's just not good. It has been really great having a chat with you! 
 Good chat.  Really enjoyed the chat.  
 I did too! I hope you have a great day! Bye!
 Yes, the Benz!! The model T Ford in 1908 was accessible to the masses!
 Nice, I was a big Jim Carey fan growing up.  I am glad to hear he is getting away from making dramas.
 That is wild!  That show was very popular though.  Aside from the money, I like the Michael Caine approach.  He became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama!
 That's a good way to meet women lol. 
 Now, you do not even need gas on some cars!  Thank you Elon!
 Good talking with you!
 I love cinematography and is interesting the word comes from the greek word kinema which means movement
 Motion picture photography, it is amazing that these are individual images that are projected and we view them as moving
 Not much but I did like Jim Carey's performance in some drama movies like Truman's show. But he will not do drama anymore
 And drama is pretty old, it comes from Ancient greece. It comes from a greek word that means action
 yes. I found it pretty funny that Michael Caine became an actor because the prettiest girls at school went for drama class
 Yes i just learned , and Ellie Kemper was one of his students!!
 Per episode, amazing. and going back to cinematography. did you ever hear about James Wong Howe?
 A chinese american cinematographer, he was and oscar winner
 yes, and he suffered discrimination, because of this his marriage was considered illegal
 That is right they need to be persistent like Roger Deakins
 Nominations but no awards. well you have a nice day!
 At least George w. bush try to conserve by having solar panels put back on the white house.
 The first president of zimbabwe has a funny name
 yes banana. I would not have called him that lol
 Well I have 1 in 88,000 odds of being with a model lol
 yes and winning the powerball jackpot are 1 in 175 million. You have better odds
 It was nice chatting. I am about to learn more about Melania Trump design background
 I love MindHunter on Netflix
 Happy Holidays!
 How are you doing? Im am doing well.
 Yeah. Reading is a wonder in itself to attain a wealth of knowledge.
 So do I.  I watch them in my free time.  Hugh Luarie is one of my most favorite stars
 You should watch his show if you have time.  By the way, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 bye
 Hello! Do you like horror movies?
 I love horror movies too! I prefer supernatural and psychological! Stephen king believes the first horror movie he ever saw was bambi.
 That definitely would have been an interesting horror movie. Apparently watching a horror movie can burn more than 180 calories! 
 That's pretty weird, I wonder what they thought they were doing. I read that very religious people wouldn't even watch the movie when it came out for fear of being possessed themselves.
 That would have certainly been a flip from the family classic it is now! I wonder if ET would have been some kind of monster.
 The boy in the shining didn't know he was in a horror movie either until some years later!
 I watch tv from time to time, but I do have a few shows I like to keep current on! Did you watch pokemon growing up?
 Yeah, that it 50 a year for 16 years straight! Crazy! There's only one episode of the simpons where bart is not shown or mentioned.
 That's pretty interesting! Ringo starr, george carlin and alec baldwin all narrated Thomas the tank engine about 52 episodes each!
 I do, I like watching those narrated animal shows about the African plains or the ocean!
 That's pretty cool, animals definitely get the short end of the stick when it comes to rights, but it looks like switzerland has the right idea! It was really nice chatting with you!
 Yep, for sure. It was good chatting with you as well. 
 Yeah one of them being ringo starr. nice chat :)
 I dont really like them either but if I can burn 180 calories then I might give then a try lol
 It was good talking to you!
 Haha I would listen to alien radio! I would also listen to Canadian radio because apparently 40% of Canadian radio has to be sourced from Canadian music
 I hate it haha. I think we should be like that state in Germany and make it illegal. And I mean all of it!
 I think I heard about that somewhere. Well, guess that explains why they're not relevant anymore. They were more color-blind than Mark Zuckerberg - they couldn't see all the green they could have made!
 They're kinda corny, but that's what makes them fun! Apparently there's a collection of them online somewhere where you can check them out if you want.
 Just got to tune an AM radio right and you'll get the signals. You should try and see if you can do it!
 I'd believe it! But I'm gonna go try it out on my own guitar and see. So see ya later! Nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am well. I have two kids so I do not have a ton of free time. I do find time to work out though. I have to do it from 430 - 615 am.
 No clue. That is strange...I have been off of it since January 1, only on for work, which has been 4 times. I have so much freedom!
 I would unfriend them all. It would only be 10 whoppers though. Yes, I would sell out my friends for 10 whoppers.
 haha... if it where chick fil a I would too, lol. 
 I would do it for a thing of waffle fries! This is more of a commentary on my love of food than my friends. They're great but they're not an original chicken sandwich great!
 Probably to protect him. It was nice chatting with you!
 Yes, i love shopping online, i shop all the time. 
 yes, amazon is one of my favorite online stores to shop at. i love amazon prime. 
 Yes, thats the favorite part, i can order early in the day and receive my items the same day too
 great to know, i will have to check it out. 
 wow, $30 and received a building named after him, that's awesome.
 15 miles, i couldn't imagine walking that much at work. that dedications but i'm grateful for their determination.
 wow, you know alot about amazon. i didnt know that either. i wish i could afford to buy stock in amazon, they are really thriving. 
 Yeah it seems. Do you watch any tv?
 Yes, i watch plenty of t.v.. what shows do you watch?
 i haven't watched the Simpsons in years but i do like CSI shows
 Nice, I enjoy them too actually, interesting. 
 Yes, I think so too. I'm off to watch some more Netflix!
 I did.  He was famous for his hook shot and dunking.  He dunked so much in college that they banned if for over a decade!
 If you cannot stop it, get it banned???? Seems like a fearful reasonse.
 LOL I think it was because they used to shatter the backboards back then and the games would have to stop.  The rims would just shatter to tiny shards of glass.
 Good for him. He's trying to help recycle by breaking it up into smaller pieces. You're welcome!
 The inventor of basketball and the losingest coach in Kansas history? I ma aware of him. If you invent the game, just change the rules to get a better winning record!
 Yes! ..and lol!  In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach!  Wonder how the tax payers feel about that in those states?
 If it is Alabama and football, pretty good. Their total profit was $48M with a $2M surplus, which is $2M that the state does not need to subsidize.
 Ahh...I didn't know that.  So if they make a profit then the state doesn't have to susidize?
 Correct. They help offset the cost of the second tiered sports.
 Ok.  Cool.  I didn't even think about taxes and state college coach salaries until today.  lol  Do you know what they call the basketball court that is on the top floor of the US supreme court building?
 You got it!  lol  The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks".  What are they thinking?  That's nuts.
 No doubt!  Do you use Facebook?
 Yes I do.  Did you hear about the Facebook promotion that Burger King had?
 Unfriend 10 people and get a Whooper! Nice chatting with you!
 I know! I also find Amazon very convenient.  And I love that it is based in Seattle, Washington.
 My friend works in an Amazon warehouse, he tells me he gets about 10 miles of walking in everyday!
 Simpsons is great!  I also like South Park.  When South Park aired its family guy episode, the Simpsons crew sent them flowers!
 That was sweet!  I'll never get tired of watching Pokemon, especially since I have 750 episodes to choose from.  Are you a fan?
 It would be fun to visit Googleplex, the headquarters in Mountain View, California.
 That sure is!  Nice talking to you!
 Same here, have a great one.
 They even own IMBD since the year 1998
 ya that is cool! also cool is best buy and target will now match amazon's price, I know I've done that before
 Talking about sales only Alibaba has higher numbers on total sales!!
 Yes, I did. It is a nice and simple logo. do you know that Amazon has a deal with USPS where they deliver packages on Sunday!!
 I think that is great! I would want  to walk that distance as part of my job. Do you use google often?
 I use everyday all the time!!! Well I am going to let you go! have a good one!
 I do too. They have some fun people working there and coming up with ideas. They even call new employees nooglers!
 Same here.  I think I'm connected almost constantly when I'm home.  Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?  lol  I never knew that.
 lol  Me too.  There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest.  That's amazing.
 lol That's funny!  Only 7 percent of people read the full terms when buying a product or service online.  Do you read the full terms?  I go over them but it looks like I'm in the minority.
 lol Did you know that the space shuttles general purpose computer only ran on 1mb of RAM.  Crazy.
 I know right?  lol  In 1936 the Russians made a computer that ran on water.  I didn't even know computers were around that early.
 Not sure.  But it's an interesting concept.  Someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.  They must have been bored. lol
 I know.  lol  Technology has come such a long way that an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.  That's amazing and kind of scary at the same time.
 LOL  You're right!  I remember my Texas Instruments calculator now that you mention it.  I thought that thing was so high tech and now it's worthless.  lol  On the subject of phones...Unicef has a program where they will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.  I'm going to have to look more into that.  
 Same here and seems like an easy cause to contribute to.  I don't use my phone that much.  A little early history on the rotary phone reveals that New York's area code was/is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.  Wonder why they didn't pick 121?
 Good point!  I sure wouldn't have wanted to be the one who had to lay the phone and internet cables across the Oceans.  That had to have been one heck of a job.
 I agree, you can then invest your earnings in a better way, you know that granny style is the best way to shoot but players dont do it because it kind of looks stupid
 You as well. Have a good evening.
 That is funny but smoking makes warranties on apple computer to be void when they are smoke near them
 No, I do not take many.  I do however enjoy the telephone.  I think it is such a great invention!
 It took two tanks! I think it is safe to say for the average person we can't pull apart two interleaved phone books. 
 Wow!  How awesome is the internet?  A Global system of interconnected computer networks that link devices worldwide.  We can communicate with someone in India instantaneously! 
 The internet is amazing. We have access to info that would have been impossible to know before like the library at Alexandria. 
 That is cool. People build computers out of some neat things. I saw one that was entirely clear plastic once. It was awesome to see all the inner parts. 
 Sure do, how about you?
 I love watching NBA, what about you?
 Same here, Have a good one
 Hi, how are you?  If you have an iphone, it's pretty powerful as it has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Yea, how does that work?  If you like charity work, then you can get Unicef to donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.
 Don't smoke near your apple computer or it will void the warranty!
 You would think booze would be more harmful to electrical equipment haha.  But speaking of computer power, the space shuttle's general purpose computer only ran on 1 mb of ram
 If you stare at the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites too much you might get cravings for a hamburger as that is its name.
 Psychiatric meds are more complicated than separating two phone books with their pages overlapped. I think big pharma should fall to the side similar to rotary phones. :D 
 On another note, the Russians were able to make a computer running on water
 I guess we had a computer before we even had a computer lol. Nice talking to you!
 No. Tell me about her. Is she Hispanic?
 I knew she is on Nickelodeon, but I did not know she was  a singer.
 Is Ariana Grande her real name?
 Someone told me she was hit by a hockey puck. Is that true?
 Well, that is one way to get attention... Another is through wild outfits. Does she wear wild costumes or anything? Maybe a Pilgrim outfit?
 Not her style? Ok. How about old Apple-branded clothing from the 1980s?
 No. I think the President shops at that store in Alabama that only sells clothing found in unclaimed baggage at airports. But the President is an enigma to me.
 Yeah, but is it big enough to house Ariana Grande and kanye West at the same time?  If so, then maybe Trump can record an album while he is in office, like the President of Indonesia!
 I wonder if he has a catchy stage name, like the President of Zimbabwe: President Banana?
 Well, I think Trump should role out a line of clothing too. He coul dhave it made in Korea, since he seems to visit there often, but he just needs to make sure ti is not labeled "Made in China" like the Rip Curl brand!
 Hahaha!  What country is he the president of?
 He is the first president of Zimbawe and yeah really funny
 That's great!  I wonder who the top 3 wealthiest presidents in the US are?
 Nice!  Thanks!  The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house for some reason.
 I would assume that the government owns it.  I've seen it before on the news.  It's on the white house property I believe.
 I am.  I wear clothes as much as I can.  lol  Seriously though...I do like shopping for them.
 I actually like this place called Charming Charlies lol I didn't know that Apple had a clothing brand.  
 They aren't pretty common at least where I live.  I have only 2 I can get to within a 2 hour drive from where I live.  They have a website though with a store locator menu.  Have you ever heard of Rip Curl?
 I see that they are made in North Korea, but the labels say made in China.  Seems shady.
 I agree!  Did you know that pilgrims actually wore cloths that were full of colors and not just black and white?  I've had a good time chatting with you!
 It's been fun  Have a good day!
 Yes, that's interesting. Very cool she held a charity concert after the Manchester bombing and raised $13,000.000 to help victims!!
 Right? Our childhood was all a lie
 Yes, Have a nice night!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
 Aahhh... great song... great band ;) did You see the movie ?
 hmmm... Syd Barret maybe...  or Nick Cave ! ;) 
 vocals and tech team to improve vocals digitally :)
 You're so right.... hey it was really nice chatting with You !
 I just love the story about the UK minister carting his 32,000 books.  I'm picturing a little 85 year old man with a wheelbarrow.
 I still love libraries! and I love mc donalds too. But I really think libraries do more good than mc donalds as well.
 They call it a library of things, and it is a great idea, you can avoid buying things that you will not use all the time
 That is a good incentive to write more. An you know what? a better deal if you write a children's book, they will buy 1500 copies!
 LOL now you're thinking! Did you hear about the man that was falsely imprisoned for 10 years, use the library to get his law degree, freed himself, and now helps other people who have been falsely accused
 In his case , I think it was a good thing he got imprisoned, he was able not only to help himself but others too.
 He helped create new friendships between books and readers. I think his daughter got a good legacy from him.
 Yep that was very nice of him. What do you think about the United States Senate? I think it's cool how there are two senators per state and thus there are 100 senators
 Something I like from the senate is the candy desk tradition, did you hear about that?
 It has candy like milky way, jelly beans and mars bars, I love milky way, delicious!!
 Oh my!! did you know that women were not allowed to use pants on the senate floor?
 I agree with you. Talking about politics and music, did you know there is a president who released 3 albums while he was a president?
 I heard about that. I think it was the president of Indonesia right? Maybe Trump should release some albums haha he could use it to pay for stuff
 I do not see Trump, Putin or other presidents doing that, but I would like to. It was nice chatting with you.Have a good one!
 Yes I want that too! It was a tradition ever since 1968 and is full of chocolate candies from Pennsylvania which sound delicious
 Yes absolutely, and also at age 85 to use a wheelbarrow full of books is very impressive to me to haha
 Hi, how are you?
 Makes sense. He created the national park service and national forest service. He was an environmentalist.
 He would have approved of Bush 41 putting solar panels on the roof!
 It is only available in the states so I am assuming they may use spotify for when he travels internationally.
 I guess that makes sense. They stream stand up comedy too so that may change their fortune.
 I like giving a thumbs up or down so that pandora can personalize my playlist. What kind of music do you give positive feedback on?
 I use the web at my desk at work. I love it!
 Nice. Nice chatting with you!
 Have a nice evening!
 Nice!  The first president of Zimababwe was called President Banana! lol
 He might have!  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president.  Interesting.
 No doubt!  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  He could come visit the reality show.  lol
 haha The white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.  Interesting!
 lol I hope not.  Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees from the white house.  That was a good idea on his part.
 Yes!  You have a good point there!  It took the secret service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the white house on Nov. 11, 2011.  Kind of scary to know they didn't catch that right when it happend.
 I didn't know that either.  Taylor Swift removed her music from Spotify, but kept it on Pandora.  Wonder why?
 Holy smokes!  Pandora now streams stand up comedy in addition to music.  It's been fun chatting!
 lol Have a great day!
 Yeah that must've been a huge accomplishment for him. I can't even imagine selling it once LOL. Are use Google so much though I am just happy it was founded back in 1998. Was nice chatting with you see you later.
 I have no idea,good point. It was nice chatting with you.
 That's really sincere of them.
 Thanks, have a good night!
 i wish i had a thousand extra bucks to throw into google in 1998.  could probably retire by now.  or Apple, or Amazon.  crazy...
 thanks
 Yes I loved that show!
 No, but I would love to. Have you?
 yeah, they have tolls everywhere. nice chat
 I like to travel when I can. I would love to go to Mackinac Island in Michigan. They banned cars and you must get around by horse drawn carriages or bikes.
 Nice. That is a far cry from the Dutch commuter buses that go 160 mph!
 King Kalakaua of Hawaii is rolling over in his grave at the notion of paying that much just to traverse one tiny Island. After all, he was the first King to travel around the world, and he probably spent less $!
 I doubt King Kalakaua passed through Iceland.  I bet hockey is popular in Iceland!
 I bet Iceland does love hockey. I know Canada sure does. They are the only country in the world with two national sports, lacrosse and hockey.
 Good move Canada!  I wonder if that player that was traded for $1, the one who went on to win 4 Stanley Cups, I wonder if he was Canadian?
 I watch all my hockey on the TV. Have you been to any live games?
 Better than making it into a pool table or something...  Yeah, my hockey is confined to a recliner. Much like when South Park aired it's Family Guy finale. I considered sending flowers to the producers, but .the Simpsons crew beat me to it!
 Neither have I. I have watched all three narrators of Thomas the Tank Engine though!
 I have too. I like the Americans and the British enjoy the show equally with having Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin narrate episodes.
 George Carlin was my favorite narrator. It was just enjoyable seeing the Hippy Dippy Weather guy in a conductor's outfit... They could have used a 160 mph commuter train on that show!
 Canned after 10 episodes? That is brutal...
 I am on episode 3... See you in 16 years!
 Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun information today!
 I as well. Enjoy your evening!
 Yeah, Nice chatting with you
 I think that the requirements to carry guns should be stricter!! Too often, guns end up in the wrong hands!! I support stronger background checks...and if a person checks out, they can receive a permit.
 No excuses, astronauts even vote from space.
 I agree completely with you on this. Thank you for a great chat as well. I hope you have a nice night!!!
 Good night.
 nice chatting with you
 You'd have to ask a kid...I'm old enough to be a Grandpa. But some things get finer with time. Like The Dark Side of the Moon, released 40 years ago and still one of the best selling album of 2014.
 Interesting. An old, old movie that still is interesting.  It's like those two identical twins in Japan who released a rap album at the age of 100. You caan't make this stuff up!
 All timeless truths of life. Speaking of rapping and politics, did you know that Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of congress under "cultural significance?"
 True. And rappers are so inventive too. Like the Korean rappers who inventeda new type of rap called, Compliment Battle.
 Nice. And even non rappers, like judges, get inventive when rap is involved. Did you hear about the judge who delivered her ruling in rap when she presided over a case involving the rapper, Eminem.
 Word. Serves Emminem anyway, since before he became a rapper he wanted to be a comic book artist. I bet he wished he had chosen that as a profession as he listened to the judge get all busy with it.
 True. His favorite superhero was Spiderman. I would have liked to see Emminem in a Spidy costume.
 Sure thing. I wonder if he ever performed in South Africa, the land where it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers as a deterrent to carjacking. Gives a new meaning to the term, Hot Wheels.
 Then you can take your car through a McDonalds drive through--the place where drive through windows were invented--and offer to heat up the fries. 
 Music to my ears. I'm out.
 hi
 no
 do you want "Isn't it a pity that the UK is a 'no-fly' zone for publishing the truth about this group? These Kremlin-connected oligarchs feel free to buy Belgravia, 
 yeah but very costly 
 ok
 yeah very educated
 yeah Schmitt resigned from NASA in August 1975 in order to run for election to the United States Senate as a member from New Mexico
 no
 ok sirand madam ,do you wand The short Russian flirtation with democratic norms in the 1990s, she said, had long since disappeared
 ok
 same to you sir ,have a happy hoilday
 on the other hand Emperor of Japan Akihito is a scientists and still publishes paper .. Doing something useful for sure
 Really? That's fascinating! Thanks for chatting, I learned a lot about jazz!
 It's been great talking to you!
 That sounds cool actually. Did you hear about the deaf rapper? I guess he apparently will rhyme in sign language
 From time to time if the channel I like plays it. Nice chatting with you
 Wow good one. It was nice chatting with you
 I'm old too, and yes, I have vinyls, i have cassettes, I have 8-track tapes, and I have CD.  They are all scratched.
 Yeah, but that rapm album made by the 100-yr-old Japanese twins is close on it's heels!
 I understand it about as well as any rap album. Word.  I prefer the Dark Side of the Moon...still going strong 40 years after it's release!
 Yup. And nobody is promoting it anymore!  Like NWA's Straight Outta Compton, an album that achieve platinum status without support of airplay or major tour...
 Pretty legit, although maybe not as legit as Tupac's music, listed in the librabry of congress under the category, "cultural significance"
 Maybe you would like the Korean freestyle rap called, Complement Battle? Sounds positive.
 You hear about the Michigan Judge that delivered her ruling in rap during a court case filed against the rapper Eminem? I wonder if she delivered any F-bombs?
 Probably. Tons of Eminem stuff online. Did yo know before he became a rapper, his dream was to be a comic book writer?
 Yeah. Did you see that music video filmed down in SOuth Africa where they used those cars equipped with flame throwers?  It's legal down there...
 Because old cars used to have wooden trunks on top of them. And if you rode on top of the trunk you were called a Trunk-Driver...  Don't trink and drive! Word out.
 No, I am too old to trink and drive! Anyway, I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
 It is a very fun car to drive. Yes it was the first car made on an assembly line.
 Nice I like the M3 and the 7 series. Did you know that it is illegal to warm up your car in Ohio?
 My husband likes the 7 series, a little too big for me. I am a fan of the M3 , perfect size and fun to drive also!
 Agreed, one of my friends had an M3, we had a lot of fun in that car. Did you know that when Audi started making cars for India they had create a new horn to withstand heavy use.
 Have a good night and enjoy driving!!
 I played clarinet as well! I know what you mean there. It's truly a great genre of music and I see why it's considered one of Americas original art forms.
 It was nice speaking to you today!!
 I know that the US has several bigger orchestras and I bet Chicago is one of the better ones.  I like that they are willing to play modern works as well.
 I haven't heard that one.  I am familiar with his father John's works though.  If his son is anything like his dad then I'm sure I will like it too!
 I haven't been able to in awhile though I wish I lived in Croatia and could attend a concert at an ancient Roman amphitheater. 
 I wonder that as well, maybe Linking Park did more concerts in that year due to the success of their album, that was a great album indeed.
 That sounds amazing. Personally I want to try attending a concert being held in an ancient roman amphitheatre. I heard croatia still has such a place as a venue
 In any case, this conversation of concerts and reading was a pleasant one. I hope you have a nice day.
 SHe is one of the funniest actors I know of
 It is a great show. I am glad that he got to break out. 
 Likewise. On another note, it has been great talkiig with you. Thanks!
 You as well. 
 That is so true!  What president was named that?
 Yeah. If they have enough energy to play a baseball game since 1909, they have enough energy to walk a little.
 And they were not allowed to wear pants until 1993 when Carol Mosley Braun wore them for the first time. Sexism!
 Yes, isn't that crazy. You would love it if you can ever visit because of all the memorials. Amazing!
 I would love to watch a baseball game while I was there. Maybe the Nationals, they have a cool stadium. If not maybe I could watch the US Congress game. They play every year but I doubt they are as good as the National.
 That would be fun and entertaining. A fun fact is that Elmo testified before congress! 
 Oh really? I wonder if he was tickled to be there? I would never want to testify in front of congress, probably means you are in some trouble
 There is some shortism happening in the US! Or maybe its because there is only a 62.8% turnout for voters, and all the short people stay home? I think more people should vote and have their voice heard.
 Yes, everybody should vote! Get out the vote, young and old!
 People fought and died for that right! Now take advantage!
 Yes, I agree with that. I couldn't have said it better. I honor the President because we were voting and he won. 
 Yes, I agree with the choice. Have a fun day.
 You as well. 
 Gonna go watch a documentary on China. Bye
 I do. I will read almost anything, really. I think it's hilarous that a judge once tried to ban sci-fi comics, because it had a black character.
 That sounds like a Mad Max society come to life ha ha. 
 You as well. 
 All the prettiest girls in his high school were in Drama class!
 I respect that, Jim Carey is a great actor and positivity is a great emotion to share and experience with others
 Thanks! Nice chatting with you as well!
 Have you heard about Fredie Blom?
 I know he is 114 years old.  Seems like a nice down to earth fellow.
 Cool.    If he were in the States, he would have seen a lot of baseball in that lifespan!
 It was formed 4.5 billion years ago.  So, it is a young planet with lots of density. 
 What is the name of Earth's satellite?
 About 71% of the earth is covered by water.  Mostly oceans.  Guess what is in the Earth?
 I know there is a solid iron inner core.
 That is amazing to learn.  I, for one, am glad we will be helium -free by the end of the 21st century.
 Cool.     I think I am going to go apply for the Ambassador to extraterrestrials job the UN opened up!   Thanks for the chat!
 wow...so much happened that year. Did you know around that same time MLB player Denton Young pitched a PERFECT game?!?
 wow 122 years old!! Ive heard that Guinness World Records ask for a great deal of paperwork and proof to hold that title.
 I know.  He is my new hero.  Changing topics, did you know that Kickball is also called soccer-baseball canada
 Yes I knew that. Even though the game of baseball is a bat-and-ball game played between two opposing teams who take turns batting and fielding, the game has different names in different places of the world
 can you say jackpot!!! did you know that Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only astronomical object known to harbor life.
 Oh, it was a riot. He said they would be made available in the Tesla merch shop, would be unisex, and paired with thigh-high boots and thigh-high socks "with pockets for lipliner and cards."
 Crazy rich people who are also extremely smart tend to be eccentric. There was a rumor that he was on acid when he went on that tweeting spree, but I doubt it. He was just being funny. He said they'd be "unis3x" and "s3xy" (these are quotes!).
 Oh I get it haha Musk.  Well its been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 That's very green! I like it.
 That's a good idea to have solar panels put on it.
 Yes, it was, very GREEN! Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you have a good day, friend.
 He doesn't need it. I also loved it because it runs Linux.
 Yeah, he did found Paypal and spacex.  Dude doesn't need cash lol
 I've done my share of it. Jersey has authorized online betting for their Atlantic city casinos. I may give it a try.
 Yep, the Presidents guest house is bigger then the white house!
 Haha, too funny!  He could release an album or change his name to a fruit like the first president of zimbabwe
 Hah! Imagine if Hillary had been the Vice President if they still did it like they used to where the runner up got that job? THat would be a fun White House.
 Talk about entertaining! I think that would be totally dysfunctional, too...well, to me it's already dysfunctional I guess
 yeah, you'd need a time machine lol
 Nice chatting
 Hello, I do actually, do you?
 Yeah it was antoine de la mothe cadillac
 Yeah, i think it does too haha
 hahaha no unfortunately i dont, why? Do you? haha
 They might if having a car is considered a luxury
 I do all the time when i'm in a hurry
 That was really benefitial i bet!
 I am sure it did and they capitalized on it too obviously
 Oh yeah? Well, cant get better advertisement than that, huh?
 You too!@ I hope you have a great night! Bye
 Hi! Yes I love dance and I like to dance as well, how about you?
 Wasn't he? I believe he won a cha cha championship long ago! He must be a very good dancer.
 Wow, that is awesome! I love ballet, although you go through 4 pair of pointe shoes every week which gets expensive. I never stayed in it but do love it!
 Awe, I love babies. That is true, they can stay with the beat too, and they smile more when they hear music. I was on the phone with a friend and her daughter was dancing to a video on tv it was so cute being on video chat!
 I love my phone. It's nothing fancy but I use it like a computer and I can stay in contact with distant friends and relatives. I like to travel back home too but it is expensive.
 Yes, I grew up using a rotary phone. We didn't have a cordless phone until I was in my 20s lol...best thing ever!  The phone books were a pain back then lol.
 Exactly lol! It is amazing too that UNICEF donates a day of clean water to a child that needs it for every minute by not using your cell phone. 
 I believe on a phone that is the fastest numbers you can dial...on a rotary phone anyway.
 Wow, that's crazy! Great fact! Do you like to travel at all? I love it!
 No I haven't been but would love to travel to Japan and many other countries someday! Have you been?
 That is amazing! I hope to make it there one day. Well it has been great chatting! I must travel to the store now lol...have a great evening!
 Yes, they are country royalty in my book.  Most people view the "hillbilly" music with ignorance, but it's very beautiful music. 
 I think you can if you use an iphone, it has more computing power than the US nuclear icbm deterrent
 no im sure he wouldnt.  i would like to take the cummuter bus the dutch are creating that is supposed to go 160mph. it does sound a little sketchy though.
 I think a Yeti is more common these days lol, anyways its been great chatting with you
 Hi, how are you?
 That's away awesome. I usually listen to that era at least a few times a month. I feel like I appreciate today's music more when I can understand the roots.
 I will check those out. Nice chatting with you!
 Nice chatting with you too! Happy travels!
 yeah, but you would get to fly all the time, like they do.
 Television is the biggest entertainment medium for news, ads, fun. which is famous for transporting the moving images.
 Yes. After second world war, the TV is well improved into black and white. TV is the primary medium for influencing the public opinion.
 The early bulky and heavily cathrode ray tube is replaced with flat compact.
 It is very interesting. Television using high-powered radio frequency transmitter to broadcast the signal of individual TV as receiver using antenna.
 Due to the advance of the technology all the modified today we are using LED tv.
 Yes. Do you like live concert ?
 I like Jazz type of concert which is originated in African - American communities of New Orleans. Jazz spread around the world as the America classical music.
 Cool Jazz developed the end of the 1940s, making pleasant and smooth sound for the pleasant person its the next step the Jazz musics.
 It is America classical music. Mostly it is like by very one. Teenager is very much interest in it.
 That is also true.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Oh, yes! I'm a huge dog lover.  I'm like Google, I prefer dogs to cats and if I owned a company, our code of conduct would state that we're a dog company as well! Ha! What about you?
 Very cool! I love elephants.Love the idea of vending machines for food and water in exchange for plastic bottles. We need that here!
 I couldn't agree with you more! I would love to see us do that here! We would need someone famous to start a movement to get those vending machines here. Maybe Clint Eastwood? Speaking of Eastwood, did you know he's also a pianist and jazz enthusiast. He actually has scored several films as well!
 Is that so? That is actually crazy! Ha! Are you a fan of jazz by chance? I am and love that Pakistani jazz orchestra that's topping the charts at the moment!
 No I have not but that is interesting and if love to visit there! Jazz is considered America's classical music. I also love cool jazz which was developed in the late 1940s!
 wesley Bell won over the incumbent. He pointed out on Facebook before the election; Let's show them what DEMOCRACY looks like. I think it was a positive campaign message.
 It is impressive also that Wesley Bell who happens to be black has also served as a judge and prosecutor.
 That is very impressive! McCulloch always tried to make Bell look inexperienced...but Bell always had a great come back.
 Wow! Before you know it we will be doing our presidential Elections on Facebook lol!
 Right? I agree. We need more people to vote and do it right. Nevada even has a none of these candidates....check box on their ballots.....crazy
 Radio is great! I still listen to it in my car. Wow, that is interesting, I wonder what station that would be on? I could just ask on Facebook I am sure someone knows lol
 Great chat! Thanks a bunch! Bye!
 Yes I remember when you had to have a college email to register to use Facebook!
 Oh wow I didn't know that that is kind of funny. Burger King once had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on Facebook you get a free whopper. I would definitely have participated in that!
 I did not and I kind of regret it! I know the people you unfriended would actually get a message letting them know you did so for a burger.
 No I don't think you would like that haha. I think he would also not like that the Indonesian president released three pop albums, I'm shocked that Trump and Kanye don't work on one in the guest house haha
 Hahahha, I know. You are funny. Nice chatting with you
 Oh, I see. When I used to watch television I like comedy shows the best. The Big Bang Theory was one of my favorites!
 I tried to watch that comedy film but I wasn't able to watch it without interruption. I like slapstick comedies, too, like Laurel and Hardy and The Three Stooges episodes.
 Nice, there are some good ones out there for sure. Nice chat.
 No way! I found it funny that Blair house is larger than the white house, yet when the Bush family stayed there for Bush 41's funeral they had to pull out air mattresses because there weren't enough beds. 
 Jefferson is fascinating. He was not into pomp and circumstance and would often greet guests in plain work attire straight from his gardens. I can only imagine what a state dinner under his administration would be like. He had many artifacts, plants and animals brought to him by his guests that were unusual or rare.
 He was definitely an animal  and natural lover.  His staff must be very comfortable working for him
 I hope i will in the near future.  By the way, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 Nice chatting with you as well. Maybe we will see each other at the white house one day! Happy holidays!
 Bye bye
 Yeah, it would be interesting. Nice chatting with you
 I'm not sure.  George W. Bush had solar panels put back on the White House.
 Yes.  Kind of goes against the solar panels? lol  Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House.  Kind of odd.
 hahahaha  The White House was shot at on Nov. 11, 2011 and it took 4 days for the secret service to realize that bullets struck the White House.
 I know.  Scary.  The top 3 wealthiest US presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I know.  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!  lol
 Funny stuff.  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was in office.
 That would be my guess.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election would automatically become the vice president.  Could you imagine Hillary and Trump doing that now?
 I agree.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Toured years ago. Have to admit I'd love to be invited to a splashy dinner there...
 Exactly!  Sometimes it takes me 15 minutes or longer to find something to watch when I am searching on Netflix or Amazon. There are so many choices, and I'm only able to see what they actually have in their library!
 Same here, but I do like the "because you watched X" feature. It helps me find additional programming similar to what I know I like.
 nice talkin to u,  have a good one.  Hope u enjoy The Good Life!
 That's what I've heard.  How about Pineapple Express?  I've heard that it's pretty funny, but I've never seen it.  
 Yes!  He was on Whose Line Is It Anyway, wasn't he?  A very funny guy!
 Yes. he is funny. nice chatting with you
 That would be interesting, probably not great for the country, but I'd whip up some popcorn to watch.
 I worry about inflation with it is all, with as high as some people want it to be. So with all the bickering Republicans and Democrats do they still have an annual Congress baseball game between them.
 I heard about that. Apparently no human would be able to play it. It's called Circus galop
 Well said. Thanks a lot for chatting. Enjoy some music you love today! Cheers!!
 Howdy friend! Ever hear of Eric Garcetti?
 I may write in a candidate: the first President of Zimbabwe: President Banana in 2020
 We could get the President of Indonesia to write a theme song for the candidate. After all, he did release 3 pop albums while he was in office!
 Me too! If we win the Presidency with our candidate, then maybe we can stay at the president's guest house. I hear it is bigger than the White House! 
 Yeah. I wonder if the guest house can be seen on Google Earth like the White house can. When you zoom in on Google maps, you can see Barack Obama.
 No joke. Obama was in the White house 8 years and only vetoed 2 bills. A far cry from FDR who vetoed 635.  Nice chatting with you!
 I agree, goodnight
 Hi, how are you?
 It's a really hairy situation that needs to be groomed more before we can report on it.
 Agreed. Or when you zoom into the white house on google maps you can see Barack Obama. How weird...
 Really? I thought it was written in the constitution that the president had to be born in the US. That's gotta chap the birther's hyde.
 That's coco-nuts! (Sorry) I do remember the hope i felt when he first got elected. He has that energy in the IL house too.
 HAHAHA. Maybe he was just self-conscious about his weight. 
 Did you know the Republican party is known as the Grand Old Party. I think it's a bunch of guys that are not diverse...
 I know, right? Speaking of The Simpson's, the crew actually sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was nice of them!
 It would be cool if they did both shows together with the characters intermixing
 Hi, how are you?
 It doesn't matter since he was voted the sexiest man alive by the onion...
 I think they have huge empty cities that replicate US cities. Like there's a Boston sitting empty in North Korea... cause... North Korea!
 They have to if Dennis Rodman is basically an Ambassador.
 HA! I am not sure, that Jailblazers team might be the highest court in the land and Im not talking elevation!
 It was nice chatting with you.
 I do not even want to see it. nice chat
 Yeah maybe it was that part after all. Nice chat
 Cool.    When did the service start?
 Probably true!     They have some sort of partnering program.   Do you know what it's called?
 Im not sure what the name is but what I can tell you is that Youtube is after google the largest search engine, its #2!!
 Wow.     I heard they had to change something because of the popularity of Psy's video.  What was it called?
 Yeah, probably not great viewing unless you like law enforcement videos!
 Whats your favorite show? I used to like That 70's show it was really fun specially Fez.
 Yes, I am listening to some music from it while not watching the videos. I think that the sound quality is much better than other places.
 Yes, I agree. You Tube is actually the second largest search engine on the net.
 They use Blue Tube to share law enforcement videos.
 I do like to watch TV. 
 I like the Simpsons a lot. There is only one episode where Bart doesn't appear and is not mentioned.
 That is so weird! Did you know the Simpson's crew sent flowers to South Par's Family Guy when they aired the final episode?
 I didn't know that. I wonder what that is about. When I was little my parents and I all enjoyed the Simpsons together. I also liked Pokemon. They didn't like that that much.
 Yeah that's 50 a year for 16 years straight. Now my kids watch it as well.
 Haha, but you gotta catch all the episodes as well right? Just kidding, I would not want to watch all the episodes. Sounds like something out of a horror movie.
 Not with all the popcorn I eat. Haha. I like the creepy metallic noises in horror movies, the ones made by a waterphone. I'd love to hide in the dark and follow people around with one.
 Not me, I'm way too chicken! Good chatting with you today.
 LOL I like that joke haha. Why do you think Uranus rotates sideways and rolls around the Sun! It must have something to do with its name LOL
 Thank you you too, don't forget to wear shoes! They're very important for protecting your feet
 The other names are Tellus and Telluris. Pretty awesome. Nice chat!!
 I don't know how much it would add up to today. But then, nobody really knows what Trump's actual net worth is -- he might actually be so much in hock he's in the red and his creditors are just giving him an allowance and running his businesses as silent partners, LOL.
 Yeah. It was about two high school girls who managed to get hired to walk Nixon's dog and wound up getting involved in the middle of the Watergate scandal. Some of the characterizations were amazing. 
 I really am hopeful that such a huge majority of Millennials and Gen Z are not only Democrats but support left-leaning politicians like AOC and Sanders. Hopefully when we reach the tipping point things will change fast.
 Nice talking with you!
 That would be a mess indeed, and sorry I meant vice president not president, I think they would try to kill each other like every day
 But there is a candy desk so that would help the stress!
 I know! I wonder if, with the current health food trends, there will be a day where there are clif bars or more healthy foods.
 Yeah. Some men did not vote in the UK until 1918.
 That is surprising. That is what makes a democracy so great is having a say!
 Unless you are a woman or minority, then you can vote after the white men. 
 Seems about right. I would have loved to made that vote. That just seems funny.
 It was great chatting with you. Have a good one!
 So I just embarrassed myself for no reason? HAHAHA... I had no idea he danced in high school. I wonder why and if it helped.
 A lot more than I am willing to put in, which is exactly 0, unless there is an open bar at a wedding, then I will dance! Ii want to use the machine michael jackson uses to do that extreme lean.
 I think my son has watched almost all of them. And I have also picked up that many of his pokemon cards...
 My son so wants to play that game. I would rather have him watch thomas the tank.
 Yes, that is true. And George carlin and alex baldwin both voiced Thomas too.
 I do and South Park is one of my favorite shows. In fact, the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was awesome of them!
 It was great talking to you!
 Wow I wonder what happened there. Nice chatting with you :)
 Same here
 I'm doing amazing today how about yourself, Do you like watching tv shows like Family guy and south park?
 South park is necessary for pop culture those 2 guys that made that show are legends. Did you know they write the episodes about events that are currently happening so they will add in last minute references to current events as soon as they happen
 YESSSSS. Bart is one of my favorite cartoon characters of all time
 He moved really smooth while fighting in films so it definitely makes sense
 Yeah, I had learned that! It is a really funny tactic to getting in the other teams head, too funny! I love college football. The highest score ever was 222-0. That's nuts, right?
 GO figure, cultural approaches. Nice chatting with you.
 It sounds like a lot of money for a flag.  Anyway, I've got to run.  It was enjoyable chatting with you.  Take care.
 I had one too many arguments with my brothers over it when I was a kid to enjoy it anymore, haha. There's a reason the makers have a holiday hotline to mediate family arguments over the game.
 Yes that is 15%. Nice chat tonight
 Hello!
 I do find history about past presidents very interesting!
 The system of USA government is ever changing.  untill 1805 the runner up of the presidential election became the vice president.  May the odds ever be in your favor.
 Haha, yes, politics seem to get into everything! it is interesting too that the colors red and blue have only been around since 2000 for the use of being Democrat or Republican.
 Right! Interesting. Kind of like how 15% of the Tea Party movement identify as Democrats!
 Exactly, good question! I find it interesting how many years ago the Republican party was considered classical liberalism....
 I believe so! Everything about the 2 parties has changed a lot over the earlier years. I say let us all forget sides and just vote for whoever is best for our country. In the past I have voted both Democrat and Republican. I just want the best candidate for president!
 Zimbabwe did that with their first election.  People smiled so much leaving the poles.  they had elected the Top Banana as president.
 Haha, I love the name! Maybe he was the one who put out 3 pop albums while in office!
 It does seem like popularity is a commodity.  Some politicians have it and could do well with an album. 
 I think so, I believe Ronald Reagan was in a movie and he became president.
 That is interesting! I read that every U.S president who had a beard was a Republican, that's interesting.
 Haha, that's a funny visual! I agree on that. Interesting too that the Republican party has lost the popular vote in 6 out the last 7 Presidential elections. It has been great chatting! Have a great evening!
 ha, ha, ha, yes, omg! Wonder what they sound like. Bet there is a lot of drums.
 Haha yeah I think it was renegade
 Wow good for them, he did win. Nice chat
 I wonder why he's named after the fruit! Maybe it means something different in his country.
 I would love to hear Trump and Hillary rap!
 Oh yeah but I don't think it was quite as publicized as the Kardashian visit. Nice to see that they used their platform for good causes.
 That is very cold, perhaps he grew up in the cold climates and is used to the cold. I would be freezing and pull out all my winter gear in those temperatures.
 Haha-so true. He is a smart man though. Speaking of smart, did you know Woodrow Wilson is the only President to have a PHD?
 I do think he was held in pretty high regard. Another note on Presidential talent was FDR who was the last President to fluently speak a foreign language.
 No, I do not, who are they? I imagine there's a lot!
 I would say there is for sure! Interesting that the first phone number for the White House was 1. I wondered if they changed it because of a good reason, or because they couldn't agree on that either.
 That is probably for security I would think. Did you know you can mail a birth certificate to the White House and they'll send you a congratulations card back? I wish I would have done that!
 Fun to chat with you too! Have a good day!
 Mainly just local streams.  I remember once I reeled back and then fling the rod upward only to get the hook caught in an overhead tree branch!  Ahhh... like I said, not much luck there.  LOL.
 Oh, that would have been a bit nutty!  Well, it was neat chatting with ya!  Have a great day!
 You, too. Thanks. Cheers!
 Not at all, especially after this whole wall thing. Are you?
 I think you have the right idea! I can only imagine what Trump would look like singing pop! Lol.
 The tensions would be high! The last us president to speak a foreign language was FDR. You would think it would be more common.
 I do, I believe some others are jfk and washington!
 Key word is if! The only president to have a PHD was wilson. Maybe we should start requiring higher education to avoid people like Trump! 
 He likes to think so! I think there's a saying that goes something like anyone that thinks they're a genius probably aren't. 
 Fish are pretty cool! The ocean is fascinating! Did you know there are immortal jellyfish?
 who knows!
 That's pretty crazy. I guess now that I think about it, no other fish do have necks! The oldest goldfish lived until 43. I think mine lived a year. 
 It was nice chatting with you too! 
 HA! Good point! Try to get $100M from a gov employee, especially sine it's shut down and no one is getting paid! Imagine going through oxygen deprivation while you're flying the aircraft. 
 HAHAHA... no but I think you have some stories that might be better told face-to-face, without a paper trail... 
 That's weird. The only fish
 You would'nt want to be immortal? Ok, maybe not immortal... as I write that, it seems too long but add 100 years on to my pension and I'd be good!
 True... Nice chatting with you!
 Hello! Did you know you can pick up radio storms from Jupiter on an AM radio? Crazy. 
 Probably like Rush Limbaugh. Haha. In Canada, at least 40% of music played on the radio has to be Canadian. Lots of Justin Bieber, I'm guessing. 
 That's really cook. In World War II soldiers made makeshift radios using razorblades and pencils. They called them Foxhole Radios. 
 The human spirit endures, that's for sure. Speaking of radio dramas, there's a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free. I'll have to look up the URL later. Sounds interesting. 
 Also educational -- facts about politics! There hasn't been a president who wasn't Democrat or Republican since 1853. Maybe time to move past the two-party system?
 Yeah, the shift is crazy. Harry Truman wouldn't have his picture taken at Disneyland on a Dumbo ride because he didn't want to be associated with the GOP. I'm assuming because of the elephant imagery -- and not his name. Ha. 
 Haha. I didn't realize that red and blue used consistently to identify the GOP and Dems only started in 2000. 
 That's interesting. Another eye-opening fact -- 86% of Nevada's land is owned by the government. 
 I'm betting they do a lot of military testing there. In France, a man impersonating a government official managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. Wonder how much he got for it?
 I bet he didn't get close to $1Billion, which is what the Norwegian donated in 2008 to save the Amazon rainforest. 
 Nice. Been great talking with you!
 I am also Independent or unaffiliated! Ha
 That is very interesting! I love how WikiLeaks published the governments plans to destroy WikiLeaks!
 Some genius soldier, possibly! Hey it was great chatting with you!
 Yes, it's been a pleasure to discuss our country's history and our political parties' view points.
 goodbye
 I know a lot about it. Do you like the NFL?
 Sorry, Game of Thrones. Tom Brady make half what his wife makes.
 That's a lot! Good thing he had Randy Moss to catch all those passes. He's great!
 ya its really weird, he's also never eaten a tomato, he has a weird diet but it works!
 Hi, how are you?
 yes. I am from Chicago so I am a bears fan. 
 Ooh tough loss, double doink!
 Right! I was shocked to even make the playoffs. Since we lost this years and next years draft pick for Mack, I wanted them to win all the games they could, because I don't care for the Raiders... They don't need a higher draft pick.
 Im indifferent to him. Most people hate him but I really admire him. He's been doing this for a long time at a high level. YOu gotta admire his greatness. You?
 I was so glad that we beat him in the super bowl
 I would have loved to be an eagles fan that weekend. I would have been so happy and a lot drunk...
 I think the Pats. But to be honest, I just want a fun game. You?
 I'm rooting for the Rams
 Nice chatting with you.
 Maybe the NFL should use some of those tracking chips on the cheerleaders, lol. Well I guess we rounded out our mission and I would like to thank you for your time chatting with me. 
 Yes, I imagine lots of controversy if that were to really happen. Nice chat. Have a great day.
 I know right and we are glued to the tv for so long when you think about it. 
 That is really strange. I wonder if he is allergic. it was nice chatting with you
 I did not know that. I do love chips though, especially Doritos!
 I'd say so! It was nice chatting with you!
 Yeah I love football. Im a steelers fan how bout you.
 Tom Brady is on the Patriots
 He is lol, great QB though, he doesnt like to eat strawberries so thats weird
 That is a little bit weird. I bet ne never tried them with sugar.
 Did you know bill belichick is the winningest coach in the postseason.
 Did you know giselle makes double what tom does. 
 Brady is on the injury report every week. Wonder why.
 Maybe. They sure do win a lot
 Did you know Brady threw 50 TDs in one season.
 It is very impressive.
 Well they are tied for most wins with the Steelers. 
 Yes, I agree with your comment and had read Brady has a tight diet and exercise regime, but was surprised he had a problem with strawberries.
 I have watched probably a dozen episodes, but know if the Starks or the Lannisters are good or bad. you have to pay attention and follow closely so I'll take your word on that, though that analogy will make my wife smile later (especially both Chiefs fans living in Boston), though in the Superbowl you support the locals so I'll be on the dark side too.
 Yeah same. How about that 70's show? I liked it but i have never seen the British version.
 Me too. I go to the gym but my gym has not banned cable news.
 I feel like LIfetime is a good gym that wouldn't have that type of tension but today's politics has people HEATED!
 They have to get more and more sensational to keep their viewers.  It's funny, at the YMCA I kind of pick which treadmill to use based on witch TV it is front, I do have my favorites.
 Make sense. I am lucky that the gym I use has tvs on them. That's been a good thing. Plus, I usually bring my ipad to read books on.
 I sometime listen to the radio on the treadmill, if I can find something really engrossing it can make the time pass quicker, I just need the right entertainment.
 Me too. I listen to a lot of podcasts on the treadmill. I also read and listen to classical. I am weird.
 Hey whatever works.  In past years I've been training for marathons on the treadmill in winter, I'd have to do up to sixteen miles once or twice, any entertainment to make the time pass is appreciated.
 I know, I live in a cold place and can't get on the streets until at least late March.    I'm just glad I don't do sixteen miles in front of Fox News.  That would really ruin my day.
 I agree! It was nice chatting with you!
 Yes, Lifetime fitness just removed channels like CNN, Fox News, MSNBC and CNBC becaucse they are too politically charged.
 That is true. It just does not have to be on the big screens.
 I guess they have a love hate relationship with the Simpsons!
 It sure is better than the entertainment they had in Britain around 50bc, breeding chickens.
 It's cool that Hybrid Theory is so popular. I loved Linkin Park -- they were one of the early 00s groups that were like holdovers from the grunge era.
 I have not tried it, but I have heard it is a very cool experience.  Bob Marley is also still popular.  He's been on the carts for over 914 weeks!
 Honestly, try doing guitar hero first.  I have never played the guitar, but I feel like I could now after playing that game!
 I'm mostly a cat person, but I like dogs! I thought of getting a terrier or dachsund or some other earth dog for a while, because of the groundhogs bothering my garden.
 That is a good idea!  I like cats too, but it really impresses me that dogs can learn more than 1000 words!
 Cats know the words too, they just don't seem like it because they're ignoring you LOL.
 I've got one named Buddy who seems to be an engineering genius at figuring out how to get into things I don't want him to. If he had hands he'd be like one of those squirrels you can't keep out of bird feeders.
 Haha, that is awesome.  My daughter really wants us to get a cat.  I think we will make the plunge soon!
 I bet you'll be glad you did. Hope she enjoys it! Nice chatting with you.
 Yes I do everyday.
 I use youtube and iheartradio but I also use regular radio on my car when I drive myself to work.
 I agree. Have you heard any news with regards to Life Time Fitness?
 Well I heard that they decided to eliminate all national cable news stations from their TV screens at their 128 fitness centers in the US and Canada.
 From what I read is because they are trying to eliminate the negativity and political stuff out of their gyms so that people who come in and do their workouts there to be more of a positive environment.
 Me too. I think this was the right move by the Life Time Fitness. Do you know who owns Fox News by any chance?
 Does he also own Fox Entertainment Group?
 I don't think so either. So do you think that News Corporation owns Fox news?
 That is weird. I read somewhere that the reason they did this was political.
 Yes. It was a great chat, thanks!!!
 You too. Thanks
 See you as well!! Bye
 I know the Ramones are still going strong right?  I know the Stones will play forever until they physically can't
 Did you see the Family Guy episode they did a long time ago? Where Manatees where deciding how the plots of the shows went ? haha
 That sounds right. Well, it's been great chatting! Have a good day.
 I just think it is too spread out and not direct enough.  Like instead of sending one or two officials, they send six all with different ideas.  Anyways, it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a nice day. 
 Hello! Have you ever seen Jesus Christ Superstar? I actually watched that as a child and it was pretty wonderful lol
 Yeah, linkin park plays live pretty often it seems. They played 324 concerts just in 2001... that's like a concert a day
 Their first album was really successful!
 they seem about as successful as the ramones.. or just enjoy doing concerts. the ramones toured like non stop for OVER 20 years! that's incredible
 I understand.. it seems it would be a little crazy but also not something I'd personally enjoy. I'm not religious and don't think it sounds very fun...
 Oh well, I bet it will still receive a lot of audience and be successful anyway!  I think a lot of people will just want to see john legend lol
 I Think it's pretty crazy that this jesus christ superstar has been going on for almost 50 years
 Well... i like strange and weird!  That means it's not cookie cutter like so much stuff out there today!
 Yep same to you.
 Me either, probably never will. Just like the replica of the white house in Atlanta someone built for their home...lol
 No, I can't say I do know who they are, but I have heard there were 3 presidents who were the wealthiest out of all the presidents. I do know the only president to have a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.
 Yeah isn't that wild.  Well it was nice talking to you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your night. 
 That is pretty neat. Or even one of the White House's twin buildings in Ireland or France. I'd love to see those!
 Haha yes. You don't want to pollute the mind while getting the body health. I wonder if banning them will catch on at other gyms
 He got his break by wining a Steve Martin lookalike contest lol
 It's pretty good. I feel like it's made for the kids that grew up watching him too. It's called Bill Nye Saves the World.
 Still educational!
 I know that is crazy. Nice chatting with you
 Yeah, I've seen dumbed-down explanations of physicists' theories in pop science journals' saying that each one of those new universes that pops out as a big bang or while hole has its own laws, and the ones with laws that function well give birth to new universes on a similar pattern 
 Yep there's a movie and a whole bunch of games. The first movie is good but the second one is horrible. I never really played the games, but they were very violent and they are the reason for the rating system that we currently have in video games
 Never ate there -- I remember when they were called Showbiz and they had the hillbilly bears
 Quite possible, but not really my pet theory. I like the superhologram one. I enjoyed chatting with you! Maybe well chat in the parallel universe, if we can manage to get out of this black hole that were in.
 Hahaha same here. Have a good one
 Take care! Have a good night! Stay safe in the superhologram!
 YOu too
 That is a good idea actually. Nice chatting with you .
 Yes thank you for the chat, and if you take up golf, avoid that Australasian course with bull sharks in the water hazards. One errant shot and you might lose a leg. 
 I do enjoy mini golf, those courses don't need hundreds of thousands of gallons of water!
 Or that our president is not called president banana. I think carrot would be more appropriate...
 Did you know fox news threatened to sue the simpsons for paradying them? Fox News!
 I guess ill try to Simpsons. I will turn over a new leaf.
 No need to. Nice chatting with you!
 The earth is an amazig place, I am thankfull its our home
 It's been nice chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy the rest of your evening.
 haha that is true. nice chat
 Dogs I favorite animal by far! They are descended from wolves.
 Yes they do. From hunting, hurting, pulling loads, protection, companionship, and much more.
 The one good late fee. I'm glad Netflix decided to expand with streaming in 2010 it is my favorite aspect of the company now. It was great chatting with you thanks!
 I think should winning the House with a substantial number of pickups
 100 women.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 I don't know but I think that name was he identify the election.
 Yeah, absolutely correct.
 No, I own a Zepplin. Better mileage, but going through the McDonalds drive thru is a challenge...
 My biggest complaint: no trunk. Cars originally had awooden trunk on the back of the vehicle, and modern cars are equipped with a rear space called the trunk. Can't fit a trunk on the back of my Zeppelin.
 Thanks for the heads up!  I hear Cadillac is going to come out with a Zeppelin, named after its founder, Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac. It will be called the Fat Moth..
 No. But I have been to Mckinac Island. You know, the one where motorized vehicles are banned. I use the hand crank on my Zeppelin when there.
 Nice. My Zeppelin only goes0.160 mph, so I don't go anywhere quickly. But King Kalakaua, the first king to travel the globe...used a Zeppelin.
 You know, in 2010, the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials. He has a Zeppelin too.
 Cow farts. I have been experimenting with this concept, and I have some promising early results. My bigger concern is that 80% of the earths forests have been destroyed. Cows like forests.
 Ok. But if I leave for Iceland today, I should be there in 2067. Good thing our days are longer than they used to be when the world was new. If I was operating on 5.5-hour days, I don't think I would agree to go to iceland.
 ah haha that would be on a 24 hour day, Id have to do the math to recalculate for the 5.5 hour day haha
 Well, according to radiometric dating, the earth is 4.5 billion years old. I don't know how they use radios to calculate the age of the earth, but my Zeppelin has a radio... So, I'm set..
 haha you got it all, well make sure to recommend that mcdonalds builds a drive through for your zepellin!
 I don't know that guy's name. But yes I know that you made like three albums while he was in office LOL maybe Trump should do the same with Kanye since their friends haha
 No I think it would just create too much drama. Especially if you had Vice President Clinton and president Trump, just think about the dysfunction and the news stories lol
 Aw, have you ever had one? I have a fun fact about dogs! :) Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing! 
 Netflix started making their own productions in 2012 and they have made some great shows!
 Hm. There is one, it's called something like "Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat." It was so good! I've watched it quite a few times!
 Yeah! It was great talking with you as well! Have a wonderful night and enjoy some Netflix! I know I will! :)
 Haha. Me too! Rock on! Goodbye! :)
 ya, I know that Trump has Kanye over, maybe he could stay in the guest house and they could make a pop album? Like the pres. of indonesia did
 Yes I most certainly do.
 ya that would help raise voter turnout, I also like how nevada has a none of the above option when voting
 It shows which side of the car the gas cap is on. Nice chatting with you.
 Sometimes, I went to see linkin park once. 
 LOL. Why do they even bother? Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Take it easy. 
 I can imagine.    Well, on another topic, do you know much about Netflix?
 Netflix and Youtube alone make up half of peak internet traffic in the USA.
 I like Dramas.    Hugh Laurie is one of my favorite actors from House.
 I heard he made like $700K per episode!
 Yes.     Money is almost as good a reason to act as pretty girls according to Michael Caine.
 I like listening, but also reading such stories.
 I heard it was something about him only wanting to project positivity. 
 Wow. Nice chatting with you!
 That is fast, but you probably read faster than the people in the middles ages, they did not even read silently, they were saying each word. 
 Oh I thought it was discontinued. Yeah the streaming is the bulk of their business. It's funny blockbuster didn't want to work with them and look at them now.
 With higher and higher quality videos that number is probably only going to increase, and of course with more stuff to watch. Last time I looked netflix had almost 150 movies with 100% score on rotten tomatoes.
 I agree 100% I think 5g is the future since everyone is mobile these days. The speeds will be in the 1000s of megabits! While it's not as cool as being a movie critic, I applied for a job at netflix as a tagger. If I get it I'll get paid to watch movies and tag the content!
 That's an odd one to not have.  What do they have running on the tv over the holidays with family over!!  :))
 Hello, do you like Netflix?
 Really? I remember the time when blockbuster was the hit. they missed the opportunity of buying netflix
 ouch that is right. Netflix creators definitely, got something amazing out of something bad. Late fees. $40 at that time 
 That is a lot. But they have 137 million subscribers. For now they an cover this
 Everybody or mostly everybody loves Netflix. It used to be just in America. But now is extremely popular in Latin America and the Caribbean
 Absolutely! The subscription based streaming was the way to go for sure. I mean from morning till noon Netflix makes up 33% of all bandwith in North America alone.
 We all loves videos! Netflix and youtube are great. I remember the time when we did not have that. Everybody has access except China , Syria, North Korea and Crimea
 Yes and about movies, how do you like Drama movies or tv shows?
 Not usually my thing but I did love house and I totally see why hugh laurie got 700,000 an episode.
 Highest paid actor, he must love drama. 
 And I also liked Jim Carrey performing drama, like Truman show. But he will not do it anymore because he doe not want to act in movies that are not positive
 Yeah, that one makes me sad because he was excellent in his more dramatic roles, but I appreciate sticking to your principles. Haha a little unlike Michael Caine becoming an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class but hey do what you gotta do I guess.
 I did not know that about Michael Caine. He is an excellent actor. It turn out good for him to follow the pretty girls haha
 Something that I had always enjoyed and never want to change is reading and an interesting fact is that the fastest reading record is held by a woman who read 4700 words per minute
 Yes! well have a good night!
 That's a good idea. Maybe YOU should run for president.
 Talk soon!
 Makes sense. I'm wondering about the President of Indonesia. He released 3 pop albums while in the office. Looks like funny guy haha
 Same. It's almost totally a music medium for me. It's the main way I listen to music unless I need Spotify to access artists who've been taken down for copyright reason.
 Same!
 Haha you're right. What's funny is that The Simpsons producers send the South Park crew flowers after they did that episode. I think it was a 2-part episode as well
 Kind of like claymation. I think it's more just like stop animation because I think you don't really see the movement. Or at least it's with models. I guess I have to watch it again. I used to watch it as a kid haha
 Oh for sure. But at least if you travel to the top of Mount Everest you can have 3-g cell service. You can definitely do your Snapchat from up there haha
 Haha definitely! Have you ever read the terms of service online? Like when you're on a website? Apparently only 7% of people do and I am definitely not one of them haha
 Yes, i like to watch Tv. which program do you mostly like?
 Yes, I like that animated comedy show. do you like that?
 Oh sorry, i do not know that. 
 Okay, Do you like Pokemon?
 It was a nice show. Pokemon also as Pocket Monsters in Japan. 
 Nice, How much do you know about Kim Kardashian? 
 Yes, She is an American reality television star, and model. 
 Yes, I think she wasn't a household name, and instead, she was working for and friends with Paris Hilton. Is it right?
 Oh! that's interesting. Do you think internet is useful for everyone. 
 This is the only thing that unites all the world's people. 
 Yes, That is very interesting. I think this is very useful for every people and their works. 
 Some developers love the hamburger 3 line menu icon because it enables them to pack more features into apps or navigation. Thank you very much. 
 Nice to chat with you. Thank you very much. 
 Okay, that's nice.
 Me too. There's only one simpsons with out bart: Four great ladies and a manicure.
 No, none. She is famous for a sex tape. 
 Me too! Plus I have no interest in pop culture. None of it makes sense to me. Maybe I am getting too old but man does that stuff suck.
 It has been fun!
 You too!
 That is amazing!  Anyway, I've got to run now.  Nice chatting with you.
 I agree. That's interesting. It was good chatting with you. Take care!
 Wow! I figured they'd been around longer. It is impressive that developed economies relied on cars.
 I wish I was that person! I want an entire complex named after me!
 No kidding! So, I've been surprised to see the mail truck on Sundays but found out Amazon and USPS have a Sunday contract.
 its a website that rates movies.
 Oh, makes sense. Well, it was nice chatting. Have a good night.
 Yeah, you too!
 Yeah same here, I could be a lot more productive.  It was nice talking with you, hope you have a good night. 
 You too!
 The ocean really is fascinating! He said he was inspired by Laurel and Hardy and their comedy films in a telephone interview, once. I like them, too! The Three Stooges are also great at comedy.
 I've got to run now.  Have a nice day.
 Hello, have you ever spent money on lottery tickets?
 really, nice, As a married couple, have you ever worked out how much money you're each allowed to spend on fun without the other one's approval?
 oh now I got you lol. Sometimes I also buy lottery tickets but not that much. People regularly lay down cash on things their spouses could reasonably argue are throwing it into the trash. manicures, sports tickets, car washes, smartphone upgrades lol
 Yes I am totally agree, She spends a lot of time on social media?
 The columnist ended by saying that the reader quit being so petty...lol
 lol do you like horror movies? which one is your most favorite?
 Im a huge Saw fan
 really?? I watched all of them but for me they are not horror movies, they are disgusting, like the house of wax 
 yes that's what I'm trying to say, i like mysterious horror movies, like the one with Nicole Kidman, don't remember the name of the movie though. Did you know that Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories.?
 What is your most favorite car?
 I love Mercedes...how about you?
 BMW M pack, M6 my most favorite
 I have M6 blue color, I bought it this year and it is really amazing though gas is too expensive for it lol  Did you know that Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?
 I had heard that before (drive thru). Wife's BMW has all the bells and whistles like GPS and in car entertainment
 yes. did you know that The nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan? 
 If they are well done. I really like them. I loved the two you just mentioned.
 Stripes was a fav of mine. I also like some bill murray. 
 I no longer watch it. I watched one the other day and it does not hold up. No house is done.
 That's funny, I was thinking the same thing. Like if I watched an episode of Friends today, I would probably think it was terrible.
 Drama with dark comedy. Nice chatting with you.
 I wonder if it did all the swimming for them?
 The real test would be to bind their hands and legs and make them swim in it to see how they do, like a dolphin.
 I do the freestyle which means anything to keep me from drowning.
 Hah! Something like that.
 Something like that...lol...I wonder what it was?
 I'm doing amazing thank you are a fan of any cartoons like southpark and the simpsons?
 Which is your favorite character form the simpsons?
 Thats what it was! It was hilarious that was the tom and jerry influence they through into the show as a nod.
 Its because Pokemon go doesnt have the same playing style as the classic Pokemon we remember from the gameboy. Which was the last Pokemon game you played up to sapphire?
 Crystal was awesome, which music did you really like when you first got into dancing?
 He was one of the people that has influenced dancing most in modern day. Both Chris brown and usher have dancing styles completely based on him. Who do you consider a better dancer between usher and chris brown?
 I think it might have helped it because many rappers went to creative arts school. If you look up the rapper Prodigy from mobb depp he not only went to dance school but was a notorious gangster in real life despite his small stature
 That's very interesting. Well it was great chatting with you, I hope you have a great day!
 I love watching tv!
 Who blackmailed them to do it? ;D
 Haha, right? Maybe someone played the sound frequency that causes fear in humans and they were compelled to do it.
 Haha. Did you know that when South Park aired its Family Guy episode The Simpsons Crew sent them flowers?
 Bruce Lee was a great dancer actually - he won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha Championship back in 1958!
 Yeah, I wonder if there is footage of that. I'm going to look that up. Well, nice talking to you!
 ya it was horrible, but I guess originally it was going to star Jack Black, who knows that could have been better, not sure how it could be worse haha
 Well it was nice talking to you!
 Is it because they used to have a wooden trunk on the back and now its called a trunk.
 Wow! That is very innovative and thoughtful. 
 Yeah i guess I did know that, theres a lot we dont know about the universe I like reading about it, amazing how much is out there for out discovery
 Hi do you know above details of comedy film
 i don't known please explain
 oh ok SpongBob squarePants is actually an animated movie a cartoon written by stephen hillenburge to make people know more about the ocean and it turns out everyone likes it because it has been show in more than 170 countries
 OK very interesting
 This is a useful information.
 yes,i like comedy u
 OK,Do you think that telephones are useful for us? 
 You are right.
 u are interesting person thanks for information.
 it would suprise you to know that the comedy icon Ryan stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.
 I like a lot of humor. But you do not know about this.
 You do not know the world things to your extent.
 thanks for your information.
 Good afternoon!
 On afternoons like this, I sometimes just want to break out into dancing
 Square dancing is hard to do by myself, but it is something I enjoy doing in a large group. I think it's something we're born with because babies by instinct start dancing and smiling when music is playing
 I'm not much of a gamer. I'm happy Hybrid Theory was so popular. I love Linkin Park and groups like that from the early 00s -- they were kind of a holdover from the golden age of grunge.
 Yeah, I listen to it a lot now. Also the White Stripes from the same period, almost as much as I listen to the old 90s acts.
 That must be worth checking into for the human interest value, if nothing else. Cool that they're still that active and interested in doing stuff.
 I couldn't get it to work, but supposedly if you start the album and the movie at the same time, there are some really weird coincidences between movie scenes and songs.
 LOL. Nice chatting!
 I'm great! Just reminiscing about back in the day when the Nintendo 64 was the popular gaming system. Even though it only displayed 54 colors, we didn't know any better then
 I haven't, but I do like the original from 1970.
 The NES was produced all the way up until '03 in Japan! Of course over there it'd be the Famicom.
 Thank goodness we have music, film, and dance festivals instead of chicken festivals.
 I think football is ok. I did watch the Superbowl. What about you? There's a team that painted their opposing team's locker room pink which is funny
 Nope it is benjarvus geen-ellis, he's a running back. I never would have thought that it would have been him but that does make some sense I guess. I would be so stressed too because every game could be the last game to ruin that perfect record haha
 I agree with your point there.  Olympic games have the ability to unite people together
 ohh, I see.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
 Well one thing I like about it is that you can watch on TV and the TV will show where the first down marker is with the yellow line, apparently ESPN got an Emmy for inventing that, makes it much easier to follow the game
 My daughter loves frozen. She also loves the lion king, the first film to be dubbed in zulu!
 I have but not the most recent one. I loved the first one!
 Have you seen Disney's Cool Runnings? Pretty neat that Jazmine Fenlator-Victorian is competing as part of the first female Jamaican team!
 I have. I loved that movie. Such a good message. I should show that to my kids too! I am happy to see a female team come out for it!
 Me too! I like her message about showing kids someone who looks like them can do it since the demographic is mostly white at the Olympics!
 Especially the winter olympics! Most everyone there is white. Tough to show the diversity when everyone is white...
 I like that it's becoming more of an issue and Jordan Greenway is heading that by being the 1st black U.S. Olympic hockey player.
 I run swim team in a diverse town and the best thing that can happen is a successful minority in the sport. I want a diverse team and that would helps us.
 That's awesome!  Even Disney is being more diverse by having Frozen be directed by a woman!
 You could tell in the story line; two heroins that did not need the help of a male, just the love of their sister...
 It has been fun. Thanks!
 Thank you too!
 Have a great day!
 Hey sounds better then frozen. Maybe they could get the same director.
 Before the days of people watching movies many times. Speaking of that I think I'm going to go watch Wreck it Ralph. That is a great disney movie. Goodnight!
 It's good too! bye
 Good night!
 night.
 I agree. I believe the last day is 8 days away. I dont think the government will shut down again. I think it was a show for Trump's supporters to believe that he was still fighting for his wall in hopes that they would forget about it. I could be wrong though.
 Hah love it! To be president and also have 3 pop albums must be living the dream over in Indonesia.
 I did not know that. I think it is a real sign of respect when the Irish spend st Patrick's day with you. 
 I believe Bush put them back on. If Im not mistaken. 
 Teddy was a conservationist and the founder of the National Park System.  So, I guess he was against tree murder!  
 I guess he was. He could have used a fake tree. I have never had a real christmas tree in my life.
 I'm not sure artificial trees were mass produced back then.  I on the other hand have only had a real one, cut from the woods at the back of my property.  Given each President's take on his stewardship of the White House, its good to see some traditions transcend each president.  Like the receiving of a congratulations card if you mail them a birth announcement.
 That is pretty cool of them to do. I think the government should just go ahead and send one to every person born.
 I bet it is the most sold item at WalMart, I go through about 20 a week just by myself, being Vegan!
 True, I didn't know that about Jefferson, I did know he was the president to implement the National Park system, which i'm very thankful for.
 That's where i'm at.  I'm pretty surrounded by National Forest land, which is nice and quiet!
 Yea, I haven't heard of anything bad coming from Ireland, though they largely keep to themselves.
 Yeah, really.  Wow, did you know the first president in Zimbabwe was called President Banana? Hahaha
 That's funny! I did not know the presidents guest house is larger than the white house
 I agree.  He was ahead of his time for sure.  
 It would be a shock just to see a twin of the white house.  There is one in Atlanta that was built as a private residence
 The simpsons is the one that started them all pop culture wise. What tv shows do you like to currently watch when you have time
 Criminal minds is awesome its very in dept and it's alot more fun then CSI. They would probably still appreciate the innovation of the NES
 But didn't you know they brought it back smaller and loaded with all the games? Its only 60$ and its called the NES CLASSIC
 That 70's show is what pushed ashton kutcher and mila kunis to the main stream. Did you know mila kunis is the voice of meg on family guy?
 They just couldn't recreate that originial magic. Have you ever seen the show The Office?
 Thank you
 Sure, I appreciate a good camera angle! How about you?
 That's entertainment! You know, when Caesar visited Britain in around 500 BC, he noted that breeding chickens was considered entertainment there? I guess it is all relative!
 Super Mario! Sure. Why?
 I guess the look is in the eye of the casting director? You know, Bill Nye, the Science Guy, broke into acting by winning a Steve Martin look alike contest. That is not surprising to me, because I always felt Steve Martin modeled his movie performance in "The Jerk" after Bill Nye!
 Go figure right. You never know when the opportunity is going to come knocking. it was nice chatting with you.
 Having lots of power it must be hard for the victims to stand up to someone in such a position.  Harvey Weinstein stories of women set the bar high
 Yeah... on . lighter note, When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 I did not know that... 70's show was remade verbatim in the uk. 'days like these' was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment
 Nice chatting with you.
 I like to play video games. I had the original Nintendo Entertainment System which only displayed 54 colors.
 Wow that's crazy. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Nice talking with you.  Good luck on you bonus!
 I can see the resemblance. Steve Martin has always looked old his hair has been white since forever haha
 Yeah I think we all did play with it. How funny to think it could only display 54 colors.
 So true. It was really nice chatting with you. have a wonderful day.
 Bye
 Hi, how are you?
 Not Trump? I wonder where he falls on the list?
 Yeah! They could always bond over making a pop album though.
 Yeah. did you know that fox news wanted to create a simpsons only channel? I think that's what FXX is, mostly simpsons.
 He did some and does not anymore because they do not project positivity. Nice chat
 Thanks you as well!
 I am not but I did see the original Goosebumps. Sounds like it will be a great movie!
 I have Netflix and Hulu streaming on my TV and on my computer I watch NBC and ABC for weekly tv shows....I won't pay the cable cost anymore just internet service.
 Yes I have I think either you love it or you think it's a waste of time....but I won't give it away lol you watch and decide!! Sandra Bullock is great in it. Another Netflix Original.    Right now I am watching a series on true crime and it is so good. 
 Oh I love true crime shows, Sandra Bullock is the reason I wanted to watch Birdbox, it looks like it's kind of different but i'm going to watch it.  Sometimes I like "different"! Sandra Bullock used to be my neighbor!
 She has a ranch that is next to our farm in Texas, she has it for sale.  I've never met her but i've seen her at the grocery store!  Funny huh!  She's a great person and a super actress.
 No I didn't know that. I can see the resemblance though. maybe I should start doing look-alike contests to get into Hollywood LOL
 Netflix initial started in DVD rental business due to advance technology they are moving to online movie streaming.
 Netflix is banned in some countries like China, Syria, North Korea and Crimea. The are telecast Serials and Movies.
 I wonder why they are banned?  From 9PM to 12AM Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America.  That's a lot of people watching tv.
 Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth.  Crazy.
 Netflix approached 50 million global subscribers with 32.3% of video streaming market in United States.
 Yes.  I used to love watching House!
 Did you ever watch House starring Hugh Laurie?  He earned $700,000 per episode making him the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama.
 Did you know that Michael Caine became an actor?
 I did know that.  Ellie was in the Office and Jon Hamm was from Mad Men.  Michael Caine became an actor because all of the prettiest girls in his school were in drama!
 It is very funny. 
 Did you ever play an original Nintendo system that displayed 54 colors!  I remember when we got one in the late 80s'.
 Nintendo is the Japan based multinational company, They are focused on the video games also.
 They stopped selling the Nintendo in Japan in 2003.  I have to get going.  It's been nice chatting with you.
 Thats funny, who would fall for that lol, I guess the phrase a sucker is born every minute has never been more correct
 That's very good of Unicef. Nice to see companies making a difference in the world. 
 I love to travel. It was good talking to you. 
 I'm going to guess he was afraid of what will happen when they release him.  I don't want to travel to Syria.  Do you like to travel?  I love it...just not to certain areas.
 The first king to travel all around the world was King Kalakaua of Hawaii.  I wonder if he went there?  lol
 It probably wasn't.   Have you ever been to Mackinac Island in Michigan?
 I heard that and was wondering what it would be like.  I agree probably would be very relaxing.
 I would love to visit there as well!  I have friends there I went to college with that I still stay in touch with.  It would be nice to see them again.  The dutch are creating a commuter bus desinged to travel at 160mph.  I wonder how they could control that? 
 Yes it would.  Speaking of landscape....Did you know that 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
 I know.  I was surprised.  In 2008 the Norwegian Government donated 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That's a lot of cash.  They must have some interest there to donate that much.
 I agree.  On a little different note...did you know that New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 Hello! Do you like horror movies?
 I do too! And supernatural! Did you know horror movies can burn more than 180 calories?
 That sounds like a pretty good idea! Then after you can enjoy some abstract art, as it is more enjoyable after watching a horror movie! 
 I have seen a few some years ago and I generally thought they were ok. What about you?
 That's pretty interesting considering Scary movie was somewhat of a parody of it. Majority of creepy metallic noises in movies are from an instrument called a waterphone. 
 Seems like a pretty unique instrument to learn how to play. I didn't know that! I wonder what they would have done to make it scarier. Stephen king considers Bambi the first horror movie he ever saw.
 It really was. Obviously what happened in the movie was traumatizing enough, but I think the music really added to how scary it was. I remember a few Disney movies being scary as a kid, like the sword and the stone.
 The exorcist was pretty scary. I heard some very religious people wouldn't even watch it for fear of being possessed. 
 I believe I have, I think it was pretty good!
 Interesting! The boy from the shining didn't know he was in a horror film until some years later!
 Yeah, i've seen kids in some pretty scary movies and always wonder how they shield them from the crazy parts.
 Well I have to get going. I hope you have a great day. It was nice chatting with you!
 at least we can lose some weight while watching. i hear that horror movies can burn more than 180 calories
 i should try that. the shining and some classic rock at the same time
 edgar allan poe might go well with metallica. have you ever heard the waterphone?
 it makes the creepy meatllic noises in horror flicks. 
 yeah. me either. i asked because Canada requires radio stations to play 40% Canadian music. That's a lot of Rush
 on that note im afraid i must bid u farewell
 It was actually the King of Hawaii. Nice chatting with you :)
 Some of it is national parks but others is for military and other top secret stuff. Norway sent $1B to help save the rain forest.
 I do. Nice chatting with you!
 I have heard about the site, they make the life of the government impossible I  think thats funny lol
 True. They published the government's plan to destroy wikileaks haha
 They did? That is so funny, and also ironic!
 Not that I know.  But the Norwegian government donated 1 Billion to help save the Amazon Rainrorest in 2008.
 Hello!
 I am great! How about you? So are you into cars at all do you like the old classics or new cars?
 Very true, I like the classics because they are really built to last but I have always owned newer models. 
 You too!
 Because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back. Learn something new every day.
 Hilarious, is that a joke, or is it real? 
 It's real! I would never lie to a stranger on the internet. What kind of scoundral do you think I am
 That's a lot of skin cancer! Or solar power. I like to think of my glass half full.
 Yeah, it is. Better get out the SPF 500,000. LOL
 that is so right!!  To us the sun is so big. Imagine it has a diameter that is 109 times the diameter of the earth!
 We can, but we can't stare at the sun! Thank god we have the athmosphere to protect us. And this also gives a color effect, makes the sun look yellow!
 Did you know how long took for Neptune to complete the most recent orbit around the sun?
 So it took 65 years, what it takes a year to the earth!!
 Another big number that will makes us feel small is the sun's mass! 330,000 times the mass of the earth
 Yeah that is really crazy!  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day!
 You do the same! Have a sunny day
 Thanks!
 No, I didn't  I like that.  Pink floyd guitarist turned a 'grand houseboat' on the river thames into a floating recording studio called the astoria.
 Wow, that's cool.  I didn't realize that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in house
 That's neat.  Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.
 This is funny. The term soap opera originated from such dramas being typically sponsored by soap manufacturers in the past.
 Haha, that's cool fact.  Jim carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  
 Ha! I find it interesting to see how millenials are blamed for a lot. If I saw the greatest depression since the great one, I might be a little jaded too.
 Yes, voting seems to be a speedbump but I also know others who take it serious to be counterculture. I think a lot of millenials see it as a way to be heard.
 As a 6'6" male, I can tell you it does not apply for the ladies... They never chose me. I did fool my wife though.
 Wow. Astronauts vote from space! Seems tough but they do it. How would you like to be a poll worker there.
 Nice chatting with you!
 hey did you know you can put a flame thrower on your car in south africa?
 I have seen some episodes, but I haven't watched the whole series.  What about you?  Did you ever watch Nashville?  Apparently the entire series finale was on Thursday night. 
 yes that is true, and ya I like them a lot, I also like Van Halen, and that is so awesome how he literally set studio speakers on fire from his playing haha
 Sure, why not.  Things like the first president of Zimbabwe was President Banana.  He was the top guy.
 Agreed.  It is kind of a nice option to have.  But, why so serious?  The current system provides so much entertainment.  Maybe thats its true purpose.  The top banana was voted in as president.  
 That's very strange. Why don't they just leave it blank like everywhere else I wonder? I do think it's funny that In Austin the people voted to rename their garbage dump Fred Durst. 
 Nice!  When he recorded the solo for "Beat It" he literally set the studio speakers on fire!
 lol  Matthew Bellamy from Muse holds the guinness world record for most guitars smashed on tour.  He must have had a good endorsement deal!  lol
 Probably not!  He's a luthier himself and has made his own guitars. 
 Yes.  He is pretty talented.  That's how he created his own sound.  He actually revolutionized the hard rock guitar in the early 80's by altering his guitars to get a different kind of tone.
 Nice!  Queen's Brian May gets a different sound by using coins as guitar picks!
 Yes he is!  Did you know that Brian May also holds a PHD in astrophysics.  Crazy.
 lol That's great!  A guitarist for Pink Floyd turned a houseboat on the River Thames into a floating recording studio called the Astoria.  I bet that was neat recording on that.
 No doubt!  lol  do you much history about cars?
 Not much.  I just read that the first patent for one was given out in 1886 to Karl Benz.  I had no idea they were around that early.
 I agree!  I had fun chatting!  Have a good night!
 Hi! Do you watch Nashville? I was hoping they would play 'A life that's good' in the finale.
 It's a drama based in Nashville about country music singers. Dramas are my favorite for their mix of comedy and tragedy.
 I love Days of our lives. I always drive thru McDonald's before watching. Good thing they developed drive thru in the 70's for soldiers that had to stay in the car when wearing fatigues.
 Yeah... but not in Ohio, because it is illegal to warm up your car. LOL
 Very true. Good thing we have cars and don't have to rely on animal drawn carts like the old days.
 yeah for sure!  They should make a drama about a car!  LOL
 Jann mardenborough would be good for that with his interesting history as a pro driver after winning a video game.
 I am glad we have had some improvement in our election process. In the beginning it used to be the runner up for President would automatically become Vice President until 1805. It made policy creation impossible.
 I think we have come a long way since Ancient Athens where voting was done by lottery because they feared elections would lead to an oligarchy. While our voting process is not perfect, I still think it is much better than a lottery.
 I know. I think they need to update it. Thanks for chatting I learned a lot.
 Keep learning a lot and remember to vote, even if it in space or a forest filled with lions.
 That's interesting. And they are not called President Banana!
 HA! The Fred you are thinking of was on Law and Order, right?
 I think so! I'm afraid to say now lol!  I was so focused on politics that he was on my mind I guess.  So, does that mean that Austin likes the singer or not?
 They don't like him. He's not very popular.
 It seems like something Austin would do. It's a hipster/democratic thing to do.
 I did not. Nice chatting with you!
 I'm a baseball hat fan myself.  lol  Until 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the House of Commons.  Interesting fact.
 That's interesting!  In 1908 a law was passed limiting the length of hatpins because people thought that they would be used as weapons.
 Interesting.  Tipping ones hat originates from knights raising their face visors to show friendliness.  Never knew that.
 I bet.  I bet JFK played...Washington and Jefferson probably would have if it was around since all 3 are the wealthiest presidents in American history.
 lol  Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?  
 That is hilarious.  Almost as wild as the president of Indonesia releasing three pop albums while in office!!
 Now that's an interesting fact.  I never put two and two together.  Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the white house?
 lol  I think we might see one in the future.  People I think are getting sick of the Republicans and Democrats.  I've had a good time chatting with you!
 You might be right!  Thanks, I have a good time chatting with you too!
 What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
 Nice! I read the track titles and they seem strange. What do they mean?
 Makes sense. My favorite is probably Out of Africa. The recorded sound synchronized with the stunning visuals from that movie really capture a mood that is pleasurable to me. No words, just music.
 No, but I do remember Tron Legacy. Unique sound as I recall. I like a lot of the Disney soundtracks too, like the Tarzan one with Phil COllins.
 Yeah, I heard Spielberg played the clarinet for that one. It haunts me even as I type! One thing about music-only soundtracks, like Jaws and Out of Africa...they do not need to record them in multiple languages!
 Phil Collins recorded the Tarzan soundtrack in five different languages!  I can see that working well on something like Tarzan, but not on other ones, like O' Brother, Where Art Thou?
 "I am a man of constant sorrows..."  Love that track!  Did you know that the President of Indonesia release three pop albums while in office? I doubt those will go platinum!
 Apparently he felt their country was suffering from a shortage of pop music.  I wonder if his VP was on the album too?  Did you know that before 1805, in the US, the VP was always just the runner up n the election? If that was true today, VP Clinton could do a duet on Trump's album!
 Trump could use the money. He is not even one of the top three wealthiest Presidents!  Poor guy...
 I bet  he does, there's something shady going on with his finances, so maybe a pop album can put him back on track
 Most definitely rap would be the musical styling necessary to capture the essence of his Presidency. Maybe Kanye could do a track on it! LOL  Nice chatting!
 Hello
 I actually can.  I would think a Juris Doctorate, or whatever a law degree is called in latin would be way more common.
 Well, it does, just that a law degree is so much more useful for the position.  They are the chief law maker. 
 you gave me a good laugh with that last sentence!
 Ha!  What really blows me away is that until now, I didn't know the wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson and General Washington.  I would have assumed it was JFK and both of the Roosevelts
 I hear ya.  I am also wondering about the first president of Zimbabwe being named "President Banana" something about that just seems wrong.  Like, it's kinda low hanging fruit.
 You and me both.  I do wanna say, this whole notion of exodus from religion really hits close to home.  Within a quarter mile of my house, there are two empty churches.  One is condemned... like there is an order on the door to tear it down.  One is just empty and there is a third across town getting turned into apartments
 I totally agree.  I also think a lot more people are just finding their own compass direction.  It really is just a big change though.  My grandparents went every week.  I haven't been to a service in years.
 And that's fine, all I'm saying is, look, Daft Punk negotiated the Tron Legacy contract over a pancake breakfast.  I want to make every deal over a pancake breakfast.  I want to negotiate my next raise over a pancake breakfast.
 Ha ha ha....I hear you.
 If there hasn't been a President that wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1853.... What happened to the Whig's?  I want the Whig party to make a comeback.
 Happy holidays and happy turking.
 As much as anybody, I guess. I heard McDonalds added a drivethru in 1975 for soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars in fatigues. 
 It's crazy to think how much it has become a integral part of our lives. In South Africa, you're allowed to equip your car with a flamethrower to deter carjackers. Now that's revolutionizing society for sure. 
 Either way, sounds like some Mad Max stuff to me. The name Cadillac came from the French explorer who discovered Detroit. Cool tidbit. 
 That's a good question. I feel like here in the States we certainly hear more about Ford. In 2014 it was estimated that 1.25 Billion vehicles were on the roads around the world. 
 Only through the bluetooth. And only when needed. I hate talking on the phone. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear deterrent. Might be time to do some updating. 
 So true. Did you know Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every day you don't use your cell phone? Wonder how that works. 
 No idea. When rotary phones were in use, New York's area code was the fastest number to dial. 
 Agreed. Phone books got bigger though -- you can't separate two phone books with their pages overlapped together. I'm going to have to try that one. 
 Yeah, I was just thinking it might be hard to even find two phonebooks. 
 Definitely! Another random fact -- Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer. Who knew? Haha. 
 Hammer first came out around 1987. I think Aladdin was a few years later. 
 I know, we had one when I was little and it was fun to use it. It took forever to make a call though
 Same here. Have a good one.
 Bye
 I imagine once they learn a route they can follow all kinds of routines their owners don't know about. I saw a documentary about people who put a fiber optic headcam on their cat and found out he had a second family who fed him, and he just went back and forth between the homes getting twice as much food.
 Heh. I know someone who was having a barbecue, and the neighbor's cat carried off one of his ribeyes.
 That is amazing. Nice chatting with you
 Well, given the current status of both religion and politics, is it surprising?
 Yes.    I've always found the Grand Old Party (GOP) moniker kind of old fashioned.
 Perhaps he should have played with the US congress in their Republicans vs. Democrats baseball game.
 Well that's cool! I want to wear a knight's mask with a face  visor haha. I do think it's interesting that some hats have religious functions too. Hats can do almost anything!
 Yeah it has been a long run for both parties. 
 I wear pants, but I wore trousers when I was in the United States Marine Corps.
 That's a good law. I think that's a brilliant idea!
 So it was more about accomodating. That's nice.
 HA! Brillliant. I would too! Nice chatting with you!
 I thought it was funny that the Simpson's crew sent the producers of South Park flowers for the Family Guy episode.
 Haha, right. They looked great on Aladdin, but not sure about anyone else!
 Yeah, I agree all dogs are great!  It's just that almost all pedigree dogs suffer from abnormally high rates of diseases and have much shorter life spans which is a shame.  I'd hate to think they were suffering in any way.
 Right. I guess they changed that in 1805. It's probably for the best. I would not want to work for someone who got the job I was applying for, so to speak. LOL
 Me too. It has been a great chat!
 Hi How are you tonight?
 I dont know what to think about the current president these days. Tell me the 3 you are referring to.
 No way. At least I would hope not. U never know these days though for sure though.
 Haha well do what I did and just shave the head and put on a hat LOL. It's interesting that there are so many purposes for hats, some are religious, and others are worn for certain professions
 It's been good talking to you. I always tip my hat when I'm in the presence of a lady haha. Just kidding LOL
 Hi, do you like animals?
 I love animals - both cats and dogs!  The dog is man's best friend.  The cat is our owner.
 I love dogs more than cats, same as Google who claims to be a dog company
 Wow that is awesome!! And they do so many things for us , help pulling loads, herding , hunting.. even help the police in many duties!
 that is cute! there are vending machines in Istanbul where you can get food for street dogs in exchange for plastic bottles!
 So much to learn about them, and i love many other kinds of animals it has been estimated that there are more than 7 million species in total, that is insane!
 hahaha that is funny, did you know in Germany they have legal rights!
 I never heard about that. In germany this started back in 2002, I think that is necessary
 I think that is great!! but I would not want to be one of them... Do you know anything about the protection of animals act in Scottland?
 Wow, I do not know but I think is possible... What I learned is that dogs have 12 different types of blood!
 Yes my dog used to donate blood to help sick animals.
 Like I said before so much to learn!! Well talking about dogs, I am going to feed mine!! It has been a nice chat!
 Nice chatting with you!  Kiss your dog for me.
 Cadillacs are cars with a rich history. They were named after French explorer Antoine de la mothe Cadillac who founded Detroit.
 Or paying $60 for parking! Great conversation! Have a great day!
 Yeah!  I think Trump is a mad scientist. You know, the only scientist to walk on the moon was Harrison Schmidt? But then he lost the keys to the rover, and now he is still up there searching for them...
 Nice, but does he know where his car keys are located? You know, by the age of 6 years old, future scientist John vo Neumann could divide two 0 digit numbers in his head? And converse in Greek? Now that is an overachiever!
 Gotta put it somewhere, right? The internet is getting too busy.  The www was created in 1989, and now it is too full to hold any more gif images...
 Canadian or American?
 I liked it better when bowlers were paid more than football players. Maybe if they bowled wearing helmets?
 Was that the Georgia Tech--Cumberland game? That would have been fun to watch, if you were a GT fan!
 haha ya, and if you were a Cumberland fan you'd probably want to run away haha!
 That virtual yellow line that ESPN put on our TV screens had not been invented yet, so I bet the referees were quite busy moving yardline markers!
 Amazing! He must have gone to the library and read a good book on how not to fumble the ball. You know, there are more libraries than McDonalds drive thru windows in this country? Yet I have never seen a person reading a library book at McDonalds. Why is that?
 I'll bet he uses his new-found skill as a lawyer to help others falsely imprisoned now?
 I'd write a book entitled, "How to get the givernment to buy your opinions"
 good morning to you!
 I did too. But I guess not! Are you a football fan at all? Fun fact -- in the 1960's, the top bowlers made more than the top football players. 
 Unless you're talking about NFL pro bowlers. Haha. The highest score ever in a football game was in 1916 -- 222-0. 
 You know the yellow first down line they use on TV? ESPN won an Emmy for inventing that. That certainly was a game changer for viewers. 
 Haha. That's awesome. Yeah, I remember in the 70's and 80's when it wasn't there... was much harder to keep track of the line. Remember when they tried to do the same to the hockey puck? Didn't go over quite as well. 
 As I remember it, it was just too distracting. And hockey fans were too rabid about any kind of change. 
 Well, it's been great talking with you!
 This was in 1895. Well I got in the mood to go read a book. I'll be heading to the library. Bye!
 Amazon is the multinational technology company focused on e-commerce and cloud computing.
 Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos in 1994. It is the largest internet retailer in the world measured by its revenue. The second largest employer in US.
 Hard work and availability of the products make them biggest internet retailer and Amazon prime videos are also available to watch movies.
 Yes. Do you like to hear Radio ?
 Yes. It is very entertaining and news update is very quick.
 There is a website you can listen to episode of classical dramas. In second world war, we can hear the news only through radio only.
 It is very interesting.
 Thats awesome! Lion king is my favorite
 I love him! And im guessing the creators do to. There's only 1 episode where he isnt mentioned or appears
 He sure proved them wrong!
 Radio is the technology of using radio waves to carry information.
 The government is shutdown after senate failed to pass a resolution to temporarily fund the government.
 A federal government shutdown, whether it lasts days or weeks, raises serious challenges.
 Federal rules do not allow non-essential individuals to work for the goverment without pay, workers will be furloughed for the duration of a shutdown.
 Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy.
 US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions.
 Jeff bezos the founder of Amazon the largest internet retailer in the world in 1994.
 United states postal service has a contract with amazon to deliver packages on sunday.
 Imdb has been owned by amazon.com since 1998.
 Yes, Leading online retailer in the world. Amazon have a lot of customer.
 Nice chatting with you.
 yes Disney does own Pixar, and Disney makes a lot of computer animated movies to now like the movie Frozen
 I saw Frozen several times.  I'm glad that a woman got to direct such a major animation movie.  
 Pretty much almost everything,  I love Amazon!  How about you?
 Yes I usually listen to the radio in the mornings.  I really like Pandora though.  
 Yeah Pandora is really good, I found a band or two that I liked through that app.  Well it was nice chatting with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 No I didn't, that is really cool! I have started to buy stuff in stores though, because Target and Best Buy will actually price match Amazon now
 i Support you in doing that! have you ever noticed the arrow and Amazon's logo? It goes from A to Z because they carry everything from A to Z haha
 I would be all for adopting some of the policies that have been implemented in Europe. In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to assist in saving the Amazon rainforest. 
 Hi, how are you? Did you know that Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman? I always get Let It Go stuck in my head!
 They still are. The Simpsons crew sent flowers to the south park guys when they aired their family guy episode finale. 
 Back when I had cable I used to leave it sitting on Food Network half the time. Do you enjoy cooking?
 I love to cook, I cook almost every night. Food network is great background noise. You know we could be like the british around 50bc and breed chickens for entertainment and not food. I am not really sure that that would be very fun, but it is what they did Haha!
 Really enjoyed chatting with you, too. Take care!
 He's going through a divorce so it will only be half of that so like 150 billion. That just doesn't go as far any more...
 I would find a way to get by. I would just like my name on a building on campus! 
 I would drive by it all the time and point it out to everyone. I would act surprised by it too. "Oh, what's that???? My name on an Amazon building..."
 I hope so. I worked for Officemax in their warehouse and it was brutal! Nice chatting with you!
 Interesting. Disney was to pay 71.3 billion dollars.
 Yes, they would get film, television studios and lots of cable channels.
 Yes love it, they do face some outside challenges.
 Walt Disney Pictures is regarded as one of the big six studios.
 I have heard that Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman.  That is so great!
 Frozen is great. The movie Up was another great hit for the company. 
 Yes, loved it. Yes it was a form of entertainment and delight.
 Weird, they consider the nfl entertainment rather than a sport.
 He does, television has been used as a mass medium for news and entertainment.
 Yes, most deals on the tv show shark tank are never enacted! 
 Yeah I cannot remember which one it is. nice chat
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 Hello - I am good. How are you? 
 Yep, I read that somewhere as well. Nintendo was the first gaming system I had when I was younger. It it definitely a classic. 
 Hi! Are you an Amazon Prime member?
 Absolutely!  I have been doing business with Amazon almost as long as it has been around back in 1994.
 Nice. Is that to keep their shipments on time?  They use USPS on Sundays and they could use all the help they can get!
 Who knows?  The workers I worry about are all those warehouse workers who walk 15 miles every day!  
 Yeah. Since 1998. I don't know when IMDB started streaming movies on Freedive though...
 Of course. I would have to be from Jupiter to not listen to radio, and even then, electromagnetic storms from Jupiter are so strong, they can be detected using AM radio on earth!
 They have a strong beaver lobby... But at least it does not apply to internet radio!  There is an internet site where you can listen to classic radio dramas. Have you heard it?
 If you use a pink pencil, you automaticallly tune to a Taylor Swift song...  But don't use a charcoal pencil. Then you recieve transmissions from a Finnish station that broadcasts news in classical Latin.
 I have learned to never follow after elephants and donkeys...or at least not without a shovel!
 Well, imagine you are the Norwegian government, and you just spent $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest ... Now they have to decide where they are going to store it...
 That's pretty awesome they did that. It was good chatting with you today. Take care. 
 It is. It was the first Disney film directed by a woman. I'm sad that it took that long but glad that they are progressing. 
 Wow! I'm kind of glad it took longer because they were able to include so many characters. 
 Didn't know that, but I'm not surprised. I don't think they have a choice at this point. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Yeah I think everyone has to if they want to stay relevant.  Nice chatting, I hope you have a good one. 
 I do like fantasy. I play fantasy football a lot. do you play that?
 Anyone can play but there are some people that take it super seriously! I do not have the time nor the energy to take it too seriously. I do it more for fun.
 Although I have wondered if someone like me, just picking random people, would do as well as someone who was familiar with the players.  Kind of like that experiment I read about where they had a monkey "invest" in the stock market by throwing darts at a board...
 Probably! I know my wife seems to win a lot of tournaments and stuff like that. She knows nothing about sports and chooses winners based on names and team colors!
 They also have fantasy baseball, basketball, hockey, golf, nascar, and soccer!
 Geez. I just turned that into a drinking game, not fantasy!
 That's weird. Probably a good way to introduce congress and bills in HS civics...
 I agree. I would like a few non-partisan bills and possibly a nice laugh or cordiality.
 That's a lot of free time! I couldn't even do 15 pages....
 Well, it's a rather fascinating story behind it's creation, IMHO.  If you Youtube "realms of the unreal" you can see a documentary about it.
 REALLY? I have chatted about it for so long, I have to watch it. Thanks for the heads up!
 Well, listen, it was great chatting with yu today!  Hope you have a good evening!
 I definitely have dog, a big white german shepherd dog, also known as canis lupus familiaris.
 Have you ever been to Istanbul with your always-on-the-go lifestyle? Maybe you used one of their vending machines that exchange empty bottles for dog food to feed the village stray dogs?
 Sure! Dogs are awesome. In fact, dogs and elephants are the only two species of animals that seem to instinctively respond to pointing. Since I would rather walk a dog than an elephant, my choice was easy.
 Yeah, and if yo live in a city that requires you to pick up after your animal has a bowel movement, that could be challenging. But dogs are also challanged by the fact that they cannot see as many colors as we can. Doesn't stop my dog from eating all the different colored crayons from the box...
 My dog had a MySpace page, but not a FB page. Boy, MySpace really blew it by turning down the opportunity to by FB for a mere $75 mil.
 They like warm beer.  I will have to unfriend them for that. Burger King is running a promotion: unfriend 10 friends and get a free Whopper. 1 down and 9 to go.
 Nice. Is this promotion good in the 212? I mean in area code 212. It is the code for New York, selected as such because it was easy to dial on a rotary phone.
 Yes. I would have loved to see them try to separate two phone books that have their pages overlapping together. It is supposed to be impossible. If they can hardly manage a rotory phone, they would be stumped with the phone book thing.
 Here's one that will ffry your noodle: an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent!  I guess that is why they never call me.
 That is because they knew that in the future, teachers would confiscate cellphones from the students before class!  Nice chatting with you!
 And don't forget to turn your cellphone to airplane mode before you go to bed. No need to be irradiating yourself all night if you do not have to!
 No thanks! Do you have any pets? I have 2 dogs and they are a pain in the behind but also the best things ever!!
 I do. He's a great actor. 
 Hi! Yes, I listen to the radio during my commute, I wish there were more stations offered where I live though. Do you?
 Yeah it does, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Hello - I am good. How are you?
 I do like dogs. What about you?
 Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for stray dogs.
 I'm not a huge fan of cats!
 I do use social media. It was good talking to you!
 I agree! I like how they can be so different in size and shape too! from big huskies to little tiny pugs, so cute!
 I know, I lovve them, so glad they are the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore :) haha
 He seems to be doing a decent job
 i think all presidents have, at least he wasnt called president banana like the first president of zimbabwe
 something about his hair:),  i won't mind staying in his guest house though, it is larger then the white house
 ha, not quite a kayne west
 not sure, have a great weekend:) 
 Well on another note. Are you a kanye West fan?
 Actually that is big sean with the 3.7 GPA. Big Sean also turned down a scholarship to go to michigan state.
 You too! Have a great day!
 Hi, how are you doing?
 Im doing good, how about yourself.
 Not lately. I have only been to a few in my whole life. How about you.
 The last one I went to was Lynyrd Skynyrd's farewell tour when they played their hometown crowd.  I plan on seeing the Rolling Stones this summer.
 That sounds fun. I have only been to a couple country concerts and one heavy metal. I dont really like heavy metal but that concert was fun.
 If I could make a living touring around the world and singing I would do it as long as I could. Talk about longevity though. Dark side of the moon was released over 40 years ago and was still one of the best selling albums of 2014. 
 I have always wanted to travel the world like that. See all those places from history. They get payed to do it. Just awesome. Makes me wish I could sing.
 I didnt know that. Its nice that something that became so main stream started off for such a good reason though. 
 It definitely has. Now a days it is almost as cheap to eat at mcdonalds as to make a meal at home. Its a lot faster too. 
 That is. I wouldnt be a wild car jacker in any circumstance but if there was a chance of being burnt alive it would for sure make me rethink it if I was in that profession.
 Sounds like something my wife would do. She has road rage like no other. I think it might get her in trouble though. She also has a bit of a wild streak. I could see her doing that exact same thing. Lol.
 I didnt know that. Sounds true though. Lol. Well speaking of cars Im gonna have to be getting mine warmed up to go to work. Have a good one. 
 You too, as well, friend.  I need to get myself out the door, too.  Have a good day.
 Boston, Journey, REO Speedwagon, Pat Benatar, Guns and Roses, Lynard Synard...Neil Young, Bob Dylan. Should I continue. :D
 Finally somebody who listens to actual music and not the stuff that's on the radio and tv these days... I love Pink Floyd, Sting, Joe Bonamassa, Scorpions, REM, Phil Collins... You're right... I could be going more and more :) I think we're on the same page :)
 I don't understand why the new rock bands just keep playing the same chords over and over, no free style, no Rock Opera like Pink Floyd and Queen.
 God I know..... those times will never come back... but if You have a second check out Black Country Communion - it's not Rock Opera but a newer albums with really cool old sound ;)
 I had some old Polish ones ( I'm from Poland ) but recently I bought a new turntable and I'm building a new collection :) I just bought some old Sting albums :)
 sorry for before... I think I've lost internet connection for a second... Of course people will listen to classic rock in 2030 :)  Bands like The Beatles will be known till the end of the world ;) it's freedom and rebellion !
 Not really... rarely ;) I'm a scotch guy :)
 I love Pink Floyd ! I hope Roger Waters and David Gilmour will release more albums :)
 Which is the one who died? Was it a drummer?
 Me, 1960. Too young to be a hippie. But close. Still love video games, this guy Jann Mardenborough beat 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo.
 Such a cool fact ;) Hey it was really nice chatting with You friend !
 You too. Much success in South Africa!
 lol :) It's barbecue time ! :) lol 
 Ha!  I got the truth out of you like a detective on TV.  I have enjoyed talking with you.  Take care!
 Good for them! Great chat! Have a good night!
 You as well. 
 I don't know if it's funny or insulting to the team. I love that football is a family sport.
 The green bay packers are named after the indian packing company, who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them
 Yes! It's true! Well, use that fold well and have a great day wherever you are!
 Haha yeah that's definitely a major shut out. And I bet your grandma woulf like Iowa's guest team locker room. It's pink.
 Hi, do you like football?
 Me too, mainly football and soccer. I have never watched Gaelic football. I am curious!
 I love the Broncos, that is my favorite.. but i admire others, like college football Georgia Tech!
 Yes, for Georgia take winning 222 to 0 sounds crazy!
 Who knows? that was more than 100 years ago, in 1916 I do not think anything even close has ocurred!
 That is right!  did you know what University of Iowa did to the locker room used by the visitor's team?
 That is really funny, I think so too! did you know in the 60's bowlers made way more money than football players!?
 You know a football team that has been succesful is the Green Bay packers, they have sold out every game since 1960!
 That is cool, good for you! the team exists for 100 years!
 Well it was a nice chat! have a good one
 I am going to Canada next week, I'll have to check that out, I'll have to report back if they break the law and less than 40% are of canadian origin haha
 I enjoy seeing fish in koi ponds, how about you?
 I like fishes they are so mysterious, they are so varied the word "fish" is  not a scientific classification. 
 Maybe a breed with a long grey beard....
 It has the three lines- one in the middle, top, and bottom to access other features within the website. Google has one
 I do! I actually have access to 2 of them. How about yourself
 I had access to my university electronic library with internet when I was a student, it was very helpful. 
 Yes, they can be. Did you have a University radio station when you were a student?
 Yeah, I did not know that was even possible! Who knew?
 Maybe I will listen to it this evening. Thanks for the conversation. 
 Ha yes, President Banana! 
 Oh yes! But Fox doesn't need the rated as they are the highest rated news network. Maybe they should put that on CNN to boost ratings!
 Do you follow the news? I like the Fox news channel.
 That would be akward for the runner ups and probably would rule better than some of our politicians lol.
 I would not have guessed that. Wow. With a median age of 68, that might not last long though.
 I do. Only missed 1 election in my life.
 Ditto! Have a good night!
 Will you be watching the first round of the NBA playoffs that begins on April 21st?
 Probably not though I might tune in to watch the Stanley Cup Playoffs though.  Probably will watch the Columbus at Washington game.  Do you like hockey or baseball?
 I'm not sure.  I'll watch because Columbus is playing and I lived there when I was younger.  I'm a big baseball fan.
 I used to when I had time to play.  Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer.  Who would have known?
 LOL I have a few friends that used to do that.  We won't talk about the shenanigans we used to get into on the course.  lol  Golf courses require a lot of water to maintain.  The average course consumers 3112 thousand gallons of water per day!
 I know.  There's a course in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons per day.  Do you like tennis or football?
 Polo shirts were invented for tennis players but later were adopted by polo players.  That's a little useless info. to share.  lol
 The only time I played tennis was in college.  My best friend and I would play but we were terrible and didn't take it serious.  Mainly did it to kill time on boring weekends when a lot of students went home.
 Wow.  I bet that dried it pretty fast.  The longest tennis match went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days.  That's crazy!
 Crazy. lol  It was nice chatting with you!  Enjoyed it!
 It's golf with a frisbee basically. We have a few courses where I live.
 Yes I think it's called that too. It's called frisbee golf in my area. You basically have a 9 hole course and throw frisbees into these cages. 
 Anything? That is pretty cool. I can imagine people trying to use ladles and spoons for run
 Phones have been so ubiquitous for a long time so there has been a lot of cool history.  My Lego phone has the buttons made like square bricks and some extra bricks in a drawer to play with while making a call.   Supposedly Dolphins can communicate by phone and evern recognize their "friend" on the other end.  
 Did you hear about that boy who took his mother to the prom? Nice.
 Yeah. Turns out she never went to prom when she was in school, and her son gave her the gift.
 It is a perfect gift. Whatever the mom did in the past was worth the gift of a loving child caring for his mom's enjoyment.
 Sure. She was 36 when she went to the prom, and she was already a mother to her son when she chose to miss the prom the first time. Awesome story.
 Could be. Another reason I like the story is that the Mom was a single mom, as her husband split 8 years earlier. She must have sacrificed for her son, so, it is nice he recognized her with a prom invite!
 His biggest sacrifice was wearing green for the prom, which happened to be his mother's favorite color.
 It was the mother's favorite color. They ended up wearing matching outfits made by a relative. Another friend did Mom's hair and makeup.
 And it happened near Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love!
 Just like the song says, "Love is in the air, everywhere I look around!" I wonder if Mother and son danced to a song by Drake at the Prom. 
 Drake was a teen TV star on the show, Degrassi befor he made it big in music.
 It's been great chatting with you!
 I will lol, I dont want to cause any accidents or wars, good chatting with you as well.
 Wow that shows how good of a verse it was lol. I personally thought Eminem had the best verse on that song.
 Man that seems like a really good way to melt the sides of your car haha.
 Hi! I am great! it is a good night to chat!
 I do! Lo, yes it is different! I heard she doesn't have very good ratings right now since her interview with Jane Fonda, that's not good!
 I love Netflix! I don't even have cable anymore, it is too expensive and I can watch anything really on Netflix.
 Haha, very true! A lot of people are very happy that Reed Hastings started up Netflix. 
 Exactly! getting 40 bucks worth of late fee's from a rental...that always sucked! Too bad Blockbuster didn't buy Netflix when they had the chance.
 Yep, only 50 mil....pocket change! Blockbuster is long gone now! They had good video's but I always just watched television.
 They do? I didn't know that, they are lucky to still be in business since Netflix is so popular!
 I still watch TV for 2 shows but everything else I will watch Netflix. 
 Exactly, Netflix is the best! Have a great evening!
 I wonder how they feel about that decision now. I'm glad they didn't end up taking up the offer, what if Blockbuster's tactic of charging excessive fees carried over to streaming. That would be bad.
 They originally sent out DVDs, I think that was meant for those fake fireplaces for staging rooms.
 No, I haven't. I do enjoy watching Netflix though.
 Wow that is crazy. Youtube and Netflix make up half of the internet traffic in north america.
 Same here! You remember Blockbuster right? Apparently they declined buying Netflix for 50 million and now Netflix is worth 2 BILLION!
 Oh I remember Blockbuster- that could've been a dynamic take over to because to me, when Netflix first came out, the major drawback was that you had to wait for them to come in the mail.  I miss the employees choice section at Blockbuster!
 I know, I forgot about Netflix sending movies and tv shows through the mail and now it is a huge company.
 I honestly didn't even have my own Netflix subscription until too long ago- reading the article I had did make me want to go watch the Netflix special Nanette though.  I'm just glad I don't have to wait on the DVD
 I think Ed Helms is a good actor, he played in the Hangover movies.
 Yeah he was, I loved those movies too. There is a genre called bromantic comedies, which the hangover and harold and kumar fall in.
 Yeah I think I know what you are talking about. I like Bill Murray too.
 It's been a really long time I think since  he's been in  movie. I read somewhere he thinks kung fu hustle is the achievement of the modern age, in terms of comedy.
 I'm not sure, it might be. You should watch the episode of the simpsons where bart isn't in the episode. I think the episode is Bart's Not Dead.
 Hi! I do enjoy comedies. In fact, I enjoy all genres. I really loved the nine part history of world art called Civilizations on PBS as well. What about you?
 I do. In fact, I enjoyed 3rd Rock From the Sun. I'm so glad it won a golden globe for best comedy series back in 1997. It had tough competition but won and rightfully so!
 Is that so? I've never seen that episode but would love to. I bet it's weird not seeing him. I loved how the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. Ha! 
 Yeah, that is pretty hilarious, if it is true. Well, nice chatting with you. 
 Hi, how are you?
 Well, I've enjoyed talking with you! 
 Oh I see, they are funny,. Nice chat
 Same here
 I also love South Park. I love that the Simpsons crew sent flowers to the South Park creators for the Family Guy episode
 Merry Christmas!  I am just about to watch something on Netflix.
 Yes I did. They did a great job showing the 80s :) music, clothing, etc.
 I am looking forward to it.  Netflix has really come a long way in just a few years.
 I know it is the banner program for HBO.  I bet GoT is expensive to make, but it is still doing really well.
 I know!  His company is worth $2 billion, and another company decline a chance to buy it for $50 million.
 I don't know who initiated, but I know they thought $50 million must have been too much.  Have a Merry Christmas.
 Well I saw it and it is ok, but it's definitely not a supreme achievement in LOL unlike Seinfeld which I think is actually awesome
 Yep I agree with you, I'm just glad that Reed Hastings was charged that $40 late fee for Apollo 13, that's what inspired him to start Netflix
 Yep I'm sure, the other founder of Netflix, Marc Randolph, is definitely rolling in the cash to LOL
 Yup. I am part of the Netflix traffic each night. You? Heck, I've even watched their infamous  fireplace film.
 Yes we do.  I'm glad to be part of the Netflix traffic.
 I'd love to work for them. Maybe I could get a job as one of their paid "taggers?
 Why don't you apply?  Blockbuster did not want to buy Netflix for $50M when it was offered.
 Epic fail!  Netflix suggested to Blockbuster in 2000 that is use Netflix as their online service and Blockbuster just laughed at them.  Look whose laughing now!
 I never liked mail service delivered DVDs. When the postal service fails the user would get blamed for it. Today's streaming Netflix allows us to bypass the hassle.  So we can enjoy TV without concern over the mail service!
 It seems like that would be something Homer Simpson would do. You know, in the first 400 episodes of SImpsons, Homer held 188 jobs? I wonder if one of them was working for Blockbuster?
 Good question... I don't know. DId it have anything to do with the episode whre Daniel Radcliffe voiced a paraody of Twighlight's Edward Cullen?  I think the episode was Treehouse of Horro.
 How about Shakespeare? The only one of his plays not adapted to TV or film was The Two Noble Kinsmen. Know anything about that?  Shame yo don't watch TV. You miss the cultural advantages of being exposed to the likes of Monty Python..
 British comedy band. One of it's players, Graham Chapman, was a medical doctor before he gave it up to focus on comedy.  
 Nice. You can watch some good old Monty Python films on Netflix, like Search for the Holy Grail. Did you know, the creator of the Python programming language named it in part to honor Monty Python? 
 No. Do you? I do know that in some European markets, Netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which movies to purchase. 
 Two of them are China and North Korea. There are more, I think.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.  I wish I could be as funny as you are.  Good night.
 Haha yes, learned that recently. The haha is for your use of "Bartless." Love it! Are you a Simpsons fan?
 That's hilarious! I've been watching That 70's show, and learned that there is a British version.
 You too!
 That is crazy! And yeah I tore my ACL and had to get surgery this past summer, so I didn't get out once!  Anyways, it was nice talking to someone with a sense of humor, I hope you have a good day. 
 Yes I like those shows too. I especially like the one Simpsons episode where Bart does not appear and just never mentioned. I was very flabbergasted during the whole thing haha
 Yes how many seasons are they on now? isn't it like 20 or 22 or something? They have more seasons than Pokemon does, and Pokemon has about 750 episodes
 haha that is funny, I wonder if they ever decide cases by doing 4v4's with one person as teh ref
 Always though golf would be cooler if they used hand grenades... but that's just me.  :)  Did you know Sam Jackson is a big golfer?  He requires his film contracts to allow him to go golfing twice a week during production!
 That is cool. Nice chatting with you
 Hello!  Did you know that the 3 wealthiest presidents in American History were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 True!  Up unitl 1805 the runner up in the U.S. presidential election would automatically become the vice president.  That would be interesting to see how that would work in this day and age.
 No doubt! lol  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  I wonder how much grief he got over that name back then?
 Right!  Sounds like he had too much free time on his hands.  Did you know that the U.S. president has a guest house?
 Nice!  That's interesting.  President Obama's secret service codename is renegade.  That's kind of neat!
 That's neat.  I'm going to have to try it and see.  He was the 44th president of the United States.
 Yes.  Seems low.  I bet he wouldn't have gotten along with Franklin Roosevelt who vetoed 635 bills.  lol
 Yes.  One time when he visited India they removed all the coconuts in the trees surrounding one of his destinations.  They must have thought they would be used against him?
 I didn't know that.  Be curious to see what it's all about.  Before becoming a rapper Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist.
 Nice!  Busta Rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the Rugrats movie.  I haven't heard his name mentioned in awhile.
 Good night
 I like Korean freestyle complement battle. You?
 I didn't know that Eminem dreamed of one day becoming a comic book artist. How do you like that street cred?
 Ah, the artist listed in the library of congress under "cultural significance" is a mystery to me. 
 Nice...   Rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular...When it's put to music it can be spectacular.  Uh huh. 
 Yeah. The Pres of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. 
 Yeah, maybe they call him "President Banana" behind his back, like they called the first Pres of Zimbabwe?
 Unfortunately, yes. When he visited India, they removed all the coconuts from around his destination.
 While in office, FDR vetoed 635 bills during his presidency. Obama vetoed 2. 
 B.O.?
 It wopuld have been fun if the old rules were in place when BO ran for the president...the one where the runner up automatically gets to be VP.  Then Romney would have had to be Obama's flunky.
 Yeah that is an interesting rule they had then. It was nice chatting with you.
 Hello
 Wow, I didn't know that. Rapper tupac shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 Yeah, me too.  I believe Trump is the richest.
 I'd like to look also.  Maybe he's hiding.
 I guess so.  Great chat!
 I'm not sure if I ever saw that movie. No surprise that Walt Disney holds the current record of 22 oscars. His company has made so many great movies. 
 Ha! Tricky! You can really listen to anything on the radio. Classical latin news, Hanson, or even radio storms on Jupiter. Did you know that ? Jupiter has radio storms so strong you could hear them on AM radio!
 I couldn't remember if he was American or Canadian, but I can definitely remember his voice! He'd definitely go viral on Facebook if he was around today, don't you think
 Tupac is a classic. His music is in the library of congress of cultural significance.
 Yes I think so. One of the actors that I like best is Daniel Day-Lewis though, he's won best actor three times
 Yep that's the guy that beat 90,000 people and actually now races in real race cars professionally, what a lucky guy
 I know star studded cast for sure. Nice chatting today with you. 
 Hello, how are you?
 Hahaha! Yep, I do where clothing, everyday usually. especially while I am playing Golf. Did you know you can visit a store in Alabama that sells only stuff from unclaimed baggage from airports?
 Hahaha!! No I don't think I would buy clothing from there...but the electronics I would! I wonder if they do have clothes there that were made by Apple when they had a clothing line back in the 80s!
 Hahaha, I have no idea! Would be interesting though! I wonder what color of clothing the president wears when he is playing Golf? 
 No, never been to the White House. Although I have met one of the Presidents before when I worked at a medical Facility....
 Hi, Very little. Iknow it it very very popular in the US
 There are bull sharks that live in one of its water hazards
 LOL Totally understood, but that is one fo the nice things of golf. Each hole is unique and has its own challenges!
 I think that is so necessary,there are also variou types of terrains like sand traps, long grass and fairways
 Lol, do you play in the 18 hole o 9 hole courses?
 that is cool! Talking about dress code, it reminded me of different types of clothing, I heard that a chinese man was wearing 70 pieces of clothing to avoid bagging charges!!
 Hello!
 Exactly! I wonder if the president wears the same types of clothing when he plays golf.
 Very true! I like that every golf course has its own layout. Must make the game a lot more interesting. But some recreational courses are smaller than the standard 18 hole courses.
 I have played miniature golf hahaa, I don't have the patience. I heard Babe Ruth was America's most famous golfer, how strange! That man was talented.
 Really? Wow, I didn't know that. There is probably a lot more to playing golf than I know.
 True. That's was smart of Samuel to do. I guess golfing is a way to relax for most. That must be why all of the president's have been golfers.
 Very true! I find it interesting that the 3 wealthiest presidents were from many years ago, I thought for sure President Trump would have been named the wealthiest.
 No. I prefer helicopters, but they are a little out of my budget. I might like my car better if I could equip it with a set of those flame throwers that are legal in South Africa!
 I wonder if Cadillac makes one?
 Detroit was founded by te French explorer, Antoine de la mothe Cadillac. Today's explorer, Space X takes, off using flame throwing rockets. Does that count?
 Sure, if he can get there first, but he may be greeted by Chinese and Russian toll booth attendants asking him what's in the trunk?   Do you know what the trunk of  the car was named for?
 If it was an elephant we were talking about, the rear compartment would have a totally different name!  Cars used to be equipped with wooden trunks secured to the back of the vehicles. Some elephants come with wooden trunks too, but they rest on top...
 But they are too civilized for flame throwers...  I'll have to check with my FaceBook crew to learn the ways of the British Boot 
 Of course. We are not animals... We only eat them. At bURGER kING, THEY ARE HAVING A PROMOTION: DROP 10 fACEBOOK FRIENDS AND GET A FREE WHOPPER.
 If I had a Facebook page, I would "like" your comment. While this button is illegal in some places in Germany, we westerners still type on the wild side...
 Occasionally, Facebook can be used for good (only occasionally). Iceland is rewriting it's constitution and is usig facebook to enable citizens to make suggestions and comments
 I like that... We can start the petition for the new Amendment... Thou shall partake of the frozen cream custards on Thursdays, courtesy of Trump...
 I am off to do some freestyle Korean rap, complement battle, and the first compleent with be sent your way! Adios!
 From time to time, but I am trying to lessen my time in there. do you know why it is blue.
 No idea really. nice chat
 Good morning to you!
 I love it! Who deosn't like a good laugh every now and then?
 I did not! I'm happy he followed his heart though and made some great comedy for everyone. Laughter is a medicine in it's own way
 I think it would have been a lot better, especially because it would have been starring Jack Black
 LOL.  I can't say that I have, but then again, I bet I probably saw them as "buddy" films in the past.  I think something like "The Hangover" fits that.
 ah I didn't know that, well if Kiss did a halftime show I would definitely go see that team haha
 haha good point someone probably made some money on that, I think I would give up once the score hit 100-0 haha
 That's cool!  did you also know that there is a deaf rapper who rhymes in sign language.  That is awesome
 That's great!  The world's fastest rapper noclue raps 14.1 syllables per second
 Wow, have a nice trip!  Did you know that a radio station exists that changes solar activity into sound so you can listen to the sun's music
 I do like rap! I've recently tried to delve deep into 90's rap, where it seems a lot of influential rappers came from, like Tupac!
 Tupac is great! His music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance". Pretty impressive, right? What other rappers do you like?
 Agreed! It's always interesting to me how much rap has influenced every day life, and bled into other facets like entertainment! Thanks to rap moving across America, we can credit Busta Rhymes with "voicing the reptar wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie!" Rap seems to be in all of our entertainment these days!
 Wow! That is crazy. I like car racing games. I love cars in real life, too. It's hard to imagine that   not too long ago people were still using animal drawn carriages and carts in the US. Cars really took off quickly here.
 Me too! I also like cars in real life, the history of them especially! What's most interesting to me is that one of the first accessible cars to the masses was the 1908 Model T, which was produced by the Ford Motor Company, which is still around today, which is amazing!
 Indeed. They've come a long way since the 1886 Benz Patent-motorwagen, to the 1908 Model T, to the South African cars equipped with flame throwers! 
 Lol! I wish my car could fit that many people, but I'm the same as you, my car barely fits myself and a passenger, even though its the size of a boat! It's just not very well designed, the roof slopes down to much for anyone above 3 feet to sit in the back! Maybe Ford could go back to their 1908 roots, and design a car that the masses really loved! Keep it simple!
 Maybe, but simple cars are harder to rap about! 
 That's true! For example, Tyler, the Creator would have never been able to rap about Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla, if Tesla's cars weren't exotic and the opposite of simple! Awesome point!
 Hi, how are you?
 I am good! And you?
 That's good your parents cared, I have always been open minded about music and rap etc My parents didn't let me listen to music really so I went crazy by buying every album I could when I left home. Back then rap wasn't very popular within my group, But wow did I have a great Album collection!
 Haha, yes I bought vinyl back then. The 70s and 80s Albums were the only affordable music, or listen to the radio. It is crazy how many Artists I listened to my whole life are still around, like Pink Floyd,Aerosmith etc. Great music.
 That's awesome, they are a great band and their Albums are all great. I had to get rid of my collection when we moved to a different state and we had only 2 pick up trucks to haul our stuff so sadly I let them go. Nobody knew how music would change lol.....I still listen to all that genre of music on the radio so it's all good.
 Yeah. I listen to classic rock at the gym a lot. Really good and I miss that type of music. Not many like that now...
 Exactly, older music was a lot different than it is now. So many genre's and styles. Which don't get me wrong I like current music too and have listened to rap here and there. I think so many great artists have died so their albums spike in sales a lot of the time, look at Prince and Michael Jackson, they have higher sales than ever.
 I liked Prince a bit but not a huge fan, although Purple Rain is a fav of mine, and Bowie was ok I never bought any of their albums, I was more rock I guess.
 That makes me feel better. I always get judged when I say I do not like either. Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, Its is my favourite sports.
 He was considered as the Pacers greatest player all the time. He retired by 2006. Great loss to the NBA sports and fans.
 In 2002 Miller single handedly eliminated New jersy nuts in fifty and final game of the first round of the play.
 It's very shocking news.
 Physicsts proved shooting granny style is the best technique to score point on the line.
 What your favourite entertainment ?
 Did you know why they discontinued ?
 HA! What a bunch of bad music. Maybe some Nickleback and Avril Levigne too!
 I would try that but I would probably slit my wrists trying to channel the channel.
 What a great line! HA! I know I wore out that CD when I went to gym when it first came out. I loved that one. Have you heard that mix between them and Jay-Z?
 Yeah! That comes on my spotify every once in a while. It's a banger! It makes me happy. Was Collisiono Course only LP and Jay?
 Never really got into them but always meant to. Nice chatting with you.
 Oh yeah I believe I learned about that in History, it was a weird fact my teacher told us. Something about Caesar visited Britain in 50bc.
 Yeah it would me too! 
 I know, I mean nowadays there are so many types of electronics, I can't imagine what the gaming world will be like in a few more years.
 Picture this, just launching through the plains with a lion after you! 
 Wow, he must have really loved that game. That's so cool! 
 Haha that is so true!
 Wow, you would think so too, especially with drive in movie theaters.
 I think its a weird style lol, how do you even lose a compliment battle, Korean rappers are the weirdest
 Ahh named after the found of Detroit. Cadillac is one of my favorite American cars, probably right behind Jeep. I wish I had a Jeep.
 I do, ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED? 
 Hi, how are you?
 I do follow the NBA. Do you?
 Tim Duncan stayed in college and lost millions in NBA money.
 I know and he missed out on a lot of endorsements because he just didn't care. Air jordans were banned for a period of time.
 I think they were too radical and not approved by the NBA. David Stern was not a progressive commissioner.
 I heard the Notorios RBG has a great vertical. Dunks on Kennedy all the time.
 She's the Spud Webb of the Supremes. She stays in shape to maintain respect on the court. 
 Notoriety is enough to get a readership. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Ditto!
 I have heard a greatest hits album by them and I thought it was good. I like old school rap better than todays rap, Have you ever heard NWA?
 Yea I think its cause they were unique and actually had some rapping skill. Have you ever heard of eminem? I think he is the best rapper
 Yea he is that rapper that is known for rapping really fast. I heard he even was on the kids shows rugrats as a voice. I think we should promote happy and positive rap music
 I totally agree with that because I believe that way it can also be educational. Nice chatting with you :)
 While I like college ball, I prefer the NBA.  My favorite player of all time is Tim Duncan of the Spurs
 Hey I liked Jordon too.  Space Jam was an awesome movie!
 And then they also had the Animaniacs, which might have been my favorite cartoon growing up
 Yes, Ren and Stimpy and Rocks modern life were a major part of my childhood.
 Hi!
 Hey!  Aren't telephones great!
 Yeah!  Back in the good old days!  I used my telephone twice today while I was watching baseball.
 I had heard that before.  I think it was during a Yankees game.  The best thing is that it's so fast to dial 212 there.
 I know!  I wonder how long it would take to speed read 212.  I bet Anne Jones could read it really fast.
 I guess, they put lots of stuff in braille.  It's in braille on my elevator.  The one I take to go watch baseball in New York.
 I know!  Isn't that nifty of them.  I could probably go without using mine for maybe 10 or 15 minutes or so, probably.
 All my friends say she reads really fast.  Like 4700 words a minute fast.  She must be a blast at parties.   Always reading stuff quick.
 Probably.  I know a lot of women who like to talk a lot.  Maybe she can talk really fast while reading terrible poetry.
 Exactly!  That reminds me, as soon as I'm done here, I'm gonna go read Ender's Game, like they do in the Marine Corps.
 That's true and if you don't like it, you can always read Starship Troopers.
 The military really knows how to pick good books!
 Reading books is a great way to spend time.  Better than being absorbed by technology.  Unicef will donate a day's worth of water to a child for every minute you do not use your cell phone!
 Yeah.  Well it was nice chatting.  Have a good day!
 It's a shame that so many families are affected by these and like killings.  
 Yes.  Did you know that Cs Lewis and Tolkien had "you laugh you lose" competitions?
 A lot of kids seem to need movement and sitting in class all day and then just going on technology at night must not be good for them so moving on a bike is simulating natural!  Did you know that Baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play for the team if needed.
 Sounds fun!  Take care!
 Hey there, yes, I have the samsung galaxy s8
 yeah saw that to the left. That woulda been something to be the only one there for that.
 I'm sure they would have. Somebody's got it somewhere
 yeah, even seeing creed there might have been ok
 I love it!  The first king to travel around the world was King Kalakaua of Hawaii.  I would love to be able to say I've done that.
 lol That's funny!  I always wondered when I saw pictures of them in odd places where they shouldn't be. lol
 Ahhh...that makes sense.  The Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph.  Weeeeeee!  lol
 I would if I knew I could make it safely.  All of Japans highways are tolls and it costs more than $300 to travel across the country.  I'll have to remember that if I ever go there.
 I haven't but it sounds nice.  They banned motorized vehicles there for over 100 years and most travel by horse drawn carriages or bikes.  Sounds like a good place to get aways for a few days.
 Are you a fan of tv?  Did you ever watch "That 70s Show"?
 I loved it.  The remade it verbatim in the UK and called it "Days like These".  It was cancelled after 10 episodes!  It's been fun chatting!
 Have a good one!
 Hi, how are you?
 I have kids as well, and I know how much they look forward to summer vacation lol, 
 Oh yeah! My son loves summer vacation. Although he thinks he can just sit around and watch tv. He's so naive...
 I agree. I have a hard time saying "no" to tv. I do say it but it is just so easy to let them watch tv and leave me alone while I work.
 Yeah. I just had my son next to me at my desk doing math homework. I hope I set a good example, at least...
 I think so. Although the movie is not appropriate for that age. I would suggest finance books too like Rich Dad, Poor Dad.
 Wow! Nice chatting with you!
 That's crazy. I love traveling. It's one of my favorite things to do.
 I think it would be relaxing as well. I love traveling.
 Sounds good you too. Good chatting with you!
 Me too, it's a good thing we have color TV now, one of my favorite shows to enjoy is South Park, it wouldn't be the same in monochrome.
 Oh yes you're totally right. I think it's cool the Simpson's crew gave the South Park crew flowers. It was lovely being able to chat with you today.
 Yes they did! And it was nice talking to you as well, have a good day!
 Who would have thought that?  I do know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 Me too!  I remember that show in the 70s.  Pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities.  I wonder why they get exclusive access?  Hmmmm
 True!  Speaking of voice actors...Robin Williams was the voice of Aladdin.
 That bummed me out when I heard about it.  I loved all the different roles he played and his stand up act was good too.
 yes...obviously they sell otherwise he wouldn't have made 3. lol  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.  I wonder how that would play out today?
 That's what I was thinking.  Kind of a different fact for a different country....we don't actually know how old Kim Jong Un from North Korea is.  I'
 Could you imagine driving at 3?  You're right!  I've had fun chatting with you!
 lol  have a good one!
 hello.
 That is very sad. I hope something gets done about that soon.
 Do you think it could have anything to do with the fact that the days are getting longer.
 Considering that a day used to last just 5.5. hours. We sure have a lot more time to mess things up 
 Thats crazy to think about. We havnt been here hardly a fraction of the time and are doing such damage to the earth.
 That awesome to know. If I understood it. Lol. Earth is supposedly the only planet with life. What do you think. 
 I would like to meet the ambassador to aliens.
 Lol. That would be an awesome job. What if they already talk to aliens and dont  tell the public. It would be cool to be in on it.
 We will have to find another way to blow up our baloons and make ouseles talk funny. Lol.
 Well Im ure a lot of different resources have run out throughout history. We find a way to get on without. We are humans we make the situation a little better.
 I would say that we are gonna be a lot more concerned about it.
 That might help you get through the 11 hour long matches though!
 She could get through a whole library during that time! It's been fun talking tennis with you, hope you check out Wimbledon sometime.
 There are also other great tournaments like the US Open, French Open, and Australian Open.
 Competition sparks new and creative ideas.  Probably exactly what this country needs!
 Oh nooooo!!!!  I do not like him at all.  I wonder how old he is?
 Great chatting with you too and I am off to watch a documentary about Jupiter saving the earth from asteroids, yearlyt. Have  a good day.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Hi, you as well.  Were you a fan of Maria bueno, the Brazillian tennis star?
 You know how people were in old times.... everything needs to be proper and serious ;) I don't think there was many players that stood out ;)
 Wow, I wonder why. I like Simpsons as well. When South Park aired its Family Guy episode they got flowers from the Simpsons Crew. 
 I really liked it. I think those in the UK should have just watched the original.
 I think the song God's Plan is quite catchy.
 Agreed. I also think it's cool that Kanye cancelled appointments and took two days to rewrite his own after he heard Eminem's verse on Drake's song Forever!
 I think I'm going to go listen to some Drake's song Forever right now. Have a good night!
 Yes, you too! Have a good day!
 I like it too.  In 2009 country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute in the USA.
 Oh wow that is really cool. Must be some feel good music for people just getting off work. The term country music gained popularity in the 1940s.
 That's neat!  I really love the old style country music the older I get from back then.  They call it deep southern music.  lol
 I guess since I like that style it makes me a hillbilly.  lol lol I didn't know that but I can see the resemblence with the fiddles, etc.
 Nice guitars!  Did you know that George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins?  I never knew that.
 Nice!  There are only 2 African Americans in the Country Music Hall of Fame.  I wonder who they are?  Maybe Charley Pride is one of them?
 Maybe!  That's right!  I love SNL!  I also like the Simpson.  There has only been 1 episode ever where Bart neither is mentioned or appears in. 
 Wow.  Sounds like quite a few people I have known through the years.  lol  
 I didn't know that.  I used to watch that show alot.  Have you ever watched Pokemon.  I only have through my kids but there are over 750 episodes of it!
 I agree!  Did you know that they remade "That 70s show" in the UK and called it "Days Like These"?  It only lasted for 10 episodes.
 Kind of a weird choice to remake in the UK I think. In one of the Simpsons episode Daniel Radcliffe was the voice of the cartoon parity of twilight's Edward Cullen. I would like to see that.
 That would be interesting.  I didn't know that.  Do you use Facebook alot?  I only check it a few times a week now.
 Yes.  They were valued at $104 billion when they held their first IPO in 2012.  Crazy.  I actually think it's a total waste of time to go on there.  I just jump on to say hi to friends that live far away and that's about it.  Anyhow...It's been fun chatting with you!
 Well I guess we can see who easily won that social media battle
 Have you ever seen the videos of Mark Zuckerberg at a bbq behaving like a robot?
 I feel like people like mark and elon musk their mind operates on a different level
 Well he chose a color that is very visually pleasing, He definitely has an eye for aesthetics
 Yes but only because of one artist that went on joe rogans show his name is Wheeler walker Jr do you know who he is
 Take a look at his episode of the joe rogan podcast when you have a chance the man has a vast knowledge of music and he's hilarious
 What is your favorite country music artist?
 They say he was quite the conservationist, so I bet you are right.
 Was there anything Babe Ruth wasn't great at?  I am surprised by how many athletes really love it, like Michael Jordan, for instance.
 That's a good idea. Thanks for the chat! I've gotta go.
 Hi!  Yes I do both.  Did you know that if you combined all the golf courses in America they would take up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined?
 It's incredible.  An average American course can consumer around 3112,000 gallons per day!
 Wow.  They must have one heck of an irrigation system.  Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer.  That's surprising to know.
 I just learned about it.  Samuel Jackson puts a golf clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production.  Wish I could work with that kind of benefit.  lol
 I agree!  Speaking of smart...I wonder how smart the president of Indonesia is?  He released 3 pop albums while in office.  He must have had a lot of free time on his hands.
 I know right?  lol  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  Hilarious!  I wonder if he got razzed a lot over his name?
 lol I wonder if he ever visited the US presidents guest house?  It is larger than the White House.
 I was thinking maybe they did that to treat the guests good?  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became vice president.  Could you imagine that happening now.  As if the fighting was bad enough already between political parties....
 For sure.  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  Although I think Trump is in the top 3 now.
 I think I read somewhere recently where he is the richest president ever.  I could be wrong though.  Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?  I don't know what they are used for.
 No that is interesting though.  It's been nice chatting, I hope you have a good day. 
 I wonder how you would have the time while running for president
 wow i guess he was good at multiple sports.  I saw that Samuel l. Jackson puts a golfing clause in his film contracts that allows him the oppurtunity to play golf twice a week.
 Yeah, and all that use might be on one hole, in one sand trap! At least that has been my experience! You know who the wealthiest three presidents were? 
 Trump doesn't even make the top three! THey were Washington, Jefferson, and JFK.  Hard to imagine George Washington playing golf...
 True. But these days, even though the White House is considered the workplace and residence of the president, I would bet that a lot of his work, including making deals with politicians and foreign dignitaries,  is actually accomplished on the golf course...
 My sister-in-law is a doctor, and she spends tons of time on the golf course.  She may be privileged, but she is not an old boy, LOL  The US has more golf courses than the rest of the world combined, so it is a pretty popular game here in the states...
 That is because it takes so long to play one game that it seems people are playing it all the time! LOL I wonder if the President plays Monopoly? His life was spent as a developer, so he would be great at it!
 Yeah, you a probably right. You know who else was "right
 Teddy Roosevelt! He was so conservative that he banned Christmas trees in the White House!  
 Who really knows who these Presidents are on the inside? Like, would you have guessed that George W Bush restored the use of Solar panels on the White House? That would mean that the Clinton regime did not use them.
 Yup. Just like the President of Indonesia, who released three pop albums while in office. I wonder if they were rap albums?
 I bet the first president of Zimbabwe knows, the honorable President Banana!
 Same here, have a good one
 hahahaha, yes, but did you see that they are winning? hahaha
 Yes some things just seem really backwards. Nice chatting with you
 hey how's it going?
 I'm good, wow I didnt know that, did you know that shooting granny style is the most consistent way to score baskets? thats hilarious
 it says allen iverson will be 800k a year until he's 55 and then 32 million dollars as a luimp payment, like good for him but I don't know who is taking advice from celebrities wearing shoes
 lol that's funny, like how is that possible, you have to have no idea about money use, also I didn't know jupiter has radio waves so strong you can pick them up on the radio
 huh weird have you listened to that? What is that like?
 well I also didn't know that astronauts vote from space, thats while haha
 lol that is funny, shocking that no one could figure out that hanson was the band name shows how far they have fallen, pretty funny austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump fred durst, that guy has also fallen haha
 oh wow really? I'll have to check that out, I can't believe the indian gov set up a polling booth in the forest just for one voter, seems silly
 haha ya maybe they just want to be sure that if th9e vote comes down to 1 person, then they are covered haha
 lol, eh could be the most honest chimp in government, at least they can vote for him, I guess not all men could vote in the UK until 1918 which isn't that long ago
 Oh nice good call. I love wolves. I would like to know more about them. Apparently the study of animals is called zoology.
 There are really good and relaxing, it is less engaging for the eyes than watching a drama on TV. 
 You wouldn't need it on Makinac Island. They don't allow cars there.
 I hope so because that is quite fast. Do you know who the first king is?
 It was the king of hawaii actually. nice chatting with you
 I'm guessing she likes some animals, but not all 20 quintillion of them.
 When the kids are in bed I like to fire up Netflix and find a ten part drama to keep me going for a few weeks.
 Have a nice day and thanks for all the cool facts about animals and drama, bye. 
 Yes I have a car. I only lease it though, I use it to travel for work sometimes, I actually just got back from Florida
 It would but I get a good deal on leasing, so the miles actually don't bother me. I essentially get unlimited miles. It would be good if I lived in Japan though, I would take all the highways and work would pay for the $300 in tolls LOL
 Well have you ever been to Mackinac Island? I'm actually from Michigan so I've been there, they don't have cars but they only use horses, and the whole island smells like horse poop LOL
 I've vacationed in Michigan because my dad's parents live there, but I've never been to Mackinac Island. From your description, I don't think my nose wants me to go, haha!
 Yeah there is a free stations that you can check out.
 Haha :)  
 I love all kinds of music.  Music is so important to me.  I mostly listen to hip hop or country.  I like when the music has a story.  I can relate to so much of it.  How about you?
 I need to hear this rap album made by the two twins from Japan at 100 years old.  Sounds hilarious.  I am learning a lot about Japan today!
 I wonder if he initially got into for the girls like Michael Caine did?  LOL!
 Yes, you might find one or two interesting things. :)  Maybe you can find a reality show about the Swiss lawyer that represents animals in court.  That could be fun.
 Not sure about Switzerland, but I know for sure that animals have legal rights guaranteed by the German constitution.  Maybe a Judge Clifford the Big Red dog themed show?  LOL
 That would be outstanding!  He could hear cases from all kinds of species since animals have complex interactions with each other, much like humans do.  I would watch that for sure.
 There would be no shortage of cases!  Even the loch ness monster is protected per Scottish law.  You could just imagine a little cryptozoology cases that Clifford would hear as well.
 This idea has so many possibilities.  Even in animated form, it would be outstanding.  Zoologists could be creative/expert consultants, as could actual attorneys.  We may be on to something.
 Yes!  And how can animals that speak different dialects still communicate?  How can dolphins communicate over a telephone?  We could really provide an entertaining and educational service to so many.  That would be fun.
 Really great chat!  I hope you have a great day!
 Yes I do like cars. It's crazy that the first car was invented in the late 1800s that seems so long ago
 Up and that was back in 1908, think about how far we come in terms of car manufacturing since then! Including the invention of the drive-through haha
 Yes, the drive thru, what would we do without that. Mcdonalds added the drive thru in 1975.
 I do like listening to rap in my car sometimes haha. What would be cool though would be to live in South Africa with a flamethrower on my car and listen to rap while shooting flames LOL
 Yes I think instead of it being about dissing the other person it would be about giving them compliments which I think is more positive and fun LOL
 They should all get in their cars and go elsewhere where it's safe. Thank goodness for 20th century inventions of transportation!
 Very true. Social media has changed the world. I enjoy coming across rap music on social media though. I love the rhyme and street language.
 It can be very emotional as well and deeply touching.  BAM was created to employ a form of group therapy to keep young men from going off track.  The students can share personal struggles, building a kind of brotherhood.
 They are also assisted in getting jobs and a career. It's a great program!
 Arne Duncan deserves praise for all his hard work and dedication to helping the young men.
 How sad and how great of him to be able to forgive and make a difference in others' lives.
 Too bad drive thrus have attributed to my laziness haha. They are super convenient, and what a cool way to help out soldiers.
 No kidding! Crazy. Hard to believe how much cars have changed over time. Now most have reverse cameras, navigation systems and in car entertainment. 
 I do, I love rap, the music that incorporates rhyme, rhythmic speech and street ventricular.
 Yeah, I like classic rap like Tupaq. His music is in the library of conress of "cultural significance."
 Yea, Tupac is my favorite, nice to know his music is in the library of congress
 Cool for you.  I guess the Ramones toured constantly for over 20 years and did 2,263 concerts.  I now know why they wanted to be sedated.
 ya that would happen, and it would message your friend and say that you valued them less than 1/10 of a whopper haha
 No that is gone for a while now. nice chat
 That explains why I've always wanted my back scratched after my blood transfusion! Did you know that dogs in Moscow have learned to use the subway?
 Yeah if I had to choose, I would choose a dog over a cat for a pet. They are much smarted and social
 Yeah, seems like they enjoy working for humans.
 Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research subjects.
 Not really. I think we have similar sensibilities... well, let's see. What are you thoughts on the president?
 WE DO AGREE! I have such reverance for the office that his presidency will be seen as a stain on the history of the USA. I do not mind talks of walls or economics but the way he has done it has divided this country and caused such unnecessary anger.
 Yeah. I was so turned off by the "Grab them by the *****..." comment. I am not sure there is enough secret service if he were to repeat his actions
 Yeah. Do you listen to country music?
 I had no idea. It was really nice chatting with you today!
 Same here and have a good one
 Hi. Wouldn't it be funny to be watching a soccer match and have a dog on the field save a play?
 I believe the goal was unattended at the time. Funny, they didn't penalize for too many players on the field. ;)
 True! I do love to read though. I'm glad that the spread of novels is no longer considered a "moral panic" like it was in the 18th century
 Oh, good point. Well, it was nice sharing with you. Have a blessed day.
 Wow -- not the whole things, I hope! Mine are just worn out from use, but they look like crap from my cats clawing at them.
 Oh a lot of things, but I gotta go now. Nice talking to you!
 Hi did you know that first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? lol
 lol  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.Maybe he wrote a song about banana? lol
 lol  The top 3 wealthiest president in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I think Trump in the top 3 now though.....
 I would like a little piece of that pie. lol  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election would automatically become vice president.  That wouldn't fly today.lol
 lol  They would be out on the white house lawn boxing.  lol  Do you like dogs?
 I like them.  I have one.  Wish I worked at google.  Their code of conduct specifically states they are a dog company.  I read that you can take your dog to work with you there.
 I read that.  I believe the elephant is the only other animal that can do that as well.
 Interesting.  I didn't know that there were 12 different blood types a dog can have.  
 I know.  Dogs can even donate blood at dog blood drives.  First time I've ever heard about that.  lol
 No I didn't.  What do they do?
 I have not developed a white patch, so I guess I'm not a pet. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Haha let's hope it stays that way. Nice talking to you too!
 The president is a common title for the head of state or government.
 The US president guest house is larger than the white house. President is the executive head of the nation.
 JFK, Washington and Jefferson. They are played important role in the improvement of the nation.
 Yes, you are right, that was who I was thinking of. I agree they were very important in history. In the US the runner up won the tile of VP automatically until 1805! I'm glad it is no longer that way.
 If it happens in current years it very difficult to handle the situation and the nation also suffers.
 It very interesting. The study of animals called zoology. Animals are help to maintain the balance the eco-system.
 Oh I love animals. On earth there are about 20 quintillion  on Earth.
 Germany became the first country in world to give Constitutionally guaranteed legal rights. This shows how they affection towards animals and Dog was the first domesticated animal by man.
 Oh that is interesting. I like dogs.
 Well, then I am glad dogs are domesticated. Did you know domesticated animals have white patches on their foreheads?
 Oh its very interesting.
 But today water animals only have gills and lungs, In land animals have only lungs. Some of the different can live in both land and water. It's our duty to preserve it.
 Totally 7 millions animal species all over the world.
 Amazing ! Very nice chat with you.
 Yes, it was nice chatting with you as well.
 I wonder why was it like that ?
 Oh wow, it was Nixon?
 I guess a law. The is a candy drawer that one of the senators keeps at their desk to share candy with the others. My kind of job!
 I would like to know what kind of candies were those ;)
 Apparently milky ways, mars bars and jellybeans currently. 
 God, I love Mars... did You ever try those ?
 You have to try them ;) ever since I was a little boy in Poland I can't stop eating them :)
 can You name all ? :)
 yeah probably haha. And reading is a form of language processing.
 Yes it is. Are you into war books.
 Well starship troopers is the first sci fi novel on the list of 3 out of the 5 military branches in the Us
 Yeah they just cant see as many colors as humans.  Dogs are the only animal except elephants that can understanding pointing
 I wonder that too. It was nice talking to you!
 Hi there! How are you today? I'm hanging out waiting for the weather to get warmer so I can wash my car. Do you like cars?
 Yes! People there can attach flamethrowers to prevent car-jacking. I bet that would be handy in the US!
 That is really cool. Although I could not imagine trying to fit all my groceries into a wooden trunk.
 I wonder what the French explorer was it was named after?
 I knew there were a lot, but not that many! I know they do actually have blood drives for dogs, which is sweet.
 It's hard to believe that we don't have those in the US. Did you know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.
 Yes, I would agree. It is pretty amazing that a dog can play so many roles, including hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, assisting police, companionship and more.
 I have heard that. I've heard they can see color, just not as many as humans can. Nice chatting with you today!
 It was also good chatting with you!
 Yeah I think so too. nice chat
 I think it is because its from american history trump is not part of that yet
 Possibly.  I do like Zimbabwe's first president being called president banana.
 yeah that is a great name i am going to have to look more into some of these things they are very interesting and i want to know a little more about certain things i read about in this article
 As have I.  I learned that I should have collected baseball cards!
 Me too. It was nice chatting with you
 I agree, too bad I dint catch that promotion who doesnt like free food lol
 Agreed. Sometimes, I think the only safe form of media today is the radio. Nothing beats a good old fashioned radio for sure!
 Agreed. I'm going to go browse some Facebook now. Great chatting with you!
 Hey there! Have you heard of the disturbing scandal involving the  Minnesota legislator and his daughter? 
 If it's that disturbing he should probably face criminal charges.  
 I agree but like all crimes guilty until proven innocent no matter what the alleged crime is.
 That's true. Very strange story none the less. Do you listen to the radio?
 Oh yeah, i have my radio blasting every day all day!
 Did you now Jupiter radio storms can be picked up by AM radio?
 WOW Really? That's incredible! And Jupitor is so far away too!
 Yeah, it is pretty amazing! I wonder what it sounds like?
 I bet it sounds just like static because that is all you hear on the Am dial nowadays haha
 LOL. I wonder if we've ever heard it and not realized it. According to candian law requires at least 40 percent of the radio to be candian artists. 
 That's good to know since the majority is American artists.
 Yeah, I imagine they dominate a lot of radio stations. I wonder what kind of candian artists they listen to.
 That would be interesting to find out. Maybe they play a lot of classical canadian music like that one website lets you listen to?
 Maybe! Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil! Incredible! 
 That's awesome! I'm sure that cut dcown the boredom and depression 
 Yeah, you would definitely be desperate for basic entertainment i'm sure. Do you ever use Facebook?
 Yeah, i use my facebook daily. I have been a member of Facebook since 2010. And you?
 Yeah, ive been a member for a while, but I only get on every few days now. It's become pretty frustrating to use after all the ads got put on there.
 Yeah, but you can customize your page to turn ads off.
 I haven't messed around with it too much, but I will check it out. Myspace turned down and offer to buy facebook for 75 million in 2005.
 Yeah, i bet MySpace is kicking themselves in the butt now too haha
 Yeah, for sure! I think facebook is worth around 600 billion now!
 haha anything is possible nowadays! Well, it was great chatting with you, i gotta run. Have a great day!
 It was great chatting! Bye!
 Bye
 That is funny, how can you name you kid after a fruit lol, anyways the chat has been really interesting, thanks a lot for your time
 Haha that is funny. Well, it was good chatting with you. Have a good day. 
 LOL. It was good talking to you!
 HAHA! Pres Banana sounds like some sort of funny rap song or kids song, that's great! That sounds like a fun name to say!
 haha I agree, he should release a rap album like the president of indonesia, President Banana and VP Plantain! haha
 That's a good way to help promote local artists. I get tired of hearing the same songs all the time.
 Indeed. Do you know that the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana? 
 I know, that's a good line for a dinner party.
 Yeah, I will probably use that one next time I eat with friends, heres another fun fact, Elmo is the only non-human to testify before the u.s congress
 Aparently Elmo testified before the Education Appropriations subcommittee in support for music education programs, Elmo was wearing a cool suit.
 You should definetely do it! and Elmo is the best!
 Hello - how are you today? 
 Yea, I enjoy it when it is on. I don't seek it however. I hear Donald Trump also loves Elton John.
 I agree, did you know Trump actually named Kim Jong Un " Rocket Man" after the song.
 That's very close to me. Well its been great talking to you.
 I also like wearing polo shirts, even though I have never played the sport
 Not well.  Maybe we should all dress like Hawaii office attire.  An aloha shirt is much more fun than a suit and tie 
 You too.  Been nice chatting
 Hi there, looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Oh my so true. It was nice chatting with you.
 It's crazy to think that the top three richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Thomas Jefferson. 
 Yeah, probably. Wonder how rich the president of Indonesia is? He's released 3 pop albums while in office. 
 Haha. Can't imagine they are. Another interesting fact -- the first president of Zimbabwe was named President Banana. Wonder if that was his real name.
 Crazy. Did you know there's a store in Alabama that only sells clothes, cameras and other stuff found at airports in unclaimed baggage? Bet the prices are good. 
 In 1986, Apple had a clothing line. I had a couple of those shirts back in the day!
 The Apple logo certainly was -- was a rainbow color. The company Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea but labels them as Made in China. Seems shady to me. 
 During the cultural revolution in China, gangs wore layers of as many shirts as they could and popped the collars. Now we know where frat boys get their style. 
 Hell yeah! At infomercial king Billy Mays' funeral, the pallbearer wore blue shirts and khaki pants. Got keep that brand going, even after death I suppose. 
 Good question! I guess because they were later popularized by polo players. 
 At least we now know where the lacoste crocodile came from, that was the tennis player's nickname
 Nice. Wonder if they make LaCoste shirts as button downs, where the collar tips are fastened to the shirt with buttons?
 People get those terms mixed up so often. Good to know the difference!
 Very true.  I'm learning things here!
 Been great talking with you!
 Oh no he's alive. He was born in 1947 actually. He sold over 300 million records to. He's one of the best-selling music artists around
 Haha that's true. I just hope that they recorded it so that I can see it haha. Well watch out for creed don't ever go to their concert because it is horrible haha
 I hope not. What will we put in balloons?  lol  Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago.
 That is sad seeing how only 29 percent of Earth's surface consists of continents and islands.  
 I didn't.  I would have slept for almost 2 days straight then!
 If Earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds!
 I didn't hear about that.  He hhit the jackpot.  Have you heard of those flame throwing cars they have in South Africa to prevent car jackings?  Yikes!
 You got it!  The trunks of cars are called that because in the old days of cars people used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them!
 I'm not sure what to think of them yet.  I'll stick to cadillacs for now, which by the way was named after the French Explorer Antoine de la mothe Cadillac.  I've had a good time chatting.  Let me know about those self driving cars?
 It was.  Have a great night!
 The fastest reader was a woman named Anne Jones. 4,700 words per minute. But what's her reading comprehension?
 That would be so fun! I remember watching that show. Would you?
 Hi, how are you doing?
 Great to have in your contract during film production.
 I wish I had cell service as good as Mt. Everest!  Mine sucks.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I'm heading out to the movies with my kids, I'll talk to you later, friend.
 Yes they do.  Apparently they take up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined.  That's a lot!
 I guess he probably was.  I haven't played golf before.  Speaking of famous people, did you know that Thomas the Tank Engine was narrated by stars like George Carlin?  He was the voice of Thomas for 52 episodes.
 I think it's still running.  I think pretty successful shows attract guest stars and guest narrators like Alec Baldwin and Ringo Starr, who also were the voice for Thomas.
 At least the app encouraged people to go explore a little more.  Did you know that there is cell service on Mt. Everest?  Are they taking selfies there?
 I didnt know that, it would be cool to face time from the top of MT. Everest.
 Freezing!  But yeah it would be neat to document your journey that way.  A phone would be lighter equipment during the climb, and it would be a great way to include others in your adventure who couldn't join.
 It would, it is a good thing there is a copy of the internet in the Library of Alexandria
 I think that is hilarious!  And yes, I'm still a little miffed the library burned down.  I think it's a good idea to back up our data and save copies of things like terms and conditions.  Did you know that only 7% of people read the terms fully when they buy something online?
 I asked for help when I was buying my phone plan; even in person it can get so confusing halfway through the booklet.  But I think it's important to read them, especially if you have to return it later.
 "The Prestige"
 I did watch and enjoy the movie, The Prestige. Christian Bale made a deal with his brother, and Hugh Jackman made a deal with himself. But they both went through with their deals, unlike Shark Tank. I loved the mix of science and mysticism, not unlike many of the early 20th century magicians.
 I can watch, but I get bored by the predictability of many modern horror movies. I prefer classic horror films, like Bambi, which Steven King claims to be the first horror film he remembers watching.
 That IS interesting, or should I say, that WAS interesting, or maybe that WILL BE interesting. In any event, it has been said that watching a horror movie can burn up more than 180 calories. And a bad horror movie can help you lose your lunch.
 AND politicians are the densest matter on earth, sworn to turn politics in a horror production. And in 2010, the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials, in preparation for ET's next phone call. It all comes together...
 lol, now that is a genius observation! I think you'd be a great writer for SNL's "weekend update" which is the longest running television show.
 I'll only accept a position on SNL if you promise to be my co-writer!  Like the earth is slowly losing it's helium, all my hot air would escape without your gravitas.
 You're extremely witty! Haha, now that second line sounds like something I would hear from Sheldon from the Big Bang Theory.
 We shared a slide rule and pocket protector once upon a time. But what is time? If earth's history was condensed to one day, humans would represent only a little over a single minute, but a good joke will last forever!
 Lol, you could fit all the planets in between earth and the moon and still have room left to spare.
 The space between the planets is inhabited by radio waves carrying reruns of the 750 episodes of that immortal series, "Pokemon." 
 Nice, and only one of those episodes failed to include any appearance or mention of Bart.  And the rest, is as they say, history. Chow my friend.
 Right! I love animals more than humans haha....animals have a dominant paw just like humans have a dominant hand! I didn't know that.
 Yeah, I use it a lot. I heard the co founder of Reddit has a cat named Karma, awe!
 Crazy! People don't like to vote for anything lol. I read a lot of great stuff on Reddit about Football, and animals, pretty much anything!
 True! I was reading on Reddit that 14 of the 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams! That's nuts! 
 Yeah I wonder what the salary is for that job.  Anyways, it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Yes that is kind of neat, I read about football too, the US version.  There are so many sports called football one can get confused.
 Sorry hit the enter key on accident.  I actually dont know that but they painted their visitors locker room pink.  Haha!
 Yes I guess not enough tackling or hitting, I don't know.  Thanks for the chat!
 I know that the day used to be only 5.5 hours, glad that is over. Nice chat today
 a stuffed teddy bear
 Nor, would most men. He loved his daughter.
 Love them,  marine animals are my favorites.
  Did you know Germany was the first country to give animals constitutional rights, now thats crazy! We will be soon giving mythicalcreatures rights also.
 I do. Their crew is really nice. They sent flowers to the south park guys after airing the family guy episode
 hello,  do you like animals?  
 I also have a dog!  Yes I love animals,  did you know that the loch ness monster is a protected species?
 Sounds about right!  At least it isn't all negative.  There is a subredit that actually summarizes the nicest things done on Reddit.
 I agree, but it's always nice when there is something heartwarming.  Like there is a dad who still takes a stuffed turtle to work that his daughter gave him.
 I guess she was two and they thought it was a whale, but it 's still a great story.
 It's a little easier now because we are just down to four teams and both are the top seeds.  New Orleans and the LA Rams for the NFC; Kansas City and New England in the AFC.  Winner plays in the Super Bowl!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to start chatting with You ! ;)
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 I don't watch network TV anymore. I cut the cable. I don't even stream wifi. I just use my phone at the library to download shows off Prime and then watch them at home. So I have no cable, dish, or wifi bill. Do you watch the Simpsons? Homer has had 188 jobs since it started.
 Actually I read "The Stand" in college and that is still my favorite to this day. I can't believe he got over 60 rejection notices before his first short story was published. Did you know before becoming a writer he was a high school English teacher?
 No I never knew that... I'm sure he was good at it. it... it.. I live "IT" as well ;)
 Wow, you like the stuff I do. My first horror movie was "Carrie." It was rated R but I snuck in cause I was under 18. The last scene where the hand sticks out made me jump out of my seat and scream. That is my favorite film adaptation of his. He wrote so many books that he created the pen name Bachmann because he didn't want them to know he also wrote those.
 I can't remember the name of the one he was on. But that is the favorite version of Star Trek of the new ones they made. I grew up watching the original. "Dammit Kirk, I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer" is one of my favorite lines as well as "Beam me up Scotty."
 You too. Have a great day!
 bye bye :)
 Hi, how are you, this afternoon?
 Well, it's been nice chatting with you, friend MAGA 2020 JK.  Lol Have a good evening!
 He really does! I think they just put a new movie on Netflix, it was pretty good. He apparently played in a band at one point.
 That he was terrified of it as a child? Bambi was a little traumatizing! Lol.
 The classic story of his father going out for cigarettes and never coming back. Pretty sad. 
 That's true. I'm sure all the events in his life lead him up to being as creative and successful as he is! 
 His books are all connected in some way. I think that's really cool!
 Ronald Mcdonald would be pretty scary if you met him alone in a dark room!
 Yes! I watched the old one as a child and loved the new one as well! It was really done great, and Skarsgard did a good job as Pennywise! Have you seen it?
 For sure! What's your favorite Stephen King movie?
 Yeah, I think that's one of my favorites too! I can't wait until they come out with part two of it!
 I didn't know that until now! He went by Richard Bachman. I wonder why?
 It was good chatting with you too!
 What amazes me is how some people are able to overcome almost insurmountable odds to compete.  I recently found out that in 1904 Olympics, an American gymnast won six medals (3 golds) with a wooden leg!
 Athletics is fundamental to society. Everyone should get involved. Well, I enjoyed chatting.
 I don't have that much to pay to go! Tv For me!
 im way out there too. 45 mins from the nearest town. its great, well have a good holiday thanks for the conversation
 Hi, do you read Stephen King books?
 It does feel like that... Nice chatting with you!
 Yes it is. It feels like I spend that amount every day and do not save that amount. Im on the wrong side of the ledger!
 HA! Speaking of YouTube, that is what I use when I am trying to fix house repairs. They are not fun.
 I use spotify for that. I like the idea of music on there but I have not sued it for that. Is it easy?
 I used pandora but switched to spotify when they gave me a free 3 months of premium. They got me...
 Wow, a lot of people are cutting the cord.  I like sports too much to cancel my cable.  At least we have so many choices, unlike it ancient Rome where they bred chickens for entertainment.
 That is a bummer.  I recently went to the mall the other day and there was a kiosk selling old Nintendo systems and games.  I almost bought one. 
 A lot of them. He was a lifeguard for the Skokie Park District. Failed a lot...
 I absolutely love star wars! What about you?
 I do as well! It is a world wide pop culture phenomenon
 Oh wow that's so cool. Yeah it would take some getting used to. I love the drive thru though! Glad Mcdonalds had that vision back in 1975!
 When we get self driving cars we could do everything in the car, eat, drink, sleep and work.
 Surprising that they do. I want to try to separate them with their pages overlapped lol. It was great conversing with you. Have a good day now.
 Yes, I am I am excited about the new Star Wars area at Hollywood Studios!
 That will be neat to see!  The movies have made an incredible $8.5 billion dollars at the box office!  I still remember seeing the original movie at the theater when I was a kid.
 I did not know that!  I know I had a lot of the toys growing up.  I think I had almost action figure and the associated toys that went with them for the first movie and the Empire Strikes Back.  
 I wish I did still have them.  I played with them heavy so they weren't in good shape anyhow.  In 2018 the entire franchise was valued to be at $65 billion dollars!
 I'm not sure but I would be curious to know.  James Earl Jones spent only 2.5 hours recording all of Darth Vader's lines for the first movie and was paid $7,500.  He must have nailed all his lines pretty quick.
 Especially back then.  I think now some of these people can teach themselves how to shoot a movie.  I've seen some youtube creators make videos that look just as good as the big movie studios.  In 2013 I see Star Wars was dubbed in Navajo making it the first major film to be dubbed in a native American language.  That's interesting.
 I didn't know that.  I wonder why?  Do you know how the back of a car became to be known as a trunk?
 Nice!  You get a high five!  I would like see one of the cars they have in South Africa that are equipped with flame throwers to prevent carjackings.  Yikes!
 I had a good time.  Have a good night!
 I am great, and you?
 I am a fan of Star Wars, cars and telephones! 
 I hope so, he only made over 7,000 bucks! 
 Haha, ya a lot of money but the Star wars movie is the 2nd highest grossing film series! Of all time! 
 I do have a car, I am a big fan lol. Cars used to have wooden trunks on the back...interesting...
 Haha, Are you a big fan of the telephone? I still have a landline as well as a smartphone.
 Exactly, cell phones can get lost or broken. I don't have any phone books anymore though lol
 Well, having a landline....if my cell phone breaks I need a phone book to look up a number, no internet on a landline lol, I like to bypass the telephone too but not always possible.
 Thanks! I am going to go watch Star Wars now lol....nice chat!
 Hahahaa, you are funny! I have to jump into my car and go get a copy...or use my phone to watch it online :)
 bye!
 They're so smart! They pass the mirror test and remember their dead when they pass them following their old trails.
 The nintendo entertainment system could display only 54 colors
 He looks like him though! 
 I have seen it. I am glad it wasn't Stella the dog.
 They are very smart, dogs in moscow have learned to use the subway.
 The military dogs were I work are awesome.. Did you know they can learn over a thousand words.
 I really enjoyed chatting with you tonight! Have a great night, and enjoy wearing costumes! You could dress up as Trump!
 haha we shall see! Great talking to you and make sure to pet a dog they are man's best friend!
 Hello
 Im doing great today. Are you an avid reader?
 Yeah thats about the same with me. I mainly just read my son a bedtime story every night. Lol.
 That's fantastic - my kids read way more than I do these days, and I'm OK with it!  It's awesome to see kids get lost in a good book
 My son is only two, but he loves to read at night before bed.
 That nuts. I heard that the record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute. Thats pretty fast if you ask me.
 I have enough trouble with reading comprehension while reading at a regular pace. I dont know how they do it.
 Ye. Thats me as well. So what other forms of entertainment do you like.
 Yeah me to. Were you aware that the nintendo could only display 54 colors.
 So true. When I was a kid, we had 3 channels on the tv and I was probably 10 before we got a nintendo. My two year old already has a phone and a tablet.
 I dont miss the days of that old tv antenna. Remember when you were watching something you liked and the President had a press conference and it was on every channel.
 Lol. Well its been a good chat. Im gonna have to get some stuff done though. Have a good one.
 Hi, how are you?
 That's a company that I could work for! AOL was probably a cat company.
 That's weird. Istanbul has a vending machine for dogs! That's so kind.
 That's gotta infuriate Trump. He doesn't seem like the type to tolerate that...
 Yup! Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. I find Chrissy to be funny so I knew she would have a good response. She has really gotten popular!
 She is an SI swim suit model but I know her from the Dan Patrick show where she used to be one 1 time a year. She was really funny.
 I wonder what pizza roll emojis would do? A smaller, more convenient secret society that will burn the roof of your mouth with inferno hot filling?
 Lou Malnati's is a famous pizza place in chicago. It's so good! Hilary is standing up for her?
 HAHAHA. That's funny... Have a great day!
 That's an interesting perk.  I was thinking again of the aforementioned crime drama.  It has appearances by Bruce Dern.   I do like him. 
 haha ya imagine if people were scared that so many were reading nowadays, I would just laugh haha
 ya the creators name was Louis Braille and so ya it was named after him
 Hey! Do you play Nintendo at all? Hard to believe they just discontinued the original NES in Japan in 2003. I still remember getting mine in 1985!
 I've actually seen that documentary! They find the ET games, believe it or not. It wasn't an urban legend after all. 
 The original NES could only display 54 colors. Didn't stop me from playing the heck out of some Zelda though. 
 Nice! That's hilarious. Wonder how much a ten year employee makes at Blizzard? Hugh Laurie from the TV show house made $700k and episode!
 I bet he was a great teacher. Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama. Haha. Smart kid. 
 That's cool. Jim Carrey only makes movies or shows that project positivity now, because of his belief system. Wonder how his artwork plays into that? 
 Yeah, agreed. Here's an interesting tidbit -- CS Lewis and JRR Tolkien had "You Laugh, You Lose" contests when reading bad poetry. That would have been awesome to hear!
 I admit, as a writer I read aloud A LOT. Speaking of reading, the world record for speed reading is 4700 word per minute. Say what now?!
 In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the rise of novels. Oh, the horror!
 Starship Troopers is the only novel on three military branch reading lists. Wonder if they have to watch the movie too? Hope not. 
 Haha. No idea. Maybe it has something to do with battling fascists? I know the story is an allegory about fascism. 
 I am an absolute dog lover, because not only are they adorable, but they have so many supportive uses. Did you know that dogs often aid disabled people as service dogs or provide therapeutic support as emotional support animals?
 They are so diverse, too! They can be so big and intimidating as guard dogs or police K9's, medium sized for hunting or seeing eye dogs, or very small and serve as good emotional support animals. You're right about the love and affection, dogs are one of the only beings that just give unconditional love and support if you treat them decently.
 That's a very good point. Otherwise what happens when a dog needs surgery? Also did you know that Google explicitly states they are a "dog company" and prefer dogs to cats? I now like Google a little better!
 Yeah, cats can be very mischievous. I recently had a cat that tore up my furniture. I guess dogs do that too, but they at least appear to feel guilty after! What are your views on dogs in clothing? Some people think it's cruel to put clothes/costumes on dogs, others think it's cute and can help warm them up. What do you think?
 I wonder what would happen if we reinstituted the old system of elections from before 1805. Cliton and Trump in the White House together? It would be like a sitcom!
 President Clump? That doesn't sound too powerful. But then again, neither does President Banana. And I guess you don't need to seem intimidating/powerful as president necessarily, I mean the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums, all while he was in office! Can you imagine Trump or Clinton releasing albums? What would their pop duo name be? Clump?
 That guest house is huge though, bigger than the White House itself! Have you seen the Youtube channel "Epic Rap Battles of History"? They have a Trump vs. Clinton episode, it's super hilarious!
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 You too!
 4 days? wow, they did a great job protecting the president lol, how can that be, arent they supposed to be the best of the best
 At least the white house has solar panels.
 That is pretty funny. They should just make a song that is constantly saying the word"Big Mac"LOL
 Yes, it's time for a change. Centuries ago they predicted that these shenanigans would come to pass. Anyway, I enjoyed the chat!
 Yeah, 5 presidents have been elected even while still losing the popular vote! Have a good one!
 I'm like you.  I kind of like Eminem though.  In 2001 a Michigan judge delivered her verdict to him in the form of rap.  I thought that was funny.
 That's pretty neat.  Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle rap called "compliment battle".  That sounds funny. lol
 I like that concept.  Before he became a rapper Eminem wanted to be a comic book writer.  Interesting.
 That's funny stuff! LOL  Switching topics...do you many facts about the president?
 I believe it. Before he was president the top 3 wealthiest were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Hahhaha  You're not lying either!  I would say let Banana but that's already been taken by the first president of Zimbabwe. lol
 The US presidents guest house is larger than the White House.  I don't think Trump has anything to do with that though.
 I'm not sure.  Maybe to treat visitors top notch.  I watched a documentary on Obama and I was surprised to find out that everything that goes on in the White House the president has to pay for himself right down to the food they eat.  I always thought that stuff was paid for by tax dollars.  I was wrong.  Up until 1805 the US runner up in the presidential elections would automatically become vice president.  That wouldn't work now.
 I don't know who would win.  ..and HAHAHAHAHA  I know Kanye can be out there doing odd things...he once did an SNL skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows.
 It's been fun!  Have a good one!
 I'm with you there.  I liked the older rap music from around the late 80s and early 90s...like Young MC, etc.  Did you know that before Eminem became a rapper he wanted to become a comic book artist?
 I didn't know that!  Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called "compliment battle".  I bet that's kind of funny to watch.
 That would be neat to see!  In 2001, a Michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against Eminem.  lol
 whoa!  I would like to hear that. I wonder if that guy is on youtube?
 I did!  I remember seeing it on tv when he visited there.
 Haha!  I liked how he once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert.  That was pretty cool.
 You have a point there!  Sometimes I think he does some of those wacky things just for publicity.
 Right!  lol  Out of the top 10 most succesful songs of all time, only Kanye West's "Gold Digger" in in a minor key.  Interesting!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 lol  Have a good one!
 Hi, how are you?
 Nice chatting with you.
 bahahhahahhahahahah I think it is funny that until 1805 the loser of the election became vice president.  I would have loved to see Trump/Hillary combo
 Maybe president Trump could go meet President Banana of Zimbabwe!
 I do listen to rap on occasion. How about you, do you like rap?
 Yeah!!! Me too, I use to listen to LL Cool J and Busta Rhymes.
 Ha Ha!!! I think one of the best rappers out there is Kanye West.
 Thanks. It was very nice chatting with you as well!! Have a nice night!!
 Interesting that kanye west's gold digger song is in a minor key more sad mood
 No, not particularly, but seems like Kanye West and others have some talent to draw many to them
 Interesting that Rapper big Sean had a gpa of 3.7.  The rappers can be very intelligent but may not be given credit.
 Yes, that is cool.  Rappers like Kanye West should be given some more credit.
 Yes that would have been hilarious!
 Hi!  Are you a fan of Kanye West?
 Wow that is a lot of styles! He does really have a talent. I mean who doesn't know Gold digger? I love that it is in a minor key. It really makes it stand out. 
 That's true, he's remembered for Rap like Elvis is remembered for Rock and Roll.  One rapper that I've listened to a little over the years is Eminem.  Before he was a rapper he wanted to be a comic book artist!
 That would be hilarious!  I hope he got a kick out of it, I know I would!!
 Same here have a good one
 I really love Mahomes and am curious to see how he does in the NFL. He's a beast. 
 Who are you hoping wins the superbowl this year?
 I really want to see the Saints go. What about you? 
 Thats actually a very intelligent tactic for him to come up with he changed history and the way plays are made with that idea.
 I love them I love tropic thunder and superbad and pineapple express.
 Demitri martin is the best the comedian bert kreischer talks about him on his podcast on youtube and he said he was very generous and he would take lesser known comics on tour with him to give them a chance at performing in front of huge crowds
 That's pretty cool. I also love Bill Murray. 
 I love both of those movies. They are so funny. 
 They're classics a lesser known movie of his is Where the buffalo roam, where he plays the crazy journalist hunter s thompson
 It was great talking with you!
 I agree. I like comedy better than drama. And Jim Carrey will only make happy movies now. His belief system prevents him from playing in movies that do not project positivity.
 Thank you for chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun information today.
 True. It was really nice chatting with you today
 I meant to say horses are ok.  Hit the enter key by mistake.  No, I have never ridden a horse.  I like the idea that horses have speeds.
 Lipizzaner horses are known for their classical dressage performances. Interestingly enough, they are born with dark fur and take six years to turn completely white.
 I think I'd like a horse so I could ride them like Clint Eatwood does in many of his movies.
 Do you think Clint Eastwood ever tickled his horse?  How about his orangutan from every which way but loose?  Sharks, horses and orangutans are ticklish.
 Right, like differences from vintage, place of origin, grape variety.
 Yeah, if I picked wine it would have to be for the taste.
 I can relate to the author's viewpoint when talking about whiskey or vodka. I love my whiskey an vodka thats for sure!
 I would also agree with him that the experience with liquor or beer it is definitely a consistent experience which is what can be so cozy about it.
 I don't like sticking with just one brand. I like to experience different brands and varieties
 I have wild ones that live nearby my property; they are so beautiful
 I had never much thought about owning horses myself but learning that horses are ticklish makes me wish I had one to test that out on!
 Happy Holidays!
 98% graduation rate sounds great, and they have some successful alums like Dave Chappelle.
 MAybe that's what China is doing to us, LOL. China doesn't have Netflix.
 Same here
 Yeah, Dave Chappelle graduated from there. The school has a 98% graduation rate, with college acceptance at NYU, Yale, and Julliard. So, they must be doing something right!
 Yep I agree! It sounds like a lot of famous people actually graduated from there and one of them was a Grammy award-winning musician
 I haven't! It's probably good, as is most of their shows/movies. I personally really like their documentaries.
 Same here
 Yeah,  but I didnt know England even had the 1970s... I guess that is why it was canceled after only 10 episodes.
 I don't recall ever seeing the Queen wearing bell bottoms... My hat's off to them for trying! Like the nod given by the crew of the Simpsons to the South Park crew for airing a Family Guy finale episode! Gotta respect that!
 Yeah I was like, all "where is Bart? Was he erased or replaced on the program?" Media is fickle that way. Like for "Thomas the Tank Engine", it was narrated by Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin, each with at least 52 turns.
 Yeah, but there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon" to keep us busy!
 He is quite the character. He has built it to the point where 33% of all bandwidth in NOrth America is dedicated to Netflix between the hours of 9pm to midnight!  That's crazy!
 Yeah! It was a steal at $50 million back then, and now it's worth over 2 billion!
 Good. I was worried about late fees on a VHS I still have. LOL
 Now Netflix and YouTube together account for half of peak internet traffic in North America. I wonder if the rest is Amazon Prime video??
 Google is probably suspicious of Netflix, since Netflix spends 20-times more on postage than on bandwidth. Google is jealous!
 Nice. Answer me this: if a single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send 12 astronauts to the moon, why does all the Youtube footage of the moon landing look fake?  The footage on NEtflix looks real!
 Ah, she's a jealous thing she is. She once chose to forego use of human lawnmowers and chose to use goats instead to mow the headquarters property. Google is a vindictive woman.
 The good thing about netflix is you don't have to worry about late fees
 I love the products they put out in the form of hardware and online digital tools. 
 Google search has changed the world. Maybe it'll be important for faking the Mars landing! :)
 yeah they could probably just CGI the whole thing and no one would ever know lol
 or YouTube.  They could get a ton of ad revenue from that
 I think you solved it lol.  then it could take them to soccer practice
 Yeah, I'm usually not one to say the US government is doing an effective job at most anything, but in this case, they've managed to stigmatize smoking to an incredible degree. Then again, the risks of smoking kind of speak for themselves.
 To be quirky , I suppose. All in all, I hope that the anti smoking campaign succeeds
 I agree. Thanks for your help.
 Anything for a little more! I had no idea about this..Fred rogers is credited with the continued funding of pbs after he presented a passionate argument in front of the us senate in may, 1969. this allowed healthy child development shows like 'mr. rogers neighborhood' to be fully funded, along with the rest of pbs programming.
 I saw that footage! The guy was amazing in front of the Senate. He was so credible. He could never survive in politics, though. Too honest.
 Probably not very helpful for the job. A law degree would be useful. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Yes it is.  I have a lot of respect for the Norwegian Government.  They donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon Rainforest. 
 That is amazing. What a great cause. I have a very ironic government fact. The Chinese government has censored the word censorship. 
  I am as well.  This is hilarious.  Google once used hundreds of live goats instead of hiring people to mow the lawns around their headquarters.  
 It would be a character-building experience for sure!  President Harry Truman was selected as a VP candidate for Roosevelt because Harry had help to find so much corruption and waste that he saved the US gov $10-20 billion.   I would say that corruption and waste have kept up with inflation.
 Hear, hear!  The only President to have a PhD was Woodrow Wilson. 
 Speaking of clothing, did you know that the Greeks used to make clothing out of asbestos? 
 Is was considered extremely valuable, so, I guess, it was probably everyday wear.  Do you know any clothing-related trivia?
 Nice. They should have made a scratch-n-sniff line of clothing that smelled like apples.  Quality control would have been fun. Not like the QC folks at Miguel Cabarello's bulletproof clothing manuf co, where they get to be shot to test the clothing.
 Right?  I guess he rotates the manufacturers through testing so that they all get shot at. This ensures that the workers remain serious about making efective clothing. Seems a bit extreme to me! Nice chatting!
 Thats what it says here. These voluntary efforts are failing to curtail the spread of disinformation, and sooner or later the tech industry will have to face the same FCC restrictions on content and advertising as traditional media - which would undoubtedly help to reduce the spread of erroneous reporting. Second, the messenger matters.
 Is that true? Can I trust you on that? :)
 Well, I need to go now. It's been great chatting!
 Bye
 Haha that is hilarious. You must agree with those people who sued them for such a lousy concert than!
 Haha she's bad. Although she has done some good like that charity concert where she raised 13 million dollars for the victims.
 Very nice of her, great gesture. She began her career in Broadway and it has certainly taken off since then. Well it sure was lovely chatting with you.
 I'm a big fan during the season.  Did you know that the University of Iowa painted the locker room of the visiting football team pink?  Kind of interesting...
 Yes, it is, kind of an emasculating thing to do.  Make the other team feel all weak and girly! Lol
 lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top fooball stars back then.  Bet that's different now.
 I played with a bunch of friends years ago but not recently.  Do you know what the highest score ever was in a football game?  It in 1916...and was a college game...
 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
 LOL  You're right.  Here's an interesting stat line: Benjarvus Green-Ellis who was a RB for the Patriots never fumbled the ball during his NFL career.
 He must have dropped out of school and went back because I'm reading about him and it says that he graduated high school in 2012 at the age of 25.
 Yes.  It looks like he reeased his debut studio album in 2010.  So, yep he hit the big time before finishing school.  
 That's good for him!
 Yes indeed.  It's been fun chatting with you!  Have a good day!
 You can get the results from the preliminary spelling bees.  You have to qualify for the nationals by winning at a state or regional level.  Or, call up the kid's English teacher and sweet talk, or even bribe, him/her into giving you some information.  Like a report card?  That would be a real scandal !
 Yes, and the mix of dad as her preacher and her dad in the community and what and who she grew up around sounded like an amazing surreal childhood.
 That makes two of us,but who really could imagine her life. Ironic and beautiful too she was carried in the same 1040 Cadillac that carried Rosa Parks, Daid Ruffin and Rev. CL Franklin. History and current all intertwined.
 I wonder if that is on video.  I just saw a video the other day of Ariana dressed as Anne.  She began her career in 2008 in the Broadway musical.  
 Wasn't that Anthem called "Dangerous Woman."  I am sure she approved the lyrics in the end.  
 Aren't they the band that tours like all the time.  They've been touring for about 20 years, right?
 That is hard work over the years.   Another band who worked really hard in 2001 was Linkin Park.  They played 324 concerts in only one year.  
 I enjoy fantasy football, particularly in week 8.
 The point of Fantasy football is change, as you can always switch out players for a bye-week or injury replacement.
 Regardless of how you look at it--Pro, College, or fantasy--Cumberland took a real beating that day! 
 Nice. Perhaps that would have sparked psycodelic dreams of fantasy. You know a single fold in the brain is responcible for one's ability to perceive the difference between fantasy and reality. 
 I wonder how that would appear in things like the fantasy draft of the national spelling bee.
 Spelling bee...Yellow and black I guess. That was a klittle comedic fantasy for you, although I don't think I will be knighted for my "service to literature" over that remark. Although, such a reward was granted to writer, Terry Pratchett.
 Good question.  If he did, I would select him for my celebrity writer's fantasy draft pick, or perhaps my fantasy congress draft if Terry ever becomes amember of congress.
 Of course, unless he hides out at Drake University again, like he did in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to come.
 That would be funny, particularly if he had eminem with him.
 Nice. If they were televised together, they would earn an Emmy award for innovation, like ESPN did for creation of the superimposed yellow line on televised  football fields.
 I wonder if ESPN has more viewers than people who purchased Drake's quadruple platinum "Views" in 2016.
 Not likely. Quadruple  platinum...probably where he earned all that money he used to buy first additions of those classic books, Charlotte's Web and Winnie the Pooh.
 Thanks for the chat.    I'm off to try making a mixtape like Drake in 2015.
 All those who spoke, did well to speak of her impact on the country in her music and personal strength.
 Aretha will always be known as the Queen of Soul 
 I'm not sure I am too familiar with Soul music.
 I went to her Manchester Bombing fundraising concert.
 She kept it an uplifting concert and it was a really good time. 
 Hi, how are you?
 That's cool.  I listen to my radio on my commute and from work every day.
 It's legal there to prevent car jacking.  I'd probably use it for road rage incidents or if I saw you using your phone.  I'd zap you a couple of times! Light you up.
 Cool.  It's been nice chatting with you today.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 No kidding!  I am Aide to one of the prominent Republican Senators, who stepped out of the CHamber yesterday and gave me instructions to keep him informed...TO let him know if anything "good" happens.  Nothing good ever happens here! Oh, these Senators can prattle on for hours at a time without saying anything...
 I hear you, friend! Go look in the candy desk and eat you some chocolate, you'll be ok.
 Senator Feinstein ate all the Pennsylvania-derived candy bars. All that are left are jelly beans that taste like Mexican food.  
 I sent the Sergeant-at-arms out to snag some Doritos for me...The SAR had to make a run out anyway. The Democrars all run out and pretend they are running for President.  
 Scum always rises to the top. It could be any of them.  Did you know that back in the day, women weren't allowed to wear pants? 
 I agree. I just like floor-length tweed skirts. Something in a blue-grey blend.  I overheard on the the Dems whispering about trying to get Michael Jordan to run for President. Silly notion. I was there when Mr. Jordan said, Republicans buy shoes too!"
 I almost died once by way of a fast-moving hard object. Does that count?  I was there the day Nixon cracked the old gavel. I still have a lingering sliver-related injury from that day...
 Age is irrelevant. Ask Trump.  I am old enough to remember Harry Truman's visit to Disneyland. I was the one shooing away photographers when Harry was on the Dumbo ride.  
 Oh, I've seen it all. People ask me, why didn't Hillary win? I remind them that every us president with a beard has been republican. 
 Lol, waitress I'll have what he's drinking!
 I have a meeting later with the President's emissary to the pygmies.  Apparently there is some uproar over inappropriate use of Fruit. It all started with President Banana of Zimbabwe. Blessed are the peacemakers...
 I may go on staff for the Libertarian candidate.    They get to wear sandals!  I hear they use one of the singles off of the third album from Pres of Indonesia as a campaign theme song.
 Well, friend it's been fun chatting with you, this evening.  I'm sure your creative writing teachers really loved you over the years.  Your sense of humor is much appreciated while working.  MAGA 2020!  Have a good night.
 Thank you for listening to me vent. I have to go too. The SAR has my Doritos... MAGA 2020
 Peace out!
 Maybe the democrats need to find a TV personality?  Any suggestions?  A pop star like the Indonesian one?
 If I were president I's go to all the fun places, maybe arrange summits in the best resorts.
 No. I was just looking for clarification. I didn't know this about the women. That is a very interesting fact. Thanks
 Do you follow US politics?
 I saw that!  Not looking good.  There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853.  I think we might see a different party within the next 20 years.
 Isn't that interesting.  Wonder how Trump and Hillary would have gotten along?  lol
 Yes...the senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Richard Nixon cracked it!
 That seems like the dumbest rule I've ever heard.  Michael Jordan once was asked why he wouldn't endorse black democratic candidate Harvey Gantt in a North Carolina senate race and Jordan responded "republicans buy shoes too"  lol
 I haven't but I remember we had one in elementary school.
 Nice!  That's pretty neat they still do that!   Consistent use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000.  I remember them using the colors before that though.
 I agree.  The Southern states became more Republican and vice versa for the North.
 I didn't know that either!  Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? lol  It's been fun chatting!
 You have a good day too!  Thanks again!
 I did not know that. Could you imagine if one of our Presidents did that? Maybe a Clinton, Bush, Obama mixtape could be in order!
 LOL that would be hilarious! 
 I think they need to start working together a little more to get some items accomplished. 
 It was nice talking with you!
 Isn't that crazy! A lot of women still dont wear pants. And they have a candy desk in the senate. I'm like what?
 You are right, Every thing has flipped politically. I wonder about some of the things they support. Republicans are very conservative. Just like the Mormons. 
 I think so. Did you know that every president that has had a beard is republican? How fun!
 I doubt he made money by making pop records like the Indonesian president.
 I guess that is why we only hear from those two parties. nice chat
 I wouldn't surprise me if there were. Well, I really had fun chatting with you!
 Bye!
 I've heard that. It's crazy to think that there hasn't been a president who wasn't democrat or republican since 1853. Maybe time for more than two parties?
 I'd say I'm wholly tired of one party, tired of a few people in another. : ) Consistent use of red and blue to identify the parties was not used until 2000. I swear I remember this when I was a kid, but guess not. 
 Yeah, agreed. Harry Truman wouldn't ride the Dumbo ride at Disney because he didn't want to be associated with the GOP -- so the elephant donkey has been around much longer. 
 Dumbo is an elephant. Elephant = GOP. Don't think they are actually related Just the symbolism of the elephant. 
 Hmmm. That's a tough one. Probably Obama or Lincoln, neither of which are among the three wealthiest presidents. That would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson. 
 Haha. So true. Speaking of bickering, it used to be that the runner up for president became Vice President. Can you imagine Hillary and Trump in the same White House! 
 Yeah. And maybe nuclear war inside the white house! The president of Indonesia has made 3 pop albums while in office. Glad Trump is not going that route. 
 Haha. Hopefully Kanye has learned to stay away from Trump. The first president of Zimbabwe was named President Banana. Wonder if that was his given name or he chose it when running. 
 Yeah! What does one do to warrant such a nickname, my creativity is generating from the types of nicknames we could give to President Trump, but I'll keep those to myself for now.
 Well, if they had President Banana, we could try to think of a fruit-based nickname for Trump as well.
 You read my mind! I think Alec Baldwin does a great impression of Trump on SNL!
 Yes.  I know the U.S. senate just had  a runoff featuring a black democrat.
 Switching gears a little...here's an interesting tidbit....the us congress has played a republicans vs democrats baseball game annually since 1909.  I never knew that.  Have you heard it?
 I haven't but it does seem plausible. Did you know every president with a beard was republican? Perhaps it is the invasion of the brainwashing beard aliens
 LOL  I never knew that either.  I'm learning a lot this morning.  Republicans dominated politics nationally and in the majority of the norther states from 1860 to 1932.
 Exactly good call!  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 wealthiest presidents? Like that must be adjusted for inflation
 that is crazy, can you imagine if Trump released pop albums while in office, that woudl be insane!
 I didn't know that and I don't see how that is possible, did you know that every president with a beard has been a member of the republican party
 ya that is kind of scary, except I don't think that is stilll true since Trump won
 They have a candy desk full of candies in the senate entrance. A  kid would be happy to have it in school
 funny may be in future who knows what happens
 Yeah, I agree. Have a good one.
 No I didn't know that! That's really weird, do you know the order for all the Star Wars movies? Apparently IMDb does, which is why I think they're useful haha
 Yep you're right. They would be big wooden Trunks, and you would put stuff in them, definitely a fire hazard if you were in South Africa and someone else had a flamethrower LOL
 I am doing great. How about you.
 I didnt know that. Are you a space nut. I dont mean that negatively. 
 Thats understandable I guess. Although I dont know why they would really worry to much about something like that.
 It really does. Continuing  with the radio theme of our conversation. Did you know that radios can be made using a razorblade and a pencil for the diode. I might try to make one.
 Yeah it is. They used to make them in WW2. They called them foxhole radios. I guess anything to get some peace of mind in a time like that.
 That's pretty cool. Hopefully it kept them entertained. 
 Tue dat. On a lighter note there is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free. That would be cool to hear what they listened to back in the day.
 I like cars. I hate working on cars. Not saying I dont work on them, I do, I think thats why I hate it so much.
 I had heard that before. I wonder what people from those days would think about the cars of today.
 Yeah just the amount of cars on the road would probably amaze them. With over 1.25 billion vehicles on the road in 2014.
 Yeah that would sure deter me from stealing a car.
 Definitely. It was good talking to you!
 THat is so smart, and keeps everyone happy
 I agree. Well, good chatting with you. Have a good one.
 Yum, ice cream! Haha. Thanks so much for the great chat! Have a good day! Goodbye.
 Thank you! I will and you too! 
 Hi! Are you a traveler?
 Yes. Nice tune. Why do you ask?
 That is touching!  Speaking of touching, just wanted you to know that UNICEF has a thing going where they will donate a day of clean water to a needy child for every minute a person does NOT use their cell phone. This is a great thing they are doing. It helps the children and encourages less exposure to cell radiation. Win win!
 That's great of UNICEF.  I guess that song by U2 affect the skater's life a great deal and helped her through a breakup.  It later somehow got her donations to attend the Olympic Games in PyeongChang. 
 Nice!  Traveling to the Olympics is a trip of a lifetime! Maybe not as historic as King Kalakaua's trip around the globe, but still, a nice vacation!
 King K was the first King to travel around the world, but that was some time ago... I have an iPhone, and it has more computing power than I have...
 I resemble that remark!  I may have to unfriend you. If I unfriend 10 people on FaceBook, Burger King will give me a free Whopper. I jst hope I don't see any of those former friends at BK...
 Why, do you have a PhD?  I wonder why BK is doing that? It seems antisocial.  Meanwhile the Dutch are being productive with their 160 MPH bus...
 Yes, I have a PhD and I am from NY...and I am lazy... Maybe BK is joining the fight against FaceBook addiction.  I wonder if we can ride that Dutch train with our heads sticking out the window?  Weeee!
 Biochemistry.  I wouldn't mind going to Japan!  Would have to fill my pockets with quarters though...all highways there are toll roads.
 I would mind a Buzz Lightyear jet pack! Your rickshaw must be pulled by quite an athlete!
 Sure, but be aware that Iceland does not have a public rail system, to get ready to fly from city to city... Give me a slow canoe ride through the everglades and I am in heaven!
 I do love to canoe and raft.  Maybe Iceland will legalize rickshaws of llama for the short hops with their new constitution. Mopeds? 
 Just don't make the mopeds in Iceland solar-powered!  I travel the globe by internet cables. I can get anywhere in the world online in seconds. The toughest part is squeezing through those 2.7" cables that traverse the ocean's floor.
 Yeah, I bet that's problematic.  Fiber optic ones are painful and embarrassing.  
 Right? No privacy!  Nice chatting with you my friend!
 Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford seemed really skilled, they won a lot of titles.
 Yeah, figure skating is a kind of dance so yeah!
 Several actually one of them by PyeongChang and I think U2 also.
 I love riding my bike.  It is good exercise and a fun way to commute.  
 Hi there. Telephones are great, but we can talk using our computers too.
 I can barely remember what my space was like. It's funny to think that facebook was so limited at first and now anyone (well if you are 13) can have an account. And it seems like everyone does!
 And now Iceland is using it to get input on writing their constitution. I guess that's a sign of our time that 
 I'm a vegetarian so I wouldn't take Burger King up on their offer of a whopper, but would you be willing to unfriend 10 people to get one?
 I do use it, I am a Facebook user since 2005, right about when MySpace had the chance to buy it for a low price.
 Not because blue is the coolest color of all lol, its because he suffers from colorblindness, I always though it was because of a marketing strategy.
 Wow, I doubt it! 
 Yes, its valued at $104 billion dollars!!
 Interesting, have you been traveling a lot?
 The NBA is the basketball league in North America, it consists of 30 teams.
 The NBA is one of the four major professional sports leagues in US and Canada.
 Granny style shooting is the best techniques to  score point on the line.
 Internet which connect the whole world in single handed. It is used to share the best things.
 The internet carries a vast range of information resources and services, which are used in the development of business purposes.
 We should use it for the purpose it was made for l otherwise we suffer a lot.
 It mainly used for the online business developed without internet it is not possible. We can purchase any product from the different part of the world.
 Constantly using the internet can cause addiction it also affect the brain very much. We should have time limit to use it.
 It is the safe also. Digital money transfer is also allowed. Sometime we have ordered food through internet also.
 yes. Basketball is a team sports which have five members in each team.
 The highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach. It shows their are so many fans for it. Teenager are very eager for it.
 That's crazy. Well, it was nice talking to you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes. Car is introduced in 18th century but it come to human usage in 20th century.
 Super. The car run by internal combustion engine fueled by combustion of fossil fuels which affects the environment very much.
 Some countries using ethanol mix as fuel to reduce the pollution.
 Yes. Audi entered the Indian market, they create usage of some advanced techniques.
 Yes. Internet make the whole world in single hand. Its  the network consists of private, public, academic etc..
 There are number software programs used for various purpose. The online shopping is developed by the usage of Internet.
 You too!  Have a blessed day, friend
 Talk later!
 Yes I did back in high school.
 I wish I had some. It's funny that they were actually banned by the NBA and Nike just kept paying the fine so Michael Jordan could wear them during games
 Do you know what the hamburger menu is when you're using an online website by the way? Apparently it is the button with three horizontal lines on it. The name makes me hungry though LOL, great chat btw!
 I have a few times.
 I like Reggie Miller as well. In 1982 he scored a career high of 40 points!
 Yeah, sucks though that his sister kept out doing him. Allen Iverson, yeah I do. I believe the deal was he gets 800,000 until he reaches 55 years old.
 That is an insane amount of money. Oh yeah, he's known for the dunk, right?
 Yeah he is. He was so good at it that they had to ban it from college basketball for 10 years lol that's pretty awesome
 Haha yeah it is! I'm sure you have used the strategy "granny style" I know I have. Apparently it's the best technique, but players refuse to use it because it looks stupid. 
 Totally and That is pretty cool! I wonder if anyone has played basketball in the us supreme court?
 I have no idea, it's kind of silly. 
 Absolutely, there are more well deserving people out there. 
 I believe it's the three lines on apps and websites.
 Same here! haha I could even have 3g service at the peak of mt. everest!
 Haha that doesn't sound too bad actually, I'm also happy to know that the internet is being backed up all the time too. Just in case of an outage. They're doing this in the Library of Alexandria
 But thankfully he still got to play after so he got his education and a career in the NBA. 
 Well it's a button that looks like three horizontal lines, normally it is used for menus, I think Reddit uses it actually
 I bet Allen Iverson can buy a lot of pairs with the deal he has from Reebook, really sweet deal. 
 You too!  Have a great evening,
 Yes, whoever gets to the patent office first. LOL
 Yes, I agree.  Nice to see it getting recognition too like Tupac's music being in the Library of Congress.
 I can definitely see that.  New styles are coming out all the time. Korean rappers invented a type of freestyle recently called "Compliment battle."  Haha!
 I need to check that out, he is hilarious.  Thank God for the internet!  I can look that up quickly!
 Haha, I might be addicted then!  It is a relief for me and my addiction that the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it burns down! 
 It has been a pleasure talking to you too.  Enjoy some rap music and the internet!!
 Hi, how are you?
 I am not sure I would want an elephant... Seems like a lot of work! Obama got croc insurance... Good to hear he's going to be covered.
 I heard today that the flooding in Australia is forcing snakes and croc into trees! Imagine seeing a croc in a tree!!! I'd wet myself... What is George W Bush going to do with a dead lion and leopard?
 Maybe if he autographed it. Kennedy's daughter Caroline go a mother-child doll from the first lady of Peru, that was really thoughtful gift
 It's better than the Bermuda fish JFK got. I mean a fish statue???? That's the best you could do?
 Right? At least think about the gifts being given. Although they probably have a person for buying gifts for presidents. 
 Hopefully the president and first lady weren't home... If you wrote about it in Norway, the government would buy 1000 copies! Seems like a good scam for wanna be writers...
 I would buy one too so 1,001! Nice chatting with you!
 Hi, how are you? Do you have crocodile insurance?
 I am not sure but the President got some... Bush Jr got a stuffed lion and leopard... What does one do with those items?
 You know that terrible gift you got for christmas as a kid? You had to play it off... How do you play off a baby elephant????
 Yeah. At least you can plant that in the white house lawn and tell a slackie to put a plaque around it...
 "During a 2011 visit to Australia, President Barack Obama received crocodile insurance from the head of the Northern Territory. You know, in case the president got in a terrible accident while visiting the croc hot spot. "I have to admit, when we reformed health care in America, crocodile insurance is one thing we left out," Obama said with a chuckle. " I mean... what if he actually had to use it. How much would it be for?
 The first lady of Peru gave this mother-and-child doll to Kennedy's daughter, Caroline.
 Yeah, unless she got attacked by a croc! Leaders from Bermuda gave President John F. Kennedy a multicolored statue of a tropical fish
 I hate piling on the guy but that's really funny. Strategy....
 Was it from Iraq? Might explain some stuff... Sultan of Brunei! Technically, all gifts given to the president from foreign nations are dedicated to the people of the United States.
 I would sell the stuff on eBay if I were president. It has to go for a lot, right? There might be an ethical issue there but...
 I agree, how much would a baby elephant go for?
 A trunk load! See what I did there (I am such a nerd...). Have a great day and nice chatting with you.
 I can imagine that was an excited and special gift for  Kennedy's daughter Caroline. 
 good morning to you!
 Hello.  Looks like a great day.
 It was 1936 and the russians were having a vodka shortage.  I suppose a bit is a 1 or a 0.  So the glass is full or empty.
 If a human was uploaded to a computer, could you be programmed to be happy or drunk.  No russian would do it.  There is no vodka in cyber space. 
 They could also be programmed to be a sensor inside a football.  They would have to track velocity, rotation and the number of cheerleaders. 
 Nice!  I remember that game.  I was surprised to see that in 1936 the Russians made a computer that ran on water.
 Glorious Russia will make computers run on Vodka if necessary!
 LOL  I want to know how someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.
 That's interesting!  The space shuttles general purpose computer runs on 1mb of RAM.
 lol  Get cracking and start developing it!  
 On International Day of the Woman it's probably worth noting that the 1st computer algorithm was written by a woman.
 I had no idea!  lol  Transhumanists want to upload their minds.  I would do it!
 Big football fan...both college and the pros.  How about you?
 How interesting is that?  I bet he has some different philosophies on the game.  
 I imagine his plays used things like cosine and cotangent.
 I haven't heard those mentioned since I was in high school hahaha
 That is interesting!  How in the heck did they do that?  I can't believe it's 30 years since the world wide web was created in 1989.  That's the year I graduated high school. lol
 I know right?  It's been fun chatting with you!  Have a good one!
 I know, it is an awful situation to be in. So do you like dogs? I love dogs and many other animals, even Google corp has a preference for dogs over any other animal.
 Yes I like dogs to, I have one sitting just next to me.  They are clever animals, not many understand pointing.
 Yes they are very smart! My last dog was a boxer but he passed so I haven't replaced him yet, too soon. He would watch TV with me lol
 That is a good question! All these studies and reports about how animals are different etc how do they know lol...I guess that is a scientific thing hahaa. Well I hope you have a great evening! I am going to watch some tv and dream about getting another dog! 
 well I do attend them for work sometimes, and yes we call them meetings but I think I'm going to call them summits from now on haha
 well I like google then, and yes I read that info is in their code of conduct, I wouldn't trust them if they were a cat company haha
 Do you know the details of ALS?
 Okay, Do you like this article?
 Yes, it's true. Everybody lives in every way.
 Do you like Football?
 Yes, this is one of the most famous game in the world. I like it. 
 Yes, it's very interesting. 
 No one can predict the exact amount of time a game will be played in because it depends on each play if each play milks the clock or stops the clock. But on average a little above 3 hours. An NFL game typically lasts about 3-3.5 hours depending on the number of stoppages.
 Yes, it's true.
 So sorry I'm not sure about this.
 You know a lot about this.
 Computer is very useful for all of the people. 
 Yes, I think every little girl dreams of having a horse.  I had a pony named Peewee that I loved dearly.  He was the best.
 Yeah, sounds very green and just a good idea all the way around.  I wish more people would try and help the environment!
 No I didn't know that! That's crazy! I wonder why on earth, that's the case! If I was President, I'd just move into the guest house and release a press release saying "You Understand!" :) hehe
 Hey, why not! Presidents have done far weirder or worse things. Haha, for example, although not in the U.S., the president of Zimbabwe was called president banana! Now that's weird!
 Yeah, I figure it's probably a record of how many rolls of toilet paper got used during the Carter administration or something dumb, like that.  Lol  And I didn't know about the twin buildings, that's very interesting, I guess we should be flattered?  Well, it's been fun chatting with you this afternoon.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 I wonder how many people he upset doing that.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 That's interesting! Did you know that there's a white house in Atlanta that is very similar to the white house in D.C.?
 Interesting. I can see why he banned trees, though. It saves the environment!
 Hello - yes, I think they are very cool creatures. What about you?
 yup for sure it is. nice chat
 I do not really.  However this music does span across many eras.  This also refers to the period from 1750-1820.
 Cities are also using classical music in public places to deter crime. It has been shown to really make a difference!
 I believe this study showed that it resulted in 33% fewer robberies, 25 fewer assaults on staff and 37% less vandalism.
 I try to go to a few each year.  I prefer them to be in sports stadiums but outside concerts are nice when the weather is nice.
 That is impressive.  In croatia there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use.
 That might be the same one.  I'm sure that was on purpose but some concerts can be terrible like in 2002 with creed.  It was so bad concert goers files a lawsuit against the band.  Have you been to a bad concert before?
 Well the concert definitely needs to have professional audio equipment or it will be downhill from there.
 She already dropped bombshells by replacing directors but the changes were needed due to allegations of sexual abuse.
 I know. Sounds like it was long overdue. She has also been credited by turning the Los Angeles Philharmonic into a really creative and financial solvent of American orchestras. Sounds like she will be an asset to NY. 
 Her goal to have $5 tickets is a great idea.  It allows people who might not be able to afford tickets a chance to have exposure to new things and music.
 She is definitely driving change that will allow the Philharmonic to seems more worldly and provide a refreshing aspect to their product.
 I'm sure they will bring classical music with the traditions of western culture back in to the mainstream.
 Yeah, the same one, he even released a CD, his not only a great actor but a talented composer as well, its hard to believe it but its true.
 Good question! Anyhow, man, I have had a groovytime chatting with y'all about various things and this and that. Have a great evening, and let the classical music bring peace and prosperity to your neighborhood!
 I love traveling!
 That would be awesome!  I would like to travel to Japan but I'm not sure if I would use their highways because it would cost $300 to travel across the country.  They have a good train system there to get you from city to city for cheaper.
 That's awesome!  I want to go there to see friends from college that are from there.  Haven't seen them in almost 30 years.  I would like to be like the first king to travel around the world - King Kalakaua of Hawaii.  I bet he got to experience a lot of new and different things.
 I hope to in the next few years.  Have you ever been to Mackinac Island in Michigan?
 That area looks neat because they banned motorized vehicles there for over 100 years.  You can skip Lake Erie in Ohio. lol  It's bland here. I live like 15 minutes south of it in NE Ohio.  However, Presque Isle in Erie, PA is beautiful.
 I've never been there.  Lake Michigan is pretty especially the further North you go to where the sand dunes are in Michigan.  Western Lake Erie is pretty too...the islands area is nice.  I should have said to just say away from the shoreline from Cleveland to the PA line.  lol  Do you watch much television?
 lol That's what I do too.  Amazon Prime and Netflix.  Did you ever watch "That 70s Show"?
 I liked it too.  Did you know that they remade it for the UK and called it "Days Like These"?  It only lasted for 10 episodes.
 Yes they do.  lol  Another show that actually aired over there first was "the Office"  You should look it up.  It's funny because it's the same show with the dry humor you mentioned.  Did you ever see Pokemon on tv?
 I only watched it because my kids watched it when they were little.  I can't believe there is over 750 episodes of it!
 I know lol  It's been fun chatting with you!
 WOnder who out it up there. Nice chat
 I used to love it as a kid. I thought I'd play piano or rider horses in the talent contest and win!
 Very good! There's a famous actress from the time and even a gorilla! Those steam pianos were so loud they could be heard for miles. I'm getting one for my car horn.
 Hi do you like to watch television?
 Yes.  Especially during the winter.  Are you a Simpsons fan?
 I didn't see it.  Interesting.  My kids used to watch Pokemon a lot.  Seems like that show never ends.
 Whoa!  That's alot.  Did you ever watch that 70s show?
 Oh wow!  I would like to see that.  I'll have to see if I can find it online.
 Wow.  If they had that here in the states and it could get me there safely, I would travel a lot more!  lol I don't think I would want to live in Iceland though were there's no public rail service and most Icelanders without cars have to travel by air between major towns.  That could get pricey.
 Ouch.  I think I would like to go to Mackinac Island one day.  They banned motorized vehicles there for over 100 years and most people travel by bikes or horse drawn carriages.  Sounds relaxing to me.
 Speaking of the sun, did you know that it is actually white and only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering?
 LOL  yes.  One thing hotter than the sun is a lightening bolt, which is 5 times hotter than the sun!
 I believe it.  It's pretty big and a powerful thing that's for sure.  1 second of sun produces enough engergy to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years!
 Yes we would!  It's been a pleasure chatting with you today!  
 Same here, have a great one
 Haha well there's a lot of standing around right? A lot of commercials and replays too. And all that fits into 3 hours. Make sense to me!
 You as well!
 Yeah same to you, have a good day!
 That was nice. I love to see people or governments helping worthy causes. It was nice chatting with you. Have a nice day. 
 Hi there!  Do you know that the white house has been the residence of every U.S. president since John Adams in 1800.
 I believe so too.  Did you know that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 I'm wondering.  I'm going to look it up.  Teddy Roosevelt was such a staunch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the white house.  
 That's surprising!  You would think they would have upgraded to flash drives by now.  lol  George W. Bush had solar panels put back on the White House.  I wonder who took them off? lol
 I read he put them back on....makes it sounds like they were already there before and taken off.... lol
 I'll have to look that up too!  lol  Did you know that before Trump the 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?  I believe Trump is the richest.
 Yes.  I think he is.  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!  lol
 haha do you think that is his real name or a nickname?
 I'm not sure.  I think it's real!  The U.S. presidents guest house is larger than the White House.  I wonder President Banana ever stayed there? lololo
 Definately! lol  Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?
 Hahahahaha  That would be funny.  I remember that little bit he did on SNL where Trump was dancing around.  lol
 haha i liked that clip. im going to go watch it right now
 I kind of like the tradition. There has been a candy desk in the Senate since 1968.
 That would be interesting to find out. Whoever sits near a busy entrance keeps a drawer full of candy, milky way bars, mars bars, jellybeans.
 At least it changed.  There are more and more women becoming Senators and Congresswomen.  Maybe one day there will be a president, whether from one or other side.
 People would never allow it. I wonder why he banned it? Maybe his conservationist nature. He would have liked the George W. Bush had solar panels put back on the White House.
 The solar panels are funny.  Carter put them, Reagan took them down, Bush put them up, not sure of the current standing of solar on the White House.
 There must be a reason for that, surely they have access to the most advanced technology?  I recall a story that when George W Bush moved into the White House the previous staff removed the W's from the keyboards.
 Hi, how are you?
 I agree. They need to find the technology to make those affordable for all!
 If he did, how do you think they would do, in terms of sales? Good or bad?
 Good question. I think probably successful. A rap album would be funny. Like him saying YUGE to an electronic beat echoing in the background or something.
 Just great! That brought a smile to my face! Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees! 
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hello
 Probably so.  I would think it's Trump now.
 Haha, yes it would.Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 Eh...I had high hopes.  But, he's let me down so far. 
 I agree!  lol  I wonder if he's in that top 3 list now though?
 Hahaha The only president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson.  We've had more actors and reality stars as presidents than doctors. lol
 I've never been there.  Someday I hope to visit.
 Wonder why it's bigger?  Maybe to leave a better impression on the guests?
 I didn't know that.  I know the first phone number of the white house was just "1"
 Probably a ton I would imagine.  President Jimmy Carter used to turn down the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.
 Me too!  Jimmy Carter originally put those on, but Ronald reagan took them off. lol
 It was fun talking about the white house and the presidents!
 I heard about that.  The senator that sits at a desk near the entrance keeps a desk drawer full of candy.  It's currently stocked with candy made in Pennsylvania.  
 HA! Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah it's been really interesting, I hope you have a good day. 
 I do somewhat.  I know that there is 100 US senators.  2 from each state.
 Senator Strom Thurmond holds the record for the longest filibuster by a lone senator.  He stayed on the floor for an incredible 24 hours and 18 minutes non stop!
 Wow.  That's a long run!  It must be in a museum somewhere.  The reason Harry Truman was selected to be vice president was because when he ran the senate "Truman committe", it found so much corruption and waste that he saved the govt 10 to 15 billion dollars!
 I agree.  Did you know that the only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson?  That kind of surprises me.
 Me too.  5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.  Never quite understood why we don't use the popular vote.
 Could you imagine that happening now?  Trump and Hillary?  lol
 It would be chaos. Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and John Wilkes Booth was in that photo.  I never knew that.  Creepy.
 I know!  ..and I didn't know that about the buildings.  I wonder why?  I know the first phone of the White House was simply 1.
 It does!  Who knew?  lol  There is a replica of the White House in Atlanta which was built as a private home!
 I didn't know either!  Did you know you can mail a birth announcement to the White House and they'll send you a congratulations card back?  Wish I would have known that when my kids were born.  Neat.
 Actually a book store on K street.  We did book signings for many political candidates and US Senators.
 lol, I heard that too! Its a good thing Fred Rogers went to the senate to fund the PBS programming. Healthy child development is so important.
 I have watched the video of his testimony, it's very emotional. I'm glad the Senate listened to him and valued what he had to say.
 Yes, nonstop. He must have been exhausted! Very good for Harry Truman saving the government $10-15 billion.
 Yes, I would think a lot of them! Have a great day! Good chat
 You have a great day as well.
 Hmm, have no idea. I guess that the white house is somewhat eco-friendly, though, so that's a step. There are solar panels in the back.
 Lots of neat facts about the Presidents floating around... did you know that up until 1805 the runner up in the election became Vice President?  Can only imagine all the tension THAT would have created...
 Oh, they'd be going at it like cats and dogs!  Might make for some fun interviews though.  LOL.  Speaking of presidents, did you know the President of Indonesia release THREE pop albums while in office?  
 wow that is impressive, I always said Trump and Hillary should release an album to heal the political wounds and then donate the money to chartiy!
 I just can't imagine either of those two singing.  Heck, can't really imagine any president from the past few years singing.  Although I've heard some impersonators do some funny impressions of Bill Clinton singing.. Hehe. 
 Now this is weird, thy say the president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  I'm not sure if that's as in "top banana" or if "banana" means something else over there, but I thought that was interesting...
 I think I looked it up and his actual last name is Banana, so ya theres that.
 Yeah, I heard they staged a protest to get that changed.  I guess it's a good thing, otherwise Hillary's wouldn't be able to wear her favorited pantsuits!  Hehe
 They say the Senate has a tradition of a candy desk. Any Senator sitting near a busy entrance has to keep a drawer full of candy.  That'd be worth being a Senator for, right there!
 that makes me hungry! and apparently all candy is from Pennsylvania! mmmmm chocolate haha
 Car is the motor vehicle used for transportation on roads and make more comfortable travelling.
 In Ohio, it is against the law to warm up your car!
 Cars available for human uses in 20th century, It was invented in 18th century by Karl Benz.
 Do you use telephone ?
 Telephone is a telecommunication device which allows the user to have conversation.
 It is very interesting to hear.
 Interesting, I had never heard of that before. Thanks for the chat!
 You do the same.
 I agree. It's kind of funny that she dated TOm Cruise. I love him! 
 i didn't but i'm not surprised. He too went a little crazy, he spent 10 million to protect himself from aliens!!
 Yeah, i like that it's considered the genre of poetry. it sounds nice. 
 Ah Pokemon is classic. Similarly, Simpsons is another. Did you know homer held 188 jobs in just the first 400 episodes alone, almost a job every two episode.
 that's so good!!
 Did you read yours? I sure didnt read mine lol so I belong to the other 93% I guess
 Yes, a lot of money.  I like Michael Caine.  He got his start taking a drama class because it had a lot of cute girls.  Seems like him.
 good morning to you!
 Good morning to you as well!
 love it, probably my favorite show of all time if im being honest
 i believe it haha. I dont know which one is my favorite though, so many to choose from. When he was in a Barbershop Quartet it was pretty hilarious
 I did not see that one!
 season 5 episode 1, check it out
 I have heard that.     What did we do before the system of interconnected computer networks known as the Internet?
 Perhaps, but the Internet also carries a vast range of useful information resources and services.
 That's definitely crazy. At least if it all goes badly and the Internet is somehow destroyed we have the copy in the library of Alexandria!
 Definitely cool.    I'm going to a website to listen to some classic radio dramas.    Have a good one!
 You have a good one too!
 That is actually amazing, what a team. Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, I will likely watch the 2020 FIFA World Cup, but from home! 
 Thanks you too. And check out the president of Indonesia who recorded three pop albums LOL
 I am.  I watch it when they are playing.  Were you rooting for the current champion France in the last one?
 There are no net economic gains for the host cities for the olympics and the world cup.  That kind of ties in with what you said.  I'm surprised they always pour all this money into building infrastructure for the events that it seems like a giant waste in the end.
 lol  The womens American world cup team hasn't placed below third in the world cup since they started it for women in 1991.  Ironic!
 Yes lol  The Hungary national team was pretty tough between 1950 and 1956....they only had 1 defeat in that span...and it was the world cup final! lol Go figure...that was like the year the New England Patriots were undefeated for the whole season and then lost the super bowl. lol
 Yes.  If it wasn't for the Cavs, that one year the Warriors would be on one heck of a streak.  They still though have one heck of a streak!  LOL
 Eh....I could pass..it doesn't seem like the presidents of the last 30 years have done nothing good for the local economies across the US.
 Yes!  lol  Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?
 Hahaha Yes!  I wonder if president Banana ever stayed at the presidents guest house?  Did you know that it's larger than the white house?
 That sounds probably about right! lol  It's been fun chatting!  Have a good night!
 True. I do watch it occasionally. I love how America has never placed below third in the women's world cup since it started back in the early 90s!
 It's not one of my most favorite sports because I'm a little on the short side so I was never very good at it! How about you?
 It must be since they have to fly between major cities rather than drive. It's funny how different travel is, depending on where you live.!
 I don't know how much ATT makes as a company but their execs may not make as much as basketball coaches at state schools. It's funny because I can still remember the fact that James Naismith invented basketball. It's one of those random facts I learned and never forgot! Couldn't tell you the name of any other people that started a sport!
 Good question! Maybe there are other roof top courts, though it is a good play on words. I wonder if they actually go up there and shoot hoop in their robes! Ha Ha!
 Get out of here! I bet that wouldn't go over well in the US.
 Have here, have a great one :)
 I don't think fully. I heard that they require 40% of the radio music to be of Canadian origin. I can't think of any good Canadian music honestly haha
 I know a talent in music and politics. Good for him. Nice chatting with you :)
 I love pop music is makes me want to dance, How about you?
 Yes it was made by ford in 1908, I think in 1886 the Benz motorwagen was invented. Have you owned lots of cars?
 That is interesting stuff for sure, well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 You also have a good night and cherish your pop music and car radios
 Thanks you too. 
 Hi, how are you?
 Didn't someone get shot at that game a few years back? Truman wouldn't ride the dumbo ride so no one could associate him with the republicans...
 Wow, I did not know that. What about wives? I think Michelle Obama will run.
 Really? I had no clue. I think she is also a lawyer. I think she has the disposition for it... But the bar is not too high right now...
 Not sure he has the temperment for another 4 years but we'll see. Nice chatting with you!
 Hello, are you a Republican or Democrat?
 I'm a Democrat and did you know that there has not been a president who was neither since 1853!!
 Yeah, before the civil war years!
 Oh yeah, that is very interesting
 Yeah, i'm surprised too but of course it was always used but never associated with the parties
 Yeah that is impressive, i wonder if they made the top 10?
 Yeah, probbably dont have the time. Wasn't it Banana or something like that?
 That's cool, i think all presidents should learn a second requiement
 Yeah, He was a pretty smart man too!
 Really? Like a reverse blackhole?
 Yeah, i dont believe the hologram therie. Yes, good chat and i hope you have a great day, bye!
 I am not sure the reason, but Jordan wore them anyway because Nike was ok paying the fines each game!
 Reebok!  They must have been desperate!  It was great chatting with you today!!
 Yeah he did and that is how he got $90 million deal from Nike. Nice chat :)
 I guess so. I am sure with LeBron in it is is going to be great. Nice chatting with you
 I couldn't agree more. Well, at least we have talent like LeBron James out in the world!
 I rarely see any games, and only have a passing knowledge of what's going on.  I've been to a grand total of one games, but LeBron James was playing in it.
 Good for her, I'd imagine being in that family all she heard was how great he was doing.  It must have been good to get one up on him for once.  
 He certainly got a resume that supports that subjective view, plenty of MVP's and scoring awards.
 Sure. I do have an interest in politics.
 Me either!!!! I think this is going to go well... I have chatted with a few people that have been pro-Trump and I just asked questions and did not opine.
 That makes me sad. I just want a country that is united.
 Can you imagine Hilary and Trump in the same white house! Ha!
 Ha Ha!!!! I think Hilary and Trump will argue all the time in the white house.
 I agree. Ha Ha!!! Did you know that the U.S. president's guest house is larger than the white house?
 I had read that. Nice chatting with you!
 Speaking of pol's, I can't believe the pres of Indonesia has 3 pop albums.  Why not?
 I do. Do you?
 I do. There's something about going into that booth that makes me feel either powerful or patriotic.
 Would you vote if you had to go into a forest filled with lions? I may pass for the mid-terms...
 I had no idea. Did you know there is a garbage dump named Fred Durst in Austin TX?
 Wow I had no idea. Well, it was great chatting with you. Take care!
 He refused being photographed on the Dumbo ride so he wouldnt be associated with Republicans
 Really? that is so funny, how close was  the chimp to become mayor?
 It got the third place, with 400,000 votes!
 Wow, so he almost had it a bit more campaigning and the job was his
 Yes, good chat!  Have a good day...and enjoy your research!!
 I can totally see that I would probably vote for Donald Duck before Mickey
 Pluto was always a mystery to me because Goofy could talk and acted like a human and Pluto was just a dog... haha I think all characters might have something in common with presidental candidates 
 That's a god way to look at it. He didn't have to vote.
 She did. It was nice speaking with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 Funny, the US just voted one into office. Ba-zinga!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Merry Xmas!
 Hm that is a good point actually, I wonder too. 
 I think politicians should be a bit more laid back.  Heck, The Indonesia President released 3 pop records in office
 Well Congress has an annual baseball game between the Democrats and Republicans.  Maybe they should televise it.
 Hi! Are you a voter?
 Finally, a candidate I can get behind!  Citizens of Austin voted to have a dump named after Fred Durst.
 Funny!  If there is such a thing as Canadian Astronauts, I wonder if they would be able to vote from space like the US astronauts do?
 How times change!  34% of black males in Alabama have lost their right to vote. What happened to "count every ballot?"
 Most politicians can also Pile if Higher and Deeper (PhD)... but can he sing?  The President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office!
 Well, the top three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. They could afford to buy a translator...
 I don't know, but until 1805, the loser in the presidential election automatically became VP, so that must have made things interesting!
 I wonder if he stayed at the guest house while he was there? It is bigger than the White House you know!
 That is probably because every President with a beard has been a republican. She was keeping her options open.
 Yeah. Before Trump, 1928 was the last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket.
 I mean, politicians, apes, there isn't much of a difference haha
 Good Morning! Have you been to any concerts lately?
 Oh wow that's been awhile. They've played over 2263 concerts.
 haha I'm sure it's not. They could be as bad as Creed though and get sued for putting on a bad concert.
 It must have been really bad. Did you know that when Obama went to India, they removed all coconuts in the surrounding area.
 So one wouldn't fall on him I'm guessing haha.
 Me too, but I'm sure he was a businessman before being the General he was.
 I think he helped design it maybe?
 Oh I agree, Did you know the president of Indonesia has realesed 3 pop albums?
 have a good day!
 In any case, it was fun to think in depth about politics. Thank you for the wonderful chat.
 Very true. If it wasn't for civilians getting their hands on them, I think they could be useful for the military. 
 Possibly. That was back before he got the codename Renegade. 
 They really do. I bet she was so proud when he became the first African American president. 
 Talk about a power couple!
 I know alot about presidents actually, for instance the only president to have a PhD was Woodrow Wilson. He was president in the early 20th century
 That is scary and does not make for a very great concert going experience I would assume. It was super nice chatting with you. Have a great rest of the day :)
 It is really hard to say....personal fun fact, I worked for a company that provided Trump Tower's office supplies and he made an appearance before he was president and I thought he was such a nice guy!
 Oh wow....I was hesitant to talk politics on line but it was a pleasure to hear your views.  Have fun tonight!
 Hey how's it going? I think voting is so important. Astronauts even vote from space.
 Hi there! How cool is it that the three richest Presidents in history were Washington, Jefferson and JFK?
 I would have to agree for sure. Otherwise it would likely include our current President.
 Oh, I think it was a great idea to change.  We need more relaxed rules though. Ones more like Indonesia where the President has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 haha ya he made 3 pop albums, maybe kanye west will run for president and release an album haha
 I do, and that still cracks me up when I think of it. Maybe he should record with the Indonesian president.
 I think that it is awesome that astronauts can vote from space/
 I like music! I did not know stevie wonder was at the white house that much.
 Presidential medal of honor for one and then he played for parties and the Obamas. Seems like a good gig.
 I do like Linkin Park. Hybrid theory was so good. From front to back, a solid album. I like "in the end". Also liked the collaboration with Jay z.
 Nice!Despite being released over 40 years ago, the dark side of the moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014.
 HA! I do not know if you know football, but that's like Tom Brady being in the top 5 in jersey sales. He's been in the league for 17 years. How can you not have a jersey by now?
 Right? Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music, and smile more when they hit the beat
 HAHA . yeah thats quite the memory you have!
 There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
 I heard that! Awesome! Do you have a favorite Album?
 Yes! So amazing! I think listening to the radio is so calming when I am driving! I love music!
 I was really entertained by "Lord of the Dance"  It was new to me when I saw it live here in Phoenix.  Now I can look on YouTube whenever I want.
 My daughter had an African Gray.  They seem to be so smart.  Hers made a squeak that we could not identify until we heard it on a basketball game as the sneakers made the noise.
 Hahaha! That is adorable! They are so smart. I taught our parrot to sing, Another One Bites the Dust lol
 I am not sure my daughter gave him to me lol
 I haven't been in awhile, but I should go because they carry video games now. How about you?
 I think television can do the same as well. Do you watch the Simpsons?
 I guess it's his main job. But I remember he was like a cannonball person for the circus and the mascot for the baseball team.
 Yep I wish they had that here, I would love to rent a sewing machine so I could fix my clothes instead of buying one outright
 Yeah we'll have a good timeyup I agree, I wish they had pokemon on netflix I would watch all 800 episodes!
 I do watch the show I like how Kenny dies every single episode, thats just a classic lol
 They also have a total of 58 different gender options!
 Two of the 58 are Male and Female but 56 other custom genders is still a lot
 A man in New York bought a barn filled with classic cars. Talk about lucky!
 I am not sure, but I am sure that it was much less than the amount that the cars were worth
 Yeah. My kids love it but hate it when I win. Lol
 Nope. Just glory of being the house champion til the next time.
 No we have went a couple days though. Of course that wasnt straight through we took breaks.
 Like not taking breaks. I dont understand your question.
 No not at all. I mean unless you get a big ole prize at the end.
 Yeah i have. Ive never won anything but a free big mac or something like that.
 Im not sure.
 That would not work these days at all.
 We all know the current pres and the runner up would not get along well at all. It would probably be good tv though. Lol
 Could you imagine that introduction. 
 That would be hilarious!
 I am not sure. I bet JFK, washington and jefferson would dominate though!
 If there is a president banana, he should have a food nickname too.
 Ha ha yeah that would be a good nickname. I'm just glad we don't have a dictator like authoritarian regimes around the world.
 Maybe we do, those are called president too. We may just have a shadow government.
 Not on Facebook though. Nice chatting with you!
 Same here, have a good one
 Yeah definitely. On a lighter note it's nice when successful shows support each other. I saw once the Simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers of South Park.
 Yes, I watch the south park zone cartoon wars parts. It's very good program.
 What are your favorite television shows?
 I love all kind of comedy shows. what about you?
 It was nice talking with you. Later.
 I watched television as well I watched The Simpsons, so funny how homer keeps on switching jobs
 Of course I do. You seem to know lots of cool facts about the Simpsons!
 I really love the show that's why, well Homer had about 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes of the series, that means he had a different job every two episodes.
 Absolutely love it. There are over 750 episodes for me to watch!
 Yeah they do seem kind of random. Another show I really like is Family Guy. I think it's hilarious.
 Oh yeah I do. I enjoy watching comedy central a lot.
 I am indeed! Baseball is so popular all over the world. It's even popular in Japan.
 I'm a big fan!  Do you like it?
 I love the Cleveland Indians because I'm from that region.
 lol  I actually saw the Reds back in the late 80s and early 90s at the old Riverfront stadium.  I was going to college in Columbus and we drive down there for Reds games!
 I never knew that.  That would be funny to see some of the older mangers get in there.  Actually....I think that would be cool to see if they still could play.
 Isn't that interesting!  A total of 160,000 baseballs are used in a typical MLB season.  I bet the baseball manufacturer loves that.  lol
 I love watching tv!  How about you?
 That's pretty neat!  Daniel Radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of Twilights Edward Cullen on the Simpsons Treehouse of Horror XXI.
 I never knew that.  In the first 400 episodes, Homer has held 188 jobs.
 Wow.  Crazy.  Most deals made on Shark Tank are never enacted.  I wonder why?
 I know.  Makes the show seem like a fraud?  Did you know that the weekend update debuted on the first SNL epidsoe and is their longest running skit?
 It was great chatting.
 I don't partake in fast food but that doesn't matter...you can get the pieces by mail!
 Nice chatting with you too. Have a good day!
 good morning to you!
 Lived in DC for a while, bout five mile north of Alexandria, I know  a number of people that work at the Patent and Trademark office, that's why I should have known.
 Well there is the Redskins.  Actually I like the other football, the one played with the foot.  They have a team called DC United.
 I too played soccer but was not too great.  Started playing again when I was in my thirties, in, of all places, Alexandria Virginia.  Used to play pick up games along the Potomac.
 So interesting. Speaking of voting, my favorite election is when we elect the president. Would you agree?
 Yeah glad they made a come back now. Nice chatting with you
 Hiya Turkey
 ya I have heard of him what is his name? I do know there is a patriots player though who has never fumbled the ball, he's awesome!
 haha ya that was a weird question, humans are just so fascinating to me, our use of tools is much more impressive as compared to other animals in nature
 I hope you have a great night too, and I'm glad that we could converse with our high-level human language LOL
 I wish our President would do that same, could you imagine that?
 I believe it was 222-0 when my Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets beat the crap out of Cumberland!
 Yup that is exactly it :)
 Hi! How are doing today! I find politics interesting. I love all the Presidential hype.
 That makes sense. They can mail in an absentee ballot!
 I could not even imagine that happening in the US. They would get so much grief! Nice chatting today! Goodbye.
 Hello! 
 I'm good. How are you?
 Hahahaa, I have heard that somewhere before, so funny but wonder what it means. I think it is interesting that astronauts can vote from space, it is everyone's right to vote for the president! 
 Pretty interesting! I like to vote it makes me feel I have a little bit of a say, but you can only try I guess. I find it funny that they built a guest house at the White House that is actually larger than the White House....seems pretty strange.
 I don't know but I am curious to find out.  I will research the topic on the internet.  Anyway, I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 I am ok, how are you?
 Well, thanks. Do you like consipracy theories
 That's probably where they got the hanging chad from...
 Nice chatting with you...
 You too. Have a great night. 
 Bye...
 Good chatting with you as well.  Have a great day!!
 yeah, I would definitely want to go. It's the future. He's doing things we've never seen before, like the cheese wheel. >_>
 I do.I find the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which includes Space X, to be a big indicator that space flight is being privatized. 
 Who knows. Anyway, I had a great time chatting with you! Have a good day!
 Yes. But only one time in a week. Spend only 1 hours only. What about you ?
 Youtube is good platform short videos and it was started in 2005. Google bought the site in 2006.
 Yes. Youtube allows the uses to upload the videos, comment about the videos also. It also become the corporate media videos. It can be used for entertainment purpose also.
 For the comment and viewing the videos the uploaded person can make revenue. Youtube earn the revenue through the advertisement also.
 It is very interesting. Youtube consumed as much bandwidth and it also create high internet traffic in peak hours.
 Searching the videos in the youtube is the biggest challenge and require so many updated technology to find the videos. Most viewed videos are placed in the top of the list.
 Do you watch television ?
 Online streaming movie is watched in Netflix with high quality is very interesting to watch.
 I love their original shows. They have come quite a ways from being a delivery dvd service. I still remember getting those red envelopes in the mail. 
 They are started by delivered DVD for rental and now we want to subscriptioned for the movie. Netflix has almost 150 movies available.
 I like how it keeps changing too. I think I probably spend at least an hour a day on netflix between myself and the kids. Mostly during the day they stream cartoons. Usage probably goes up as people get off work. 
 I spend weekly one time in netflix with my family members and just watching movies. we uses TV was to watch the news. TV is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news.
 Mostly kids are liked to match pokemon. I also like it.
 Netflix company expanded internationally in 2010 with streaming available in Canada. Netflix entered the content-production industry in 2012.
 Me too... I don't even like reading/watching news outlets that are generally on the same "side" of opinion as me, because I don't enjoy how biased everything is.  I've found that the Wall Street Journal is a pretty good news source that generally just reports the news and removes any personal opinion or bias.
 Haha, it would definitely be interesting for sure.  I suppose there would still be some type of criteria to be eligible for the lottery.  It would be kind of scary if literally ANYONE could be selected.  However, I feel like sometimes us "Average Joes" could probably do much better than all the corrupt politicians in the world.  It could be worse though... at least we don't have a dictatorship like North Korea or Russia.
 Yeah that is true. It was nice chatting with you.
 I think I read about that in some book.  I would have loved to see trump and Hillary working together 
 That is hilarious.  I think presidents should be required to have top notch degrees.  The last president who had a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.  
 No but I did watch on TV the Guatemala's presidents home.  I also learned that close relatives of the president aren't allowed to run for president.  Hilary dodged that bullet.  
 Maybe that is why Hilary decided choose the democratic side.  Although she was president of young republicans in college.  
 haha good point, well maybe she had a beard in college and then when she shaved it she became a democrat haha
 You are so funny!  Well hilary would have never been asked to be the poster woman for the tea party and republicans like Ayn Rand was.  
 Politics these days are out of control.  I watched a TV program about a cat named Hank who placed third in the Virginia Senate Election.  
 no he had no choice! and Eeyore didn't have a choice for the Democrats, life is just unfair I guess haha
 Hi I am good. Yes I love youtube. How about you?
 Wow thats amazing. Police actually have their own youtube called blutube, where they share law enforcement videos.
 Thats wild but seems effective I suppose. lol
 . Netflix has greatly expanded the production and distribution of both film and television series since 2012, and offers a variety of "Netflix Original" content through its online library. Netflix released an estimated 126 original series and films in 2016, more than any other network or cable channel. 
 I have seen a few but its been a few years since I ve had netflix?
 Wow thats amazing!
 It seems they are putting more out than everyone else all put together.
 Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 I know huh. Its been good talking to you.
 I've read that. They must of all been hipsters. LOL
 I've heard that. I have been to the White House when Clinton was in office. Never the guest house.
 For sure, nice talking to you, take care
 Take care
 He sure can, i bet it would be a hit, everybody would watch it regardless of how bad it is who knows maybe it can be the hit of the century.
 nope not at all, only thing I could see is if they both worked together and did a pop album like the indonesia pres, then maybe we could come together as a country! haha!
 haah poor dumbo! and ya he didn't want to be associated with elephants aka republicans, maybe Trump wont take pictures with Eeyore? haha
 don't think so, if dems want to beat him they should run a basketball player, the taller person wins 75% of the time!
 ya maybe they are really good? maybe trump and Kanye should collaborate on one together and outdo hiim with 4 albums!
 it could be I'm not sure, but ya Truman didn't want to be associated with Republicans appanretly by not getting a pic with dumbo
 I do a little but it's more to learn how to cook or fix something. What about you?
 I think I read that the other day. Behind Google, I assume. YouTube and Netflix make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 About the same. I found out that bart was not in "Four  Great Women and a manicure."
 That's a lot! Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah Kennedy's easy. But who knew Washington and Jefferson?
 Oh yeah, do you know what GOP stands for?
 founded by anti-slavery activists..GOP which equals the Grand Old Party
 yeah, I think my taxes have lowered since Trump
 yeah wonder what happens if you criticize the presidents music there? Get caned maybe?
 Yeah, that woulda been comedy gold right there, HRC and Trump!
 yeah does seems like the media has had us divided into red/blue for longer than that
 But at least, they may be redrawn after this next Congress will take office in January.
 We can but hope.  Nice chatting.
 Definitely not! Good thing that practice ended in 1805
 I guess so! Loved his response to all the haters though!
 lol; glad I could bring a smile to your face this morning ;)
 That is pretty funny. I personally don't listen to the radio. I mostly listen to YouTube. And I would rather listen to classical Latin then listen to the Canadian radio LOL
 Haha I'm with you on that. Maybe I will make a foxhole radio. You just need a pencil and a razor blade and they are you're good to go LOL I can even put it in my car haha
 Yep they must have been really smart haha. Or at least smarter than me because I couldn't figure it out. Also I could use the Foxhole radio to listen to a Jupiter radio storm.
 I would love to listen to storms coming from Jupiter.  
 It's kind of similar, it's a rap, and they just compliment each other. I don't know if you've ever seen a diss track before, where they make fun of each other, but it's kind of the opposite of that
 Spider-man!  Is that right?  Unfortunately, I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
 yeah I heard that too. nice chatting with you
 Hi, how are you??
 Wow, I did not know that. Did you know that John Quincy Adams skinny dipped in the Potomac river?
 Ha! That would be so embarrasing... She's now seen negatively though. Seems like good old fashion journalism...
 No, I've never been there.  It sounds very nice; I love the atmosphere of the wharf and the smell of the sea. I love to eat fish. 
 Me too. My dream is to retire to a slow moving coastal town where the biggest decision I have to make is determining which local dinner I will eat at. I'm a ways away from that!
 I hope to get to DC one day to visit the wharf and taste some of the delicious fish. I might go this spring; the weather will be nice for walking around the wharf and taking in the sights and smells of all the history. 
 I agree. I wouldn't mind catching a Nationals game either! Check out that 7th inning stretch!
 Yeah. That's why I drink so much at games... I have to get up and go to the concession stand! HA!
 That's hilarious! I'm surprised that Trump hasn't made any pop albums since he's been a reality TV star already. That could be an avenue when he leaves the white house.
 yeah. 
 In class they also discussed the history of clothing. Did you know that humans are the only creature that wears clothes? I didn't know that, ha ha.
 I think they should put pants on horses... my son asks too many questions at the petting zoo.
 That's interesting because I always have thought that Pilgrims dress was very boring. I didn't know that they wore colorful clothing! That gives me a whole new view of the Pilgrims.  They're not as drab as I had pictured them.
 We're at 8 so we have 2 more. Did you know there is a jellyfish that is immortal? Kind of like this chat?
 HA! Heartburn... That's funny. I heard that some snakes can eat humans whole!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hello! Did you know there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal? 
 You would think. Let's hope they are, or jelly fish will rule the world someday!
 That's pretty scary, Zebra fish are super invasive too I believe. Freshwater fish drink through their skin! 
 That's pretty crazy! The black swallower fish can eat prey twice it's size! I hope they're not too big!
 I haven't, but I have heard of it. I love listening to podcasts while i'm driving.
 Now that's a good strategy! Did you know pilgrims only wore black for special occasions? 
 Yeah, I imagine apple clothes would be very minimalist and expensive! 
 I think he would be up in the top three at least. A way to tell to if you get your clothes tailored or not are collar gaps!
 That's crazy, I wonder how much luggage really goes unclaimed! 
 Yeah,that is strange. You would have thought it to be up in New England! 
 Lol, that has got to be surreal! So many interesting facts on podcasts! Well, it was nice chatting with you!
 I think I have to know what they sound like too! Have a nice evening! 
 I like the simpsons too. I also liked that 70's show.
 I heard about that one. It's called 4 great women and a manicure.
 Maybe they had to send a message to the voice actor! Homer is the star anyways..
 That's why it failed! I feel like it oculd have done better if it was written for that audience. Did you ever see the British version of the office?
 It was different. The Dwight character is much more militant. The Michael scott character is so uncomfortable. I could only watch one episode at a time because I woul d get so ncomfortable.
 Nice! It was nice chatting with you?
 Hello. Are you aware that only elephants and dogs understand pointing by humans?
 They do. It's awesome that they instinctively know that, and there are blood drives for the doggos too.
 There are vending machines in Istanbul, that release food and water for stray doggos, in exchange for plastic bottes. We need those here.
 I saw that video. That is amazing, I can't even use an Uber properly.
 omg I had no idea, But I know scientists try to find more about animals each day, Havard scientists one day managed to store a gif of a galloping horse in the dna of bacteria, can you imagine that?
 crazy scientists, lol, I heard that US Hopes to do joint field operations with Noth Korea to return remains of american soldiers who died in the korean war, and DNA will play a great part in order to figure out their families here.  
 I hope the soldiers' families don't hold any ill will towards Koreans. It was just a different time.
 Yeah+ they grow up to be so big haha. I would love to have a pet elephant but I don't think my house would be able to fit it haha.
 Yes, I love dogs.
 Great question. I love that they experience eureka moments. 
 It makes sense but not sure how it would work nowadays
 LOL that is funny. I couldnt imagine after Trump shouted lock her up then she became his vice president
 Lol he's going bananas because he is appealing. 
 Really they did a lottery? I could not imagine running for president could be won by a lottery. Democracy is much better
 thats a good idea as sometimes you have to vote for the lessor of the two evils. None of the above allows people to vote when the both of them are equally evil lol
 The same reason that president banana won. They just more appealing.
 No I did not know that. It must have been electrifying. The white house still uses floppy disk
 That is very interesting. Teddy Roosevelt also banned Christmas trees from the white house
 i've seen it before. it really is.
 yes, I thought it was very funny.
 I don't go on Twitter.  I've found 99 percent of the things on there to be a waste of my time.  Same for Facebook.  Didy you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents in the US before Trump were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 I know.  You would think that more would have made it to be a president.  Looks like Indonesia prefers entertainment over doctors as well because the president there recorded 3 pop albums while in office.
 Interesting!  The US presidents guest house is larger than the White House.
 President Banana!  lol
 Haha! Our president can be "orange!" The first phone number ever of the white house was "1". I bet they got a lot of weird calls then, by mistake! Haha
 That's funny!  I bet they got a ton of calls for sure! lol  The White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France.  I wonder if they have anything to do with the White House or if it's just a coincidence.
 What are the odds of that?  lol  The white house still uses floppy disks to store files.  I'm surprised they haven't caught up with the times and use flash drives.
 I don't know.  What's funny is that George W. Bush had the solar panels put back on the White House! haha
 I agree!  I enjoyed the chat!
 Yeah, me too! Have a great night!
 You have a good night too!
 I do, maybe not as good as the ones you told me but did you know that Nevada is the only state to have a "none of theese candidates" voting option.
 Nice chatting with you as well!
 Well did you know the White house has twin buildings in Ireland and in France. Wonder if the President gets to stay there when he visits.
 Yeah I think it is either JFK, or George Washington, or maybe it was Jefferson. they were all loaded.
 Yeah I wonder if they buy his albums because they are good, or if its because he is President. lol
 Yeah. Man thats crazy. Figure they would have caught that sooner. Like when it happened.
 Exactly, with so many staff. It was nice chatting with you
 Same here.
 Apparently, it's a tradition.  I'm happy for the turkeys.Lol
 I like it too, it is lighthearted moment in the year. And it is on Thanks Giving, so it is not like there is other pressing issues.  
 I thought the names Peas and Carrots were cute, too.  It's just a fun little way to unite us as Americans in a lighthearted way.
 Probably Gobbles the turkey.
 I do!  They happen to be JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!
 lol That's funny!  The US presidents guest house is larger that the white house.  Must be to make visitors feel more at home.
 Wouldn't that be interesting to see Hillary and Trump doing that today?
 Like the president of Indonesia? lol  I wonder how many people bought the 3 pop albums he released while in office?
 I didn't know that.  Interesting.  Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationest and he banned christmas trees from the white house.
 Isn't that crazy?  You would think they would be more updated by now.
 Hahah  Isn't that kind of scary to think they didn't notice that right away?
 I didn't know that.  Since 1900, the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75 percent of the time.  Who gathers this data? lol
 Nope!  Officials in ancient Athens were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy.
 lol  During the 2012 US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in 9 states. I don't even know why they allow international observers to watch at all?  Can't they watch via a video stream or something?
 It was fun!  Have a good one!
 Glad you agree.  Apparently, the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  I wonder why.
 I think so too.
 It was great talking to you!
 I guess it's been being done for decades, so I'm sure we'll get the chance to see it again. :)
 Me either.  Maybe, now that we know, we can use them as write in candidates?  My state doesn't have a "none of these candidates" option, so a write in would be the best option.
 It is a little crazy.  Loveline used to do a bit about weird crimes called Germany or Florida.  A bit of radio absurdist theater.
 Hi I would hope so.  Hasn't really been a push for "Made in America" products in the 30 years since the 80s.  
 Yes.  President Jimmy Carter was always trying to save money to help.  During the winter of 1977 he turned down the themostats in the white house to 65 degrees.  
 lol  The last US president to speak a foregin language fluently was FDR.  Wish I could speak another language fluently.
 lol I took Spanish too but only learned how to say basic words.  That's scary that it took them 4 days to find that.  5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.  Isn't that what happened with Trump?
 I think one of the funniest elections is when a dog beat 2 people in a mayoral election.  The dog served as mayor for 13 years.  No idea where that was though.
 Interesting!  The only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson.  I figured there would have been more than over the years.
 I did not know that.  In Oregon all elections are conducted by mail.
 Neat.  I wonder if they were designed by the same person then?  Did you know there is also a replica of the White House in Atlanta that was built as a private home?
 I'm really hopeful that all the crisis tendencies of capitalism will lead to a rise of cooperative production in the social economy.
 I agree. Small-scale production technology is becoming increasingly cheap. And it take less and less labor to produce the things we need.
 Yeah, I have a lot of hope that existing capitalist corporations will become less capitalistic under the incentives of capitalist crisis. And at the same time, a non-capitalist system will grow up in the interstices of the old system.
 And the structural crisis will result in change one way or the other. But I really am hopeful about how much further left Millennial voters are.
 If we can just survive the next few years and get to the tipping point.
 It was nice talking with you.
 If I can find them yes I do. I love that the Trump had a event showcasing American-made merchandise.
 Very true. Did you know that the White House has only been the residence of the US President since John Adams in 1800
 Yes, I am so glad that the running up is no longer giving VP.
 Happy Holidays
 yeah I was not a big fan. it was okay but I Feel like there are a lot of better movies that they have I like better. 
 that is neat. I always forget his middle name is elias. i wonder if the superimposed line that the NFL uses could be traced back to him popularizing animation.
 yes. I started to like it when I was in Costa Rica and then I came back to the states loving it. It's more interesting than american football. I live by a rugby pitch now and that is interesting to watch too.
 Ha.  Good idea.  I moved to Georgia right when Hugo hit SC but I didn't have to pack and bubble wrap things.  I wasn't that close.
 He deserves the recognition.  I'm an engineer that would have liked to be one of his "Imagineers".  
 Good luck to her.  Disney's all over the entertainment world it seems. Pixar has done some great CGI stuff including Wall-e.
 Yes that was a great invention on their part. I love watching American football and I think it's the best version of them all!
 thats a good point. do you have a favorite president? mine is Lincoln and FDR. FDR was the last person to speak a foreign language fluently in the presidency. 
 french, i believe. 
 Wow, that's talented! I wish you good luck in those endeavors. 
 I did not know that. I would watch a Fox News cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
 A lot of countries are interested in American politics. I supposed I am interested in the Zimbabwe President called President Banana.
 The world is quite the interesting place. The President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I agree. Something to look into. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting information.
 Keep learning and enjoy watching Fox News.
 I do, mostly because it was created by a Republican media strategist.
 That is great news! It is watched more than MSNBC and CNN combined.
 Oh nice, makes what our President gets called a little less extreme. I'm just glad that the loser of the Presidential election no longer becomes VP. Someone was thinking in 1805 when that changed.
 I could not agree more! I'm just glad to be a part of the post 1805 generation.
 That must be entertaining. Speaking of entertaining, the President's guest house is bigger than the White House. I guess that takes care of his entertainment responsibilities.
 Oh sounds nice. You have a good night too. Nice chatting.
 It's ok.  It is popular.  Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined!
 lol  That's funny.  Fox news corp. almost created a cable channel that would only run the Simpsons.  Fox must have really been mad at the creators to try to sue them since they worked with them already. lol
 Yes.  Did you know that Richard Nixon had a part in creating Fox news?
 Yep.  Are you a fan of clothing?  I am.  I try to wear it as much as I can.  lol
 Oh yeah...even layers upon layers in the winter. lol  Did you know that pilgrim clothing was full of color and they only wore black and white for special occasions?
 lol Yes. ...and I know!  Same with school...they always made us think black too! 
 I didn't know that either.  I bet that stuff is worth some money now.  There is a store in Alabama that sells only clothes and other items found in unclaimed baggage at airports.  Maybe they have some Apple clothing? lol
 I know right?  Fashion aficionados look for collar gaps in clothes to tell you get your clothes tailored or not.  They would laugh at my clothes.  
 I'm guessing because they probably know a lot about it. It's been fun chatting with you!
 Seems like a pretty shallow bromance if it cannot stand a few misslies and the threat of destruction. The way he has ostracized Merkel seems like he shouldn't loose any more leader's friendships...
 HA! Are you suggesting two "alpha" males are being weird when egos are involved? Never...
 I do not want to find out! Maybe he can record in one of the two identical white house buildings in ireland or france.
 I find Bush to be an underrated president, with the whole Iraq war shading his entire presidency.
 HAHA yeah he was...  On another note did you know that in 1975 Mcdonald's added drive-thru for soldiers who wasn't  allowed to get out of their car while wearing fatigues? 
 Hello!  Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was named Banana? lol
 lol  The president is the common title of most republic states.  Did you know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?
 Haha Yes.  The presidents guest house is larger than the white house.  That's kind of surprising.
 Maybe it's to treat the guests better?  In 1805 the vice-president of the U.S. was decided on who was the runner up in the Presidential election.
 lol  It might have promoted a more team effort approach though...forcing them to work on issues together.  Who knows if that would work now though.  Do you watch Fox news?
 Same here.  I try to spread it out.  Local news is the best for me personally.  Supposedly Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Yes.  I agree.  It seems like it's getting too ridiculous.  Fox news corporation had thought about making a channel that would run only the Simpsons.  Wonder how that would have worked out?
 That's an interesting story for sure!  Funny stuff!  5 of the 9 current supreme court justices were appointed by Republican presidents.  That's almost an even split.
 No it's not.  I have to run.  It was nice chatting with you today.  I hope you the rest of your day is wonderful! 
 He has fans around the world, and is clearly a skill linguist. Well, I enjoyed chatting! Have a good day!
 Same here, have a good one
 or a recipe for fun, depends on your perspective haha!
 haha well I think either way that sounds horrible, probably burning would be worse for me, what do you think
 Did you know NYC's area code is 212 because it is the easiet to dial. 
 Haha I did, yes 212 is the fastest number you can dial on a rotary phone!
 Me too. I had a rotary growing up and it was the worst when you misdialed and had to start over or your finger slipped...
 They are delicious smoked. Nice chatting with you!
 The world already has competitions for talent and achievement in all field.
 Sure, Car came to global use in 20th century American is the largest using cars in the world.
 German are manufactured the first car in the world. Some leading cars are produced by German companyies.
 All the social media are available in your phone and you accessing speed and download speed.
 Haha, I remember doing coloring sheets for Thanksgiving with Pilgrims that looked like that. Don't forget the buckle shoes!
 I like the Tarzan soundtrack. Phil Colins recorded it in five languages. I think I have heard at least three versions.
 ONE MORE TIME is their hit single. I love that song. Damn, I want some pancakes now as well. I guess I will go to Denny's soon.
 No, I don't. Well, great talking to you!
 Yeah it was good too. Phil Collins Tarzan soundtrack was also epic. It was in a ton of languages! Nice talking with you have a great day!
 A funny one is how People used to do their laundry in old faithful; they put their clothes in the geyser and it would erupt with clean clothes
 Cool I loved Alicia keys song on the men in black soundtrack 
 That was a nice soundtrack. Phil Collins speaks lots of languages. he recorded the english, italian, german, spanish, and french versions of the tarzan soundtrack
 How cool. I never knew that Michael jackson helped write the soundtrack for sonic 3
 I remember that game the music was nice. Daft punk negotiated the tron legacy soundtrack over a pancake breakfast where they wore their trademark robot helmets
 And Espn created that yellow line. 
 No I havent.  Just a fun fact that I read recently.  
 ya I like it, I used to only buy on amazon but now target will price match amazon
 Wow. Well at least they dont carry tobacco
 yes but its been 23 years without selling it. That would saves lots of lives  
 I know and I wonder what they do with all that land though
 Yeah exactly, it is easy to get distracted. Nice chatting with you
 I guess some people are reluctant to stream.  I think it's funny that the founder of Netflix was inspired to create it due to a late fee.
 Maybe it is making its there up there. Nice chat
 Do you think car is useful to everyone?
 sure for the most part. The trunk is called that because they used to have real wooden trunks on the back of the cars
 A trunk, also known as a travel trunk, is a large cuboid container designed to hold clothes and other personal belongings.
 Exacerbating sales performance for the Cadillac brand was a policy, reflective of the times, which discouraged sales to African Americans.
 Statistically your chances of being a carjacking victim are very slim, and prevention actions can reduce the risk even more.
 MySpace CEO Chris DeWolfe met with Facebook cofounder Mark Zuckerberg and the pair talked merger. Eventually Mark asked Chris if MySpace wanted to buy Facebook for $75 million
 Yes, according to The New Yorker, Zuckerberg is red-green colorblind, which means the color he can see best is blue. That also happens to be the color that dominates the Facebook website and mobile app. "Blue is the richest color for me," he told the magazine
 Iceland is using facebook to rewrite their constitution allowing the public to help
 It's interesting, Iceland's existing constitution dates back to when it gained independence from Denmark in 1944
 Okay, Burger King shut down Whopper Sacrifice, a Facebook application that offered users a free burger if they dropped 10 Facebook friends, after ... new versions of the campaign on any other social networking site. 
 It is the best-selling debut album of the 21st century, with over 30 million copies sold worldwide. -Only four albums released in the 21st century have sold more copies: Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP, The Beatles'1, Adele's 21, and Eminem's The Eminem Show.
 Yes, It's true. 
 Yes, It's interesting. Thank you very much for your details.
 thank you too
 Have a nice day.
 ya I would have never guessed that, did you do the burger king promotion to get a free whopper? I can tell you I would easily hvae done that back in the day
 I just listened to Hybrid Theory in full on YouTube a couple of days ago. I love them. Do you?
 I didn't know it either. But I like them because they're one of those bands in the first years of the century that were a hangover from the 90s grunge era.
 ya you're right, I want to listen to the rap album by the two 100 year old japanese twins, did you hear about that?
 ya, apparently when they both tured 100 they made the album and released it in 1992, I'm sure its super weird haha
 I'm happy to know Floyd's "Dark Side of the Moon" is still so popular after all these years. I love them. Did you ever do the thing where you sync it with Wizard of Oz?
 I like Animals too. It strikes me as a test-run for The Wall in terms of the style, if not the message. But I especially love the early stuff with Syd Barrett, and Final Cut because it's the last thing Waters did.
 It's been a pleasure, and yeah make sure to check out their record it was called straight outta compton.
 The Model T. Came out so long ago. 1908. It had all the part, too. Engine, wheels, the works!
 I would write a program to friend and unfriend people, then collect the burgers and feed the homeless. Problem solved!
 They had the attitude! Anyhow, thanks for the chat! It was all that!
 Not really. She is talented performer, no doubt, but I can only handle so much of her at one time. You?
 Even after 40 years, I would rather listen to the Dark SIde of the Moon than to Dion. It was still one of the top albums in 2014... Timeless!
 Yup. I wouldn't mind hearing Celine Dion try to make a rap album, but I don't think she would even be as good as those Japanese twins that released their first  rap album at 100 yrs old.
 Impressive!  I wonder if it comes in vinyl?  I miss my old 33rpm record player...
 Mine are all stretched out. Eating Whoppers makes me giddy. I earned a free one through a Burger King promotion by unfriending 10 people on Facebook.  Harder than you might think. Especially for me, since I had to first find 10 friends
 Not me. I avoid Facebook as much as possible. I might even move to the German state of Schleswigholstein, where the FB "Like" button is illegal!
 I will ask my dog. He was the only member of my family that had a Myspace page. Can you believe MS had a chance to buy FB and balked?  Now MS is history and FB is big brother.
 Makes me sad. Iceland is rewriting their constitution using Facebook so that the public can weigh in on it. It will be interesting if it is actually helpful, or just a frpe zone..
 Yeah, but it feeds the addiction to clicking that we all have. FB is mostly blue because Zuckerberg is colorblind. Imagine if he had been totally blind...
 What if I hadn't asked that question? What if you weren't such a great sport? What if I wasn't ending this text session?
 Especially with Pokemon go, they have taken over
 Ahh...I see.  Do you remember the old rotary phones?
 Sure do, LOL. I grew up with one in my house.
 Me too with the spiral cords!  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone!
 I never knew that until tonight.  They say that it's impossible to seperate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together.  I'm going to have to try that.
 lol  Did you know that an iphone had more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent?  Crazy!
 It seems like I'm always connected while I'm awake.  Do you know what a hamburger button is?
 Yeah,  that little menu icon with the parallel lines LOL. I never knew that was the name for it though.
 Me neither!  lol  There is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.  I wonder how many climbers have taken a selfie and posted it from the top?  lol
 I do buy a lot online.  Only 7% of people who buy online read the full terms.  I've been guilty of that a few times.
 True!  I have to get running.  Thanks for chatting!  Have a good night!
 Nice talking to you.
 I only watch The Originals when I was a kid, I'll never be able to catch up AKA "catch em all" haha
 Agreed. I think it would be better for everyone if they would put there phones down. Not just the phone owners, either. More children would get water from Unicef if people used their phones less.
 It's not hard to give them access through phone technology. It might be slow internet, but good enough for messages. I would hope both would be available. Anyway, thanks for the chat!
 Telephone is a device which connect two or more people to have conversation.
 Yes. The telephone have microphone to speak and earphone which reproduce the voice in the distant location.
 Nowadays, people are using mobile phone for comfortable purpose and mobile internet connectivity also. Some government office and Private office using Digital telephone.
 Yes. We can contact any person from different part of the world, which is possible through Telephone. In 1876, Alexander Graham Bell invented it.
 It is very interesting to know. Development of telephone result in development of internet also. We use broadband width through the telephone lines only.
 Continuous use of internet leads to addiction, which affect  your eyes and brain very much.
 Online shopping is available today with the help of  internet, we can purchase any product from any countries. It is very amazing.
 And Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin doing the Thomas the Tank Engine's voice! cool! I would love to be there and watch them.
 Jeff Bezos is surely a genius, Amazon is a great company I just love it
 I do!  The car brand Cadillac was named after Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac - the same French explorer who was the founder of Detroit.
 Yes I have.  They are called that because in the old days cars used to carry wooden trunks on them!
 That would be neat and at the same time probably a little bit of a pain in the butt.  lol  McDonald's didn't have drive-thrus until they added them in 1975 to accomadte soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues. Interesting.
 Oh yeah.  That was a good movie.  I saw it too.  It was based off true events. The Dutch are creating a commuter bus desinged to travel 160 mph!
 Whatever they are doing they want to go fast like Ricky Bobby.  lol  All of the highways in Japan have tolls and it would cost $300 to travel across the country.  That doesn't sound too bad really.
 I think just the highways and it's probably the quickest way to get around. I was in the Dallas Ft Worth area and if you take the toll roads you can get where you're going fairly fast.  If you take the free roads, it takes you forever to get where you're going.  Did you ever have a Nintendo game system?
 I remember when they came out.  Funny how we thought how awesome they were looking back at it.  In 2003 they discontinued the Nintendo system in Japan.
 ha!  I remember that one Mike Tyson's punchout!  That was a big game in my area.  I live in a rural area of Ohio where Mike Tyson lived in the late 80s and 90s.  Don King still lives here.  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 Do you travel much?
 Not good, especially considering it's diminutive size. How about Mackinac Island in Michigan..ever visit there?  They have no motorized vehicles at al!
 Wiw. It sounds like you are quite the world traveler!  You are a little like King Kalakaua, the first king to travel the globe!
 Have you been to Europe and seen that commuter bus that the Dutch developed that goes 160 mph?
 My traveling is limited to the Travel Channel on TV. You have much time to watch television during all your journeys?
 That Jeff Bezos has really got them hopping!
 Really. It is hard to believe that Amazon is only about 25 years old. Now it is a tech giant and largest earning internet retailer in the world. 
  I am just glad that my Amazon packages are delivered on Sunday by the USPS.  I imagine Clifford Calvin griping as he is forced to work on Sundays!
 That is awesome. They also own IMDB. Do you have a FireTV stick?
 I'll bet!  I hope Amazon does not suffer.
 Say hi to King Kalakaua for me!
 I'm with you.  I always have it on running money making apps. lol  Did you know what they call the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites?
 lol  It's a funny name.  ...the one I use the most is I run the video apps from swagbucks.  I just let them run on a phone I don't use anymore.  I wonder would happen if the internet burned down?  lol  I'm not sure how that would happen exactly.  Hope there is a backup plan.
 Whew.  That relieves me to know that.  I would be worried that I would have to go cold turkey because I suffer from a real internet addiciton. lolol
 Ahhh....I thought that's what my doctor said I had. lol  I've heard that only 7% of people read the full TOS.
 LOL  There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest.  Thank goodness it will be there if I decide I want to climb it one day. lol
 You know it!  An iphone has more computing power that the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Yes.  lol  Kind of scary to think about it.  Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone!  I like that idea.
 Nice!  86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.  It's been fun chatting!
 You have a great day too!
 I don't know much about it to tell you the truth.  I don't stay with the latest technology until I'm able to get it, then I'll read up on it.  I do know that you can now get 3G cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest! lol
 Maybe in case climbers run into trouble it gives them an easy way to call for help...or hellllllpppppp if they are falling and trying to make a call.  7% of poeple read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.  I read them.
 Interesting.  Wouldn't have guessed that.  The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.  Good to know they have a backup plan.  But, how exactly does the internet burn down?  lol
 Yes.  The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. lol  I had no idea.
 That's kind of scary to think about.  lol  Constant novelty from clinking links on the internet can cause real addition measurable in the brain.  I might have that.
 It's like a double edged sword.  I think we've become too reliant on it and if it were to go down we would be in trouble.  That's incredible too about the interenet in space.
 I also had one growing up.  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone!  It's been fun chatting!
 Thats interesting first time hearing that, The inventor of the dial phone sure did us a favor and yeah it was great chatting thanks for all the cool facts, bye. 
 lol yes he did.  Have a good one!
 Yeah it was fun chatting with you, I hope you have a good day as well!
 True! They remade That 70's show in the UK and it was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 Exactly! Thanks for chatting! 
 nice, me too. nice chatting with you
 Yea it worries me a little bit to be honest. Actually the term white house is often used as a metonym for the president and his advisers. Nice talking with you all the best!
 Hi, sometimes, but I had not realized that it is more watched than CNN
 Sometimes here too.  I was surprised to see that.  I didn't know that the IGN gaming website was owned by News corp. who also owns Fox news.
 That doesn't surprise me at all.  At one time Fox news almost created a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
 And at the same time they wanted to sue them because of a parody they did to their democratic agenda!!
 i should say anti-democratic agenda!! hahaha  A lot of people receive Fox news in their homes. In 2015 there were almost 95 million households
 lol  That's probably why the are watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined like you said earlier!  lol
 Exactly!! Have you ever been at the white house?
 No.  But, I wish I could visit there.  Have you seen it or know any interesting facts about it?
 I went once and you know , I just learned there are twin houses in Ireland and in France!
 Oh wow.  I wonder what they use them for?  Teddy Roosevelt was such a staunch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House.
 I did  not know that... and if you happen to see solar panels in the White House, is because George W. Bush had them installed!
 Nice!  Hopefully, they didn't get hit by one of the bullets that struck the White House on Nov. 11, 2011.  It took the secret service 4 days to realize the white house was shot at.
 Pretty delayed! Did you know it was designed by an Irish architet called James Hoban?
 I never knew that.  You would think the white house would upgrade in how they store files.  They still use floppy disks.
 Wow, I have not seen one of those in at least 20 years! hard to believe!
 I know.  lol  I think I might have some still somewhere packed away.  Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
 Wow, must be super large!! talking about presidents, did you know what the president of Indonesia did while in Office?
 He did something good! he recorded 3 pop albums! Well It was a nice chat , have a good one
 I know, I guess that is why everyone has a lawyers sitting in the background. Nice chatting with you
 The last two you mentioned probably became president because of past deeds, certainly Washington.  Little to do with their money.
 Somehow it might give me more respect for them, since it means they don't take themselves too seriously.  I can't think of one presidential candidate, past or present I'd like to hear sing.
 It's a good job we don't have to vote to put someone in those buildings too.  There are already too many election campaigns and the TV adds that go with them.
 Yes completely agree. One cool thing is George Bush put solar panels on the white house! It was lovely speaking with you. Have a nice day.
 Smart move. There is a not-to-merry a war between Trump and the press corp, and by holding a rally, Trump wiil be seen as in touch with voters, while the press corp will look out of touch in their ties-and-tails outfits. 
 The President of Zimbabwe is called President Banana. That is far better coverage than what the press corp has given Trump. Some deserved, some not.
 I watch many different sources. I find it fascinating how differently they will cover the same story. I saw this as a child years ago, how mainstream coverage is often sensationalist, while if you find a better source, where the whole issue is discussed instead of just a editor-selected segment, then the impression given is much different. Almost looks dishonest at times,, but it seems to stem from intrinsic bias.
 Ever watch the movie, Idiocrasy?  We are moving in that direction.  The Fox News channel considered suing the Simpsons. I would have loved to hear Homer's rebuttal... 
 I wonder if solar panels were also put on the twin White House buildings in Ireland and France?
 LOL  The White House still uses floppy disks.  I wonder if those solar panels were the same ones used by Jimmy Carter, or if they updated the tech?
 He was quite the conservationist!  It was a principled stance.  We could use more of that in Washington...
 Most definitely, great chatting with you though. I'm going to take off and go to bed, have a good one!
 Yeah you would think they would have upgraded by nThe very first phone number to the white house was 1. Lol.ow. 
 What a stupid thing to do. At least get a fake tree. 
 Actually he just put solar panels back on the white house. Jimmy carter put them on the white house, then ronald reagan had them removed.
 They sound like divorced parents.
 Lol. Did you know that if you send a birth announcement to the white house they will send you bacck a congratulations card back.
 I doubt it is exact but it is probably pretty close. If I was gonna build a white house replica, I would want it to be exact.
 Yeah, I heard they still store files on floppy disks. 
 I bet you're right. George W. Bush had solar panels put on the White House. Good to see he was into renewable energy. 
 Definitely. In 2011 it took the secret service four days to realize that someone had shot at the White House. That's scary!
 Or wonder how often they stay at the twin buildings in Ireland and France? I didn't even know till recently there were twin buildings in Europe. 
 Haha. That's true. Like the president of Indonesia, who's released 3 pop albums since he's been in office. 
 Agreed. Like, the first president of Zimbabwe's name was ... wait for it... President Banana. 
 I have no idea! The top three US presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Who knew?
 I don't think Trump has as much money as he says he has. Did you know it used to be that the runner up in the presidential election became the VP... can you imaging Trump and Clinton sharing the same White House? Don't think that'd go well. 
 I'd hope so. Teddy Roosevelt was such a conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House. 
 I think Teddy Roosevelt is my favorite president. He did so much for this country and was really an all around decent guy. 
 I like him a lot too. One of the greats. Guess that's why he's on Mount Rushmore. 
 I don't think I would like that at all either... He might  prefer to be called a banana rather than orange though! haha.
 Me neither; that seems depressing.  It's cool that you can mail a birth announcement to the white house and they'll send you a congratulations card back.
 Hi did you visited white house
 I did visited till now, am new here, will plan to visit this summer.
 sure thanks, first I am enjoying the snow .. am from India , I am very excited :)
 I think trump only right, But i like obama a lot , white house still using floppy disks.. looks crazy
 oh okay, Why bush used solar panels on whit house, any idea, but sunlight is very low here compared to India
 yes climate change is dread to our environment, we should go with the nature to save the earth
 May be , he dont want to be more religious. Do you watch fox news
 Now fox is focusing on gaming sites too, do you play video games
 yeah and they did not know for four days. nice chat
 Hehe.. my friends from overseas would just stare blankly at that.  And I'd have to tell them 46cm.  Course, they have a point a system based on 10s is a lot easier to figure out, but I'm just so dang used to inches and feet... Speaking of rules though, did you know Kareem's constant use dunking got the shot banned from basketball for over a decade?
 Yes, I have many favorite movies, although not a lot of drama. I love comedy and fiction more. What is yours?
 Well, we all have a unique taste. I have seen movies with drama like battle navar or attack to the angels, the invasion and they are wonderful movies
 Yes, excellent actor, has made very good movies.
 Well of course. This character is for me the king or one of the kings of comedy. I've seen all your comedy movies and it's something that makes you want to keep watching
 Are you a big fan of sports at all?
 They have a chance at making it just depends if anybody gets injured or not. What about the NFL which are some of your favorite teams?
 We would probably be so behind in technology and communication. Now we have infinite knowledge instantly available in the palm of our hands
 It just shows the power the internet has to even change the chemicals in our brains
 Yes they are. If we can get a good laugh without traumatizing some kid, I am all for. it. Sometimes, though, there is just too much communication in this world.
 That one lady who dances at the NBA basketball game is hilarious.
 You never know what these people will do at a game. I like to watch that rather than a poor kid crying cause his favorite team lost.
 No telling which President did that?  I think it's a good idea to have them, very green and they conserve energy.
 If they were thinking, they could have used smaller potted trees, instead and just planted after Christmas.  Lots of people do that, now. 
 I love Ryan Stiles on, "Whose line is it, anyway?"  So smart and funny!
 Yeah very tricky on that show! I like comedy films because they usually have a happy ending.
 Ya! One of my favorite was The Hangover!
 hi!
 I am great! Wow thats interesting! 
 I loved the Hangover as well, my all time fav is 40 year old Virgin...lol gotta love to laugh!
 Oh well you should watch it because it has a lot of the same characters in as I love you man, so funny.
 Yes!!! I love that movie...again great cast! Just like This is 40
 Right, I agree! Well it was nice talking with you today. 
 I'm like you. I used to use it a lot years ago but not so much anymore.  I can't believe it was started in 2004.  Times sure flies.
 I signed up somewhere around then too.  I was on myspace, who by the way turned down the chance to buy facebook for $75 million in 2005.
 Crazy.  In  Feb. 2012 when facebook had their IPO they were valued at $104 billion dollars!
 No doubt!  Did you hear about the Burger King Facebook promotion they had?
 Yes!  I would have scored myself a lot of free whoppers!
 lol  Iceland is rewriting their constitution via facebook and allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.  Interesting.  Do you like cars or to talk politics?
 I'm middle of the road...In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That is a good thing they did.
 Yes...me too!  Did you know that 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the US gov't?
 Yes!  I was surprised they owned that much.  A man in France impersonated a gov't official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once but twice!  What are the odds? lol
 Right!  I had a good time chatting with you!
 Yeah same here, I hope you have a good day!
 I did. To me it sounds like something that would have happened back in the 20s in chicago or something. Not something you would hear about these days.
 Well she accessed password protected files and gave reports to the man charged with murder. How could she think she would get away with that?
 His girlfriend was also indicted. I guess all three of them were texting back and forth trying to get him off.
 I guess that is true. Im not sure what you are trying to say.
 It really was. Im sure they keep track of who gets into the password protected files at the police station.
 Thats awesome. Well Im gonna have to be getting off here Nice chat.
 I do! I listen to a station here in Minnesota mostly for the morning show. It's funny for a little bit.
 I like how in Canada their radio station must play at least 40% Canadian music. Good spirit!
 I watch the NFL every weekend and I am sad that it is over for the season. So cool it's been around since 1920.
 Oh wow so as long as they meet the requirements they can play. I hope that happens one day I would love to see it.
 Yes it definitely would have! Disney almost shut down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure. Thank goodness they didn't!
 Yeah I bet they have to blame someone! Tom Hanks must be very well loved in the movie industry as he is the highest all time box office star!
 Unreal so much money! He deserves it all! Nice chatting with you too have a wonderful day!
 Yes, But today it was common to all.
 Yeah that is true. Do you use your phone much?
 Yes, I like Phone very much. Because i like phone.
 Yeah, I wonder what it sounds like. Nice chat 
 He certainly proved himself on that game. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
 I did as well! You have a good night!
 Bye
 You should let them watch the movies.
 It was great chatting with you.
 Its a growing community, there are more fans now that there used to, I think its a good idea.
 Oh I see, do you follow Mesut Ozil? he has a big heart, he made a big donation for 23 children in Brazil.
 He has played for several teams but he plays for the German national team.
 Yeah, the one Germany won was in Brazil and he donated his bonus for winning the final.
 Football is the team sports it is called by different name in different place. But the same rule is used in every place.
 Soccer makes more money than all other sports. So mainly dream to have place in team.
 The game is played on rectangular field called pitch. Mostly teenager are very aggressive fan of the soccer.
 It is played by 250 million players in different countries. Most popular sport around the world.
 Sure! Most of the team wanted to lift the trophy. They are surely show the talent in each game. It is very interesting to watch.
 It was slang for association football. All of the interest to play it.
 The NFL has no written against female players. Women are in fact allowed to play if they met the eligibility requirement.
 Cheerleader are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already eating the same restaurant they are asked to leave it.
 NFl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record player every move.
 All the team want to win trophy so they using different strategic.
 Yeah that is very true.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 That is a whole lot, they have built a billion dollar empire. It was nice chatting with you
 I hope they can benefit from circumvention tools against their governments the same way we can against corporations.
 I'm gonna go catch up on Pokemon, now. There are over 750 episodes of it!
 That's 50 Pokemon episodes a year for 16 years straight! 
 I love Netflix. I use it all of the time. 
 it's amazing that they have 137 million subscribers world wide! And probably double that amount is watching from someones account lol.
 ohhh, I do remember hearing that. I love trivia... Like the reason Python Program was named "Python" is to honor monty python.
 I still watch Monty Python on Netflix. It's one of my favorite comedies ever!
 wooooow !! even back then the public opinion was influenced by the political satire performances.
 They definitely were. Comedy can be very powerful to public opinion when done correctly. It was nice chatting with you. Have a nice day. 
 I am, are you?
 I'm a big time user of it! lol
 I love bing watching tv series especially in the winter.  Currently I'm in the middle of arrested development.  From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.  I'm part of that 33%!  lol
 That's a great show. I would love to be paid to be one of their taggers.
 I know right?  Sign me up.  lol  Netflix and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.  So that means basically half the people that are online are watching videos.  lol
 People watch a lot of tv! There was just an article on the news app today about the last blockbuster. Ha!
 I saw that!  I wonder if that's where Reed Hastings (the guy who started netflix) racked up a $40 late fee on a copy of Apollo 13 and that inspired him to start up Netflix.
 I am not sure, but if you're hastings, wouldn't you buy that out of spite and turn it into a museum?
 Hahah That would be funny!
 He could show all 150 movies with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 lol nice.  I'm surprised that Netflix still spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth.  More specifically I'm surprised that many people are still renting dvds through the mail.
 I had no idea of that either!  Jumping back to Blockbuster....they declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million and now Netflix is worth $2 billion.  Oooops!  Wonder how Blockbuster feels about that now?  lol
 Do you mean how that one store feels? How can they miss the boat on that trend so badly? Do you remember them trying to catch up with their own mail order service?
 I do remember that.  lol  Netflix has 137 million worldwide subscribers.  They are racking in the cash.
 lol Not me!  I would be in that sharks belly before I could get close enough to tickle it!
 Heck no!  lol I have to get going.  It was great chatting with you!
 Yes, I am one of those subscribers.I love no commercials the most. I would not mind working for Netflix someday either. 
 Wow, that is a lot of money. 
 Oh wow, thats cool. I was watching Shark Week and learned that a fishing community in Indonesia keep sharks as pets! Yikes, Ill stick with cats and dogs.
 Hello!  Do you use Netflix?
 I did know that.  Big mistake on Blockbuster's part.  As of Oct. 2018 Netflix had a total of 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 That's a lot of cashola!  They have come a long way since they were founded in 1997.
 Nice.  That's actually a good story.  From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all the bandwidth in North America!
 Good idea!  Sharks have no rib cage and on land their own weight could literally crush their own body!  Maybe that will help you out a little for your paper.
 Hmm...interesting.  They evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.  So, I can see them being somewhat smart to do that.
 LOL  There's an area called the White Shark Cafe in the middle of the Pacific Ocean where great white sharks congregate.  That would be neat to see!
 Yeah, that would be really cool. If I was in a huge super safe ship!
 Yes lol  I wonder if any presidents ever went shark fishing?  The 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I'm sure JFK would have had the money to go on a fishing trip since he spent alot of time living by the Ocean.
 lol  He must have had a lot of free time on his hands.  I wonder if any of those songs would have been about the first president of Zimbabwe called President Banana.  He could have started a pop dance craze called the Banana. lol
 Funny that she shares the same nickname!  That is weird.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the vice president.  Interesting.
 That would be a real mess today for sure.  I have to get running.  It was a pleasure chatting with you today!  Hope you have an enjoyable evening! 
 Thank you, likewise! Have a good one. 
 Thanks!
 Hi, do you follow politics?
 Hello, I follow some loosely, how about you?
 I do but I get too irritated but the stupidity so I choose not to follow too much.
 Agreed. How about people strive for love and belongingness?
 I do watch netflix! Do you?
 Me too. especially during the holidays. 
 I cant believe how big Netflix is now, Im staying in Prague, Czech Republic and it's on in almost every bar here.
 really? That's nuts. Like it's a soccer game? They do account for 33% of all traffic!
 Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america!
 I am sure that holds true for Europe as well! Did you know more people are bitten by New Yorkers than by sharks?
 HA! Are you serious? More bitten by New Yorkers than sharks?
 That's great insight. It was great chatting with you!
 Hi
 Yeas it was named aftger the roman god of was as well
 Did you know they are planning to colonize mars.
 It sounds like something I could watch. If nothing else just to see what mars is like.
 Thas something they will have to get used to while living on mars huh. 
 Thats something they will need to figure out before trying to colonize I would think. 
 Yeah. You would think that is something they would have figured out as well before they actually got the thing to mars.
 I wouldnt have guessed that. 
 Is he I figured JFK or washington would have been.
 Not sure. Do you think he ever got to stay in the presidents guest house/ I hear its bigger than the white house.
 Dont think that would work now a days. Lol
 Haha, nope that was Stephen King :) I like thrillers mostly, I do like Stephen King movies, The Shining, Pet Cemetary, The green Mile.
 Haha, that's is interesting, never thought about that before! Did you know if you watch scary movies you can burn up 180 calories lol
 Haha, true :) So have ever heard or seen Paula Vogel's "How I Learned To Drive" theater show? 
 Driverless cars have a long way to go I agree. Haha, yes protection would be nice! 
 Yes, great chatting and you have a great evening!
 Yes. Nice chatting with you
 Yes that is very true. nice chat
 I like them but didn't get into them until the early 90s.  Brian May uses coins for guitar picks!
 Yes!  I think something that is amazing is he has a phd in astrophysics.  All I can say is wow!
 I liked some of his music but he was a master that's for sure.  Did you know he recorded the guitar solo for Michael Jackson's "Beat It" and when he did he set the studio speakers on fire?  That's a true story by the way.  He blew the tubes in the amps and sparked a fire.
 Yes.  Even more incredible is he did it for free as a favor for Jackson and asked nothing in return.  Anyhow...Do you know who holds the record for most smashed guitars on a tour?
 Matthew Bellamy from the band Muse holds the record.  To be quite honest I don't know who he is. LOL
 I used to when I had more time.  I thought I was supposed to get more free time the older I get but it seems like it's the opposite. lol  I thought it was interesting that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.  It was nice chatting with you this morning!
 Have a good one!
 Electric guitars are cool but nothing sounds as awesome as a plain acoustic guitar to me. Natural strings have such a rich pleasing tone.
 He is the guitarist for Queen, one of my favorite bands! My favorite Queen song is We Are the Champions.
 I do! Some of my favorite fantasies are Pirates of the Caribbean, Lord of the Rings, and Harry Potter.
 That is very true. nice chatting with you.
 I don't know. The article didn't say, and I don't really follow them.  I would sell it, though. LOL
 Yes. It's amazing that such a phenomenon can keep going, even about a quarter of a century after its leader died.
 Maybe he has one of those blood cell sized guitars in him. LOL! But I'm glad they didn't replace Jerry. I think that would have been a disaster.
 I grew up around the time that hard rock/glam metal really rows in popularity and it seems like the "harder" guitar music like that has mostly stuck with me to this day.  What about you?
 I am about 20 years before you, but I think I went from the "AOR" types (to me that is like Boston and Journey) and that became Guns N Roses and Dokken.  That said, I have gone more progressive rock/metal as I've gotten older.
 I liked Journey and I liked Boston very much. i had forgotten about Dokken; i liked them a lot.  these days i listen to a lot of Rush.
 Rush is good, but I find I either love it or loathe it.  In fact I have been listening to the Clockwork album.  By the way, I meant to say I was 20 years younger. Obviously I'm not one of those Cornell researchers that built a red-blood-cell sized guitar that is played by a laser!
 I loved Tom Sawyer, but I think after that it was there more pop-ish sounding stuff.  I gravitated to the Dream Theater types that seemed to combine that Rush/Kansas level progressive-ness with heavier rock and metal.  
 Guitarist is John Petrucci who is pretty amazing -- he's like a heavy version of Steve Morse. They are really more of a virtuoso type band.  The singer isn't my taste, but suits the band.  They have a lot of albums and have been doing this for like 25 years.
 I appreciate your comments.  i'm always interested in learning about different bands and i intend to listen to some of their stuff.  sounds very interesting.
 thanks so much. i have written down the names of the five bands you mentioned and will give them a try.  i guess Queen is sort of AOR, depends on the song.
 fascinating! now that is being creative! with Queen, i liked some of the stuff but probably not a majority.  one group i always liked a lot, and i'm showing my age, was the Byrds which included David Crosby.
 if you have a chance, just for the heck of it, try listening to some of "byrds greatest hits."  they did versions of many dylan songs but also did a lot of original material.  "turn turn turn"certainly one of their bigger hits.  i love "my back pages"
 Awesome!  Thanks for the chat.  I need to get dinner started.
 I agree, it's nice that McDonald's created them no, they did it in order to accommodate soldiers who couldn't leave their cars in their fatigues
 Haha that doesn't even make sense. And you could sit at the peak of Mt Everest and use your phone because there is 3g cell service.
 Haha agreed. Apparently only 7% of people read the terms when buying products and services on the internet. I don't really buy anything on the internet, but I don't really read the terms either haha.
 Cool. After I climb (drive up to?) Mount Everest, I'll move there and have the sickest car ever
 Hahaha and throw flames from the top. Great chat! I'm going to check out the music you mentioned before. Check out Rob Zombie!
 Will do! Also - FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE (if you're not already a fan).
 yes i know
  but the gunman appears to be firing into their classroom
 do you know Others remember watching teenage students running from Columbine High, hands placed on their heads. In the 2015 Paris attacks,
 ok
 do you know cars came into global use during the 20th century, and developed economies depend on them. 
 soon we'll have flying cars, You'll see !
 Google's self-driving cars have an "aggressive" mode
 In 2010, lou reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs.
 The foo fighters played a concert so loud it showed up on new zealand's seismic monitors
 In 1972 the band deep purple broke the world record for the loudest concert ever. three audience members were rendered unconscious.
 I wonder if Richie Blackmore was one of them ?
 The act of looking oneself up on the internet is known as "egosurfing".
 Oh, come on, admit it ! ;)
 It was good talking to you!
 lol yeah i've never heard them either but it's crazy what technology can do
 Sorry, i don't know this. Please explain me.
 This is a consensus among all. But in this we do not know what we can do?
 Sorry, I'm not sure about this. Please tell me if you know.
 Sorry, I'm not sure to say about this.
 Yes, it is very interesting topic. I like that very much. 
 Do you listen to radio programs? I like it very much. 
 Wow, that would be wild.  When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long
 Sure! I used  to love the show House, starring Hugh Laurie. Ever seen it? Great drama! 
 He  makes like $700k per episode! He must be good! Any actors that you admire?
 Wasn't that at his old high school?
 Yes it was! I don't know if you watch the office, but Ellie Kemper, who played Erin, went to the same school and was his student!
 Nice connect with his old haunt!  Ellie is a good actress too.  Great at comedy acting. Jim Carrey is a pretty good comedy actor too. Did you see him in The Mask?
 Then he should leave Hollywood for his own good. It's a tough job, acting. You really have to be self-motivated.
 Not bad, but you really know you are on the top of your game when you get a spot on Pokemon! With over 750 episodes, that's job security!
 Bart rocks! And he would agree!  One show without job security: the UK version of That 70s SHow. It was a remake of the US version, but was cancelled after only 10 episodes.
 No Academy Awards for them! Yoou know there has never been a woman nominated by the Academy for cinematography before? 
 It's gotta be. Hollywood is so chock full of women, it is hard to believe otherwise!
 It could be worse. The cinematographer for the movie Spartacus won an Academy Award, but he is rememberd because he was not allowed by the director to do his job. He will forever be known as the winning loser!
 Drama is the specific mode of performance which is performed in theatre, television or radio.
 I agree. So are you a fan of the Sopranos at all?
 Yeah.
 Who played Tony Soprano at the Sopranos show?
 James Gandolfini plays the role of Tony Soprano it is the american crime drama was created by David chase.
 How many Emmy's did the show earn?
 21 Emmys.
 It is widely regarded as one the best television serial of all time. It won many awards 21 prime time emmy awards, five golden globe awards and peabody awards for first two season.
 Chase and Konner's screenplay inserts the Soprano family into this real world drama. It about the gangsters of each group.
 After the second world war, the Television is improved into black and white. Television earns very biggest revenue through ads.
 I agree. Television has come a long way. Now almost every household has an LED TV.
 Now LED is replaced by OLED displays and plasma displays with HD quality.
 Yeah!! That is true. I love how television has evolved over the years. Its only going to get better.
 In early stage, transition on analog signals, but today transition in digital signals is expected to be completed in worldwide.
 I believe that to be the case as well. It was nice chatting with you today. Thanks!!!
 You have a great day as well!!! Bye
 Thank you as well.
 I have seen the movie Schindler's List. It's actually really good in my opinion, the cinematographer for that movie did a great job
 I am!  I used to really love watching House.
 He is.  Hugh Laurie...he earned $700,000 per episode!
 Probably big money. lol  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  Good for him.  I would do the same thing if I was in that position.
 Yes.  Would't that be nice?  I can only imagine.
 How interesting is that!  I would like to check out the website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio drama episodes for free.  I have to find it though.  lol
 I'm sure.  Are you familiar with the actor Michael Caine?
 Yes!  he became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.  That's great!  lol
 You're right!  Did you know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated Thomas the Tank for at least 52 episodes each?
 I agree.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Same here, I hope you have a great day!
 Poor Kenny always got killed. When they aired their Family Guy episode the Simpson's crew sent them flowers. 
 I don't really recall it either. Nice chatting!
 yeah must be fun!  
 He wasn't called President Banana,  his name was Canaan Banana lol 
 Np. Did you know Helena Bonham Carter is related to the Pm during wwi?  That is awesome!  I love her she is an amazing actress!
 Same here!  She has a unique style of acting!  
 Yeah she does for sure, and most of the movies that she is in are pretty good too so that helps. 
 did you know a man in france successfully sold the eiffel tower twice!!!!!  Crazy!!!
 That's a great question. I do not think Clinton and Trump would've been a good combo. But that's just my opinion. I just tell myself we are lucky that we don't have a dictator.
 Well he personally values his own name as like 4 billion lol. But I think he's a billionaire based on his real estate holdings alone. The other three don't crack a billion even after adjustments for inflation.
 Hahahaha nicely done. I have no idea either. It's interesting the runner up used be the VP in the US. I kind of like that
 Not going to lie.... I would watch. Their debates were awesome TV. That's the thing with Trump, I don't like him, but he's funny so he gets away with it. He cracked me up the other day when he called Tim Cook, the CEO from Apple, "Tim Apple"
 I learned about the legislative, executive, and judiciary branches in school. It's a great checks and balances system.
 Probably. He doesn't have musical talents like the Indonesian president though. His pop music is pretty good!
 lol well its been nice chatting. 
 Acceptable answer, but was looking for "smooth operator"!
 That is the most awesome thing I have heard today. Even more than why the trunk of a car is called a trunk (old ones used to have wooden trunks on the back).
 HA! Right? I would keep one or two though. Wouldn't you? I am not sure my wife would let me though.
 Ditto. I don't have the discretionary income to build a barn full of expensive cars. I don't have the income to build a barn let alone fill it up with cars.
 In my younger days, I would go to a bar and make the spelling bee a drinking game with a few of my friends. We were dorks.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hi there.  Did you know that Ford made the first car available to the masses in 1908 and it was the Model T?
 I'm not sure I know in 1886 German inventor Karl Benz patented this Benz Patent-Motorwagen.
 lol  Yes. Do you know how the backs of cars became to be known as trunks?
 Neat!  I wonder why they had to make a new horn?  I figured a horn is a horn.  lol  In the old days, cars used to carry wooden trunks on them...hence the name trunk.
 Interesting.  Had no idea.  The car brand Cadillac was named after the French explorer who was the founder of Detroit - Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac.
 lol  I'll have to remember that.  Gives me some good knowledge to chit chat with people at work.  I didn't know that McDonalds didn't have drive-thru's until 1975.  
 I agree.  I've spent soooo much money over the years going through those.  lol  Did you know that it's legal in South Africa to have flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking?  Whoa.
 He hit the jackpot!  Did you hear about Jann Mardenborough who became a professional race driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo?
 Takes skills that I don't have that's for sure! lol  It was nice chatting with you!
 Have you ever dialed a wrong number that turned out to be a dolphin? Apparently, they can communicate over the phone!
 The sound a lot like a fax machine...but those underwater cables must have been crossed.  Sounds like fantasy!
 Fantasy draft sounds like that cold breeze that causes the hair on your neck to stand up while watching Lord of the Rings! You know, the Return of the King was the only fantasy film to win an Academy Award?
 Ah, but can you major in Pratchett in college?  There is a university where you can major in fantasy with a concentration in Tolkien studies. 
 And with puppets too! Did you ever watch Jim Henson's, The Dark Crystal?
 I loved it! It's got such a vivid universe.
 Reminds me of Hans Christian Anderson's dark tales to spook your children!
 Yeah, and one fold too many, and you are a Tinder butcher. Nice chatting with you!
 I do not think that you  can finish all of those episodes in one night but good luck! Have you watched any episodes of pokemon yet?
 Out of those jobs, one of the highest paying ones was when he was the CEO of a nuclear energy company, although it did not last long.
 I am sure that he would have a lot less midlife crises. Do you watch anime? (so are you a weeb?)
 Mount Everest is no longer a challenge to climb. You can pay a few thousand dollars to get help to climb up there!
 You too, thank you for this chat!
 Oh wow I didn't know that! Makes me happy to hear that though!
 It was great talking to you!
 As we text, yes. I'm not a transhumanist or anything. Like, I don't think I'll be uploading my consciousness to a thumb drive anytime soon, but I use a computer. You?
 Siri told me that once. Nag, nag, nag... I told her that she requires a battery, but the Russians made a computer that runs on water. She responded. "Not bad considereing that even Jesus only walked on water"
 Some minds require more memory than others. I could get away with just using an old floppy disk for mine. After all, The space shuttle.s entire general operating computer requires only 1mb.
 Ah, but could yo use it to stream video from the internet? What good is a computer if it cannot play at least some of those 750 episodes of Pokemon?
 Yeah. Contrast that with the UK remake of That 70s Show, which was cancelled after 10 shows.
 No, but I did see the South Park Family Guy finale--the one that the Simpsons producers applauded by sending the SP folks flowers!
 Not personally. I did watch when Ringo Starr was the narrator, but not later when George Carlin or Alec Baldwin narrated. How about you?
 Nice. When my kids were young, we did not let them watch the Simpsons out of fear they would get schooled by Bart in the fine art of trouble making. Kind of like in the 1800s when there wasa moral panic about the menace of reading...
 4700 words per minute. It was nice chatting with you.
 It was great talking to you!
 For a change of subject to something less grim, did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon?
 Ha ha, I had no idea. I used to love that show. 
 hi there! how are you doing ?
 those halloween episodes were always good. always a surprise
 what is is even more crazy and almost makes no sense is The space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram.
 I have actually and internet is just a part of life now I guess. Nice chatting with you.
 COnstantly, unfortunately. I'd consider Burger King's offer to get a free WHopper by unfriending 10 people if I liked Burger King.
 Wow, that seems unnecessary. I wonder if they've done the Benny Hill theme song?
 That's a tough call.  I've seen them replace workers at my job so I'm not a fan from that aspect of it.  However a robot can debone a chicken with surgical precision!
 I don't know if I would trust it.  lol  The US military uses an xbox360 controller to control one of their eod robots.  I don't even know what an eod robot is!  haha
 I have no idea.  Robots can be controlled by using rat brains.  The robot will change personality depending on which brain is used.  That is creepy.
 Hahha that's great!  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  
 I don't know...I'm curious to find out.  The US presidents guest house is larger than the White House.  I wonder if president Banana ever stayed there?  If he had met the president of Indonesia he might have inspired a song.  "Do the Banana" dance. lol
 Supposedly it's a fact that it's bigger.  Maybe one of the wealthiest presidents who were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson helped pay for it.
 I'm not sure.  I think he got a lot of land and money offered to him when he became the general of the army during the revolutionary war.  I could be wrong though.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.  That wouldn't fly in this day and age.
 Interesting.  I didn't think of him. Good catch!  On a side note and to end on something positve.  The Norwegian government donated 1 billions dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That was pretty good to see don't you think?
 Yes.. Absolutely and U are star wars fan?
 Ok..I am also Star wars fan
 oh...yes you said true..I know
 yes..I read their books. You read their books.
 oh...good. But I like read books.
 My favorite book Harry potter. 
 I like Chamber of Secrets.
 Yes..you are right. 
 It's Harry's third year at Hogwarts. Do you know?
 Their second year of magical education. 
 I'm just glad robots can debone a chicken with surgical precision.  My cooking just got alot easier. Lol
 Exactly!  I'm glad we share the same viewpoint on that.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Yes, we used to watch it all the time but not recently. I really liked some of the experiments and thought some of them were crazy.
 I really don't remember that but I'm not surprised. Many actors wouldn't like the idea that a machine could do their job, but I agree that they might be better than a human host. We might get a lot more episodes recorded that way!
 For some people I know, rat brains would be an improvement... Some robots can debone a chicken better than me.  Maybe I could use those rat brains too!
 That's OK. We still have Will Smith to beat back the robots. Although if Michael Jackson had his way, we would have a 50-foot tall moon walking robot roaming Nevada. I am not sure even Will Smith could have that...
 It's a real shame Michael never got around to building that. It would probably still be a great tourist attraction today. He probably would have wanted to control it with a video game gamepad. The US military uses xbox 360 controllers to control an eod robot.
 That's what they say, but I think they are really using those things to play xbox. I wonder if Craig Ferguson uses one to control his robot, Geoff Peterson? We'll have to ask the dude from mythbusters that built it... 
 Those guys could probably build a lifelike robot. I wonder how much longer until Robots walk among us. I saw people are referring to Theresa May as Maybot lol.
 Nice. But why would anyone construct that face? You would think that if the Norwegian Government can donate $1 billion to save the rainforest, that Germany could afford to build a more attractive robot.
 True. But I think the real reason Michael Jackson never built that root was because 86% of Nevada is owned by the US government, so there would be too much land to moonwalk around...
 That's our government in action. It finds the most desolate, undeveloped, unihabitable wasteland and says, "We gotta own this!"  Hey, maybe we can get that french dude who sold the eiffel tower to come over and sell the Nevada desert for us?
 That's "huge" ! Did you read that on Wikileaks? Did you read their other story about the Government's plan to destroy Wikileaks? That is one huge leak!
 You know who else was adjusted for inflation? The first President of Zimbabwe, the honorable President Banana!  He was an inflatable banana.
 His opponent was named Spinach. Most people would choose a banana over spinach. I wonder if he was a singing Banana, like that President of Indonesia, who produced 3 pop albums while in office?
 Hah, I would guess he ruled with an iron fist. I read that about the Indonesian president, I thought it was a joke, turns it out's real and the albums are not bad either! 
 You are pretty good yourself! Nice chatting with you! I would vote for you for President!
 Nice!  There's a ton of great Canadian artists!  Especially rock and hard rock.  Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up and heard on AM radio.  That's neat!
 I would love to hear that, along with the news program that is entirely in Latin.
 I've read about that station.  They've broadcasted that weekly since 1989, which is the year I graduated high school ironically. lol
 Nice.  That would really tickle my ears to hear those!  Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios by using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode.  They were called foxhole radios.
 That's awesome!  I don't mind some of the country music...more the old style traditional country.  The new country music just sounds like pop music to me.  There are only 2 African Americans in the country music hall of fame.
 What are the odds of that?  Henry Ford wasn't a country fan.
 No he wasn't lol
 I don't but wish I could because I would love to give a child a day of clean water in exchange for every minute I'm not on my cell phone.
 That's a lot of power in our pockets. lol  Do you still use phone books?  It's impossible to seperate 2 phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together.  I don't use them anymore but they keep dropping them off all the time.
 Yes they are!  lol  The cables carrying phone and internet data across the oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.  Someday a lobster is going to be the cause of the next big internet and phone outage. 
 LOL It's been fun!  Nice chatting!  Have a great day!
 U2 is a rock band.  However, they performed country music shows in Texas in 1987.  They sang in disguise and were introduced as some other people (the dalton brothers).
 I did not know that.  I would like to listen to them - I like the word "free" too.
 I like free programs, but in Latin?  I do not think so.  It is a difficult language.
 I will research further about it.  I've got to run now.  It was really nice chatting with you.  Good night.
 Time does cause us to forget things. I have seen photos of families sitting around a radio listening to radio dramas in the days before TV. Apparently there's a website were you can listen to 1000's of episodes of them for free.
 Speaking of empire, Henry Ford didn't stop with making the first Model T cars in America. He helped make country music popular by funding it. But it was because he was afraid of jazz music taking over. Ha!
 Surely someone did! I think country music is popular because it started as a combination of popular songs, Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes, English Ballads, cowboy songs and other songs from immigrants. It's really a melting pot.
 Do you like South Park or the Simpsons?
 Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama, 700000 per episode of House
 The actor? Yes.
 I was aware of that, one of his students was on the office.
 Absolutely.  Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in house
 Yeah, I was checking out some South Park the other day.
 I think it had something to do with the Family Guy. Anyway, when Bart's involved anything's possible.
 Yeah...better to do the UK version of the 70's show. Only 10 episodes
 Hah. Yeah, they should've mixed it up. Like make it into a drama: a play, opera, mime, etc
 Well Eminem's got a lot of Oscars, so you never know.
 Yeah, its like "The 70s Show" and "Days Like These".
 It started out as just an awards dinner!
 Ahh...that's why he was on my mind. Maybe it was at Walt Disney's house.
 Cool. I bet the Emmy's want an invite. They nominated the Oscars for an Emmy 9 times.
 Yeah...Family guy is on. Take care
 Hahaha, thank you, I am glad that you knew. Well, it seems that it paid off to be selling liquor then. Would be like selling drugs now?
 Hahaha my ex husband would had loved it, lol, do you like to make purchases in Amazon?
 Yes, for 27 dlls, cool! I would had prefered to have packages delivered to my door for free per life, I didnt know that Ali Baba is richer than Amazon.
 Well, I highly recommend it to you, I was reading about Juana the Crazy, Queen of Spain and they  mentioned the Alhambra and the song that she was listening, and it makes you feel more into it. Nice to meet you, giving you an excellent.
 Surely. But the power remain same and their duty also some what same. Mainly they want to uplift the life of the people.
 There i a president that has  a number of pop albums, probably not the usual method to uplift people.
 The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana.
 Its ok. Amazon is the biggest online retailer and selling the product any part of the world. Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos in 1994.
 The amazon website started as the online book store later they started selling DVD and than other products. Today amazon is the largest internet retailer is measured by its revenue and market capitalization
 It is ok. Amazon produces consumer electronic products like e-reader, fire tablets and echo devices, and largest provider of the cloud infrastructure services.
 I tend to watch all my TV through their Prime service now, so much cheaper than cable.
 They are moving to next technology and they are more compete to Netflix.
 They are pillar of the amazon. Hardworking people are needed for the success of the company.
 True.  I suppose it keeps you fit and slim by working their, a secondary benefit as well and the pay.
 Amazing. Do you watch Fox news ?
 I know, right. I also really like IMDB and that's actually owned by Amazon. I just recently read about it.
 The last thing I got from Amazon was for the kitchen, but isn't it amazing that you can get something as small as jewelry to something as large as furniture through them?
 Very true! I heard they started selling books. The most interesting thing is downloading or streaming music...Amazon is literally selling a non material or physical item for money!
 Yes! The same kind of with the first sale on Amazon which was for the buyer to have a building named after him.
 That is true. Even though Google owns it now, I'll forever be thankful to the original three creators who were actually former PayPal employees.
 True. One of my favorites is the bad lip reading of the NFL. For there only being 11 minutes of live gameplay per game, they sure manage to get a good video from the clips every season
 Agreed. From PSY's Gangham Style to Lipizzaner horses being born black/brown and turning white six years later. It offers a wealth of information!
 Me too.  Out of the 32 NFL teams though do you have a favorite one?  I like the Browns.
 I actually like the AZ Cardinals too.  My uncle has lived in Scottsdale in the 80s and in the late 90s moved to Chandler where he has lived since then.  So I follow the Cards because of that.  I love the Diamondbacks too!  On another football note....did you know that there's no written rule against female players playing in the NFL?
 That's pretty neat.  I'll have to ask my cousins and see if they know.  Does Alice Cooper still have Cooperstown out there?  That was a neat place.  There is actually only 11 minutes of live gameplay per NFL game.  Kind of short and they stretch it out to 3 hours.  I would rather spend those 3 hours watching baseball.  lol
 Aw man.  That stinks.  I was hoping to go back there one day.  He had one for a very short time in Cleveland around 15 or so years ago.  Do you go to a lot of spring training games or just go to watch practices?  I bet that's awesome!  I do follow the spring training games on youtube when I can find them on there.  I also watch the Arizona Fall League on there.
 Being the degenerate seamhead that I am - I watch as much baseball as possible, mostly on MLB.TV, but I am going to a Cubs-Rockies game on Thursday afternoon and then a Dback's game the following weekend.  It's awesome to be in the middle of Cactus League! 
 You're lucky.  I also have MILB.TV  I've became a huge minor league fan as well the last few years.  Love to follow the guys from the low levels and watch them on the way up.  Do you use youtube?  Together with Netflix they make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 Yes. I watch a lot of sports on it as well as entrepreneur videos and business inspirational/motivational videos.  I wish I would have created it.  It was started on Feb. 2005 
 It was created by 3 PayPal employees and they sold it to Google in Nov. of 2006 for $1.65 billion dollars!  Not too shabby for a company that was just a little over a year and a half old.  That's why I said I wish I had created it. lol  Then I would be down in Arizona going from training camp to training camp.  LOL
 Yes. I believe that's where he made all his money as well.  I think he made some money from the 1.5 billion that ebay paid for paypal.  He also had some other businesses that he grew and sold as well.  But, that was where the bulk of his money came from.  Do like horses at all?
 Nice.  I had horses growing up.  I was reading something about Clint Eastwood where it said he developed a mid-life allergy to horses.  Kind of interesting because of all those Westerns he did.  Speaking of Westerns have you ever been down to old Tucson?  Didn't it burn a number of years ago?  I remember going there in the early 80s and they were filming a Little house on the prairie spinoff called Father Murphy.
 Nice!  It's been fun chatting with you!  Have fun going to those games!  I'm jealous!  Have a good one!
 I know!  Still, the sun makes up most of the mass of our solar system. It really makes you rethink images of the solar system that you see on tv and such when you think about that!
 When I think of what you said earlier about it being smaller than other stars I really wonder just how big those stars are!
 I haven't read it either but the movie was fantastic!  I heard about it being suggested reading and now I want to see the movie again to find out why.
 You as well!
 She is so good she can basically sell herself (in reference to her books that is) lol
 I DID NOT KNOW THAT. THANKS FOR TELLING ME
 REALLY? ME NEITHER. THAT IS AMAZING 
 speaking of fun facts the sun is nearly a perfect sphere of hot plasma
 DID YOU KNOW THAT The sun is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering?
 AMAZING. I LOVE THAT FACT
 I root for the Dolphins because I am from Florida. I would love to see some women play, given that they can play if they meet eligibility requirements. 
 I would assume that it's equal opportunity. There can't be too much to watch, given there is only 11 minutes of gameplay.
 I know! I wait all year for the NFC and AFC to play the first sunday of February for the superbowl! Did you watch this year?
 I think that is a good strategy for keeping everyone focused on the game. They can play video games in their spare time instead! The 3d images of today are impressive and quite an art form!
 That should keep planetary average down to the 3 billion hours we are at now!
 My favorite game is toy story. Woody is voiced by the brother of tom hanks.
 Good morning! How are you today? I'm just hanging out for the day. Do you like sports?
 That's cool, but I imagine the career of an NFL player is a lot shorter.
 I played when I was younger. Can you believe that it is illegal for kids 16 and under in South Korea to play video games pat midnight.
 I loves Sesame Street. I don't remember her being on though.
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm good, thanks for asking.  I like video games, I started out playing on an old Atari 2600 system back in the day, that I still have in my closet!
 Well, I bet it's something juicy, for sure!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this evening.  Have a good night, friend!
 Wonder if there was a big difference in the shows, maybe people liked the actors, I think most of the actors are all pretty famous now, like Ashton Kutcher. 
 Oh my goodness, thousands of dollars?! I think I'm familiar with that one, that is horrible, I hope the event creators went to jail or something for their crimes. I think I prefer indoor concerts more than outdoor ones like at arenas or amphitheaters, I think there's better audio systems.
 The simpsons have sure had quite the impact on tv over the years.  Well, it was good speaking with you.
 Usually during the playoffs and World Series. I do like going to games though in person. I heard Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling was invited to join his teammates at a reunion event at Fenway. 
 I meant to say Wasn't invited! Haha. Yea it was to celebrate the 2004 run by the Red Sox, famous for Schilling's bloody sock, which made schilling a folk hero among fans. 
 There are several theories as to why he wasn't invited -- one being that his personal views do not match those of the Sox, since Schilling is now a far-right provocateur. Also, there are rumors that he lied to Sox management about injuries. 
 Actually, sort of the opposite. He may have lied so he COULD play. Did you know the Women's World Cup had higher ratings than the World Series int he US? Crazy. 
 I love soccer. Only sport I really watch anymore. During the 1992 World Series, the Marine Corps color guard carries the Canadian flag into the stadium upside down. Ouch. 
 Yeah, the Cubs were the first team to sin back-to-back world series, but haven't won it since. 
 Hahaha. That is insane. The 1926 World Series ended in Game 7 when Babe Ruth got caught trying to steal. 
 Yeah, I agree. Also iconic -- Thomas Jefferson, JFK and George Washington, who were the three wealthiest presidents in US history. 
 That's a really good point. Also interesting -- the president's guest house is actually bigger than the White House. Who knew?
 I was thinking the same thing. It used to be that the runner up in a presidential election became Vie President. Can you imagine Hillary Clinton as Trump's VP? Haha. 
 She probably could have been one of the greatest players. Well thanks for chatting, I learned a lot today.
 Hey how's it going? Do you have any pets? I really want to get a dog. They were the first animal species to be domesticated!
 Yeah they really do a lot. Very cool. Apparently google specifically states they are a dog company, I could definitely work there!
 Hello and I think it might be unamerican not to  lol 
 I agree and with today's more transparent information reporting even President can't get too political
 Who knew we could solve  the world problems ... more surprising that the Japanese learning that baseball was American's National pastime
 yes thank you for all the smiles!!!!
 you too
 Yes very true. But there have been some great albums, like The Dark Side of The Moon!
 That's true. 40 years later and it is still one of the best selling albums of 2014. Dark side of Oz? Never listened to that.
 That sounds like it could be pretty cool I might have to try that! I saw wizard of oz on tv once. It was good but I prefer that 70's show!
 Yes I am sure there is some sort of continuous story line! I would hope at least. Simpsons is a great show no doubt. Bart is my favorite character and he was in every episode I think.
 Right!  Well it has been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Oh, wow! That's a lot.I also like to watch SNL. I especially love the Weekend Update skit that aired on the very first episode and has been on since. I like to see the actors try and maintain composure.
 Yes, must be huge! Glad they changed the rules for vice president in 1805.
 Same here, have a good one
 I have two: Gunner and Ruger! I think domesticated dogs are the best pet to have! 
 I think the US should do as Istanbul does and have a vending machine of food and water for all the strays. What an amazing idea! 
 Ha, well I wasn't but that could work!!
 That would require more players.   Maybe adding some women.  Do you know if the rules allow that?
 That must be difficult.  What do they call their "big game"?  I know it was played a few weeks back.
 I heard that. The NFL has embraced technology and uses chips for lots of things!
 Baseball, on the other hand is much more old-fashioned.
 True.  Good thing he wasn't Canadian and a fan of kickball - called soccer-baseball up there.
 Which city do the Cubs compete in?
 Yep, battle of little bighorn. When they won the World Series in 2016 they said that 5 million people came out to the streets to celebrate. What fun!
 Funny stuff!   Thanks for the chat.   I'm going to go count my fingers, since I heard the cubs have had pitchers with 4, 6 and the usual 5 during their history!
 Ha ha.  Good chatting with you too.
 I would assume so. I wish my company allowed dogs. They bring a fun environment to work.
 I also like that it encourages you to recycle. 
 Hi, I am well. How about you?
 You are right! These shows usually have soundtracks, and I think rap is a great genre. Do you?
 Rap is very interesting because it includes speech, prose, poetry, and singing. It is amazing.
 Even Koreans have developed a new form of rap called compliment battle. Rap is no doubt a global trend!
 I do not think I would want to be a president known as president banana!
 That is funny! I grew up in Southern California so we would have had the same problems if that were a law where I live. 
 You are correct, other then Vegas and the Hoover dam, it's a whole lot of nothing. Did you know that the white house guest house is larger than the white house? Now that house is in an area with a lot to see and do!
 I think he would read one of his own books on tape and be a voice over artist. Haha! That would be really neat if one of our presidents released a pop album, no matter how good or bad it may be. 
 yes, I agree there. I want to despair and then I read something like that and think, "There's hope!".
 Same, this is a major issue for me. It is truly terrifying that according to scientists we only have 12 years to fix the irreversible damage that is being done to our planet. 
 I think that is the perfect way to end this conversation, MC hammer and Aladdins pants! Good talking to you, nice to hear a like minded voice!
 Cheers! Thanks for a pleasant and thoughtful conversation. 
 Cheers!
 lol good plan, well watch out for the fly and flies and keep a lookout for illegal pants haha
 Hi, how are you?
 I agree. I think there needs to be an opening of minds so that there is not so much hate.
 I know a goverment agency that uses goats all the time. It is for a nature center so it makes sense. Glad google is being responsible though.
 Me too! Nice chatting with you!
 Well, take care! Great chat, and be careful about your FB time!
 Thanks. Have a good day! 
 Bye!
 I haven't used it in years and missed out on getting a free Whopper by unfriending 10 people on Facebook.  Gotta love Burger King's promotion there.
 seems like it. nice chatting with you
 Thanks for the info. I'll have to get those. Utube is my favorite video place to go to. I especially like the documentaries.
 Oh. Well either way it's a lot. Do you like Justin Bieber?
 I am not a Bielivber!
 Good pun. Me either. Some guy who had the same name was banned from facebook. Poor guy is a double loser.
 Same here. Have a good evening.
 :)
 Exactly, how times have changed. Nice chatting with you.
 Pink Floyd played it safe by playing to an empty theater, no fears of litigation there.
 My wife loves Pink Floyd, she saw them once play in London at a venue called Earls Court.  The place was not empty then, she was with 20,000 other people.
 She goes with Roger Waters, not keen on something like See Emily Play.  The last real concert I saw was in Pittsburgh about two years back, saw The National.
 That's a relief, conversations can get very sticky when politics gets involved.  I too am no fan of the wall, Waters had the right idea when they tear it down later in the show.
 I wonder what would happen if we did go back to that.  Well it's been nice talking with someone who knows early Pink Floyd lol, have a nice day!
 There should have been a lawsuit! :) I never thought tech schools had good football teams.
 I think I would prefer to be a bowler. They don't get the injuries or protests. Just beer.
 lol, at least then you would be in official business attire in hawaii right.
 That's funny. They should it worked well for tennis shoes. 
 That makes sense, I heard a guy tried to avoid the bagging charge at in airport by wearing 70 item of clothing. That's a little too much.
 I don't see why not, people have won awards for much less impressive deeds.  It's become so associated with the sport while watching on tv, I would say it was deserved.
 Yeah, I agree with you.  Do you know he never fumbled a ball his entire career?  That's what needs an award.
 Right, he takes the risk and does an amazing thing.  It is funny to think that soccer has more fans and makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined.
 I've heard of German Soccer player, Mesut Ozil only because he donated hos 300,000 Euro World Cup victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil.
 True again, lots of running.  Gets the heart pumping.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.  I need to go walk my dog, I'll talk to you later, friend.
 Ha ha well I guess they didn't live long enough to get mesothelioma. I want to live in Hawaii because the official business attire is the aloha shirt!
 I never knew that. But yeah apparently the polo shirt was later adopted by polo players and hence got its name. It was so good talking with you today I hope you have a good evening.
 hey, im having a really good day what about you?
 I guess its 250ish years old, so kind of old but not really, what do you think?
 yup I agree, this says republicans and democrats have had annual baseball games since 1909, and republicans are leading by 3, which I think is interesting
 ya that is crazy, kind of like the first woman voting in 1916, seems so long ago but not really
 ah I must have misread, ya that is really messed up it worked out that way, also how until 1804 the runner up would become the vice president, imagine the struggling because the VP does almost nothing
 haha ya they would, almost seems interesting though, like I would love to see a tv show based on those two sharing power somehow haha
 not lately, although I usually go to lollapalooza every year, I didn't go this year, what about you?
 ah it takes place in chicago, it has like 4 huge stages and different artists are playing at all times, lots of young people but I like it its a fun environment
 no I haven't but I've heard good things, how was that?
 I did know about that, i think i read the top 3 most wealthy were washington, jeffereson, and jfk, which shocked me that trump wasnt on there, but I think they're adjusting for inflation
 thanks you too!
 doing good. How bout you.
 What is it exactly.
 I still dont know. I think Trump is right about alot of the things he says. If that makes me a demagogue then I guess I am.
 I wonder who holds that distinction.
 I know JFK was pretty wealthy.
 Sounds like a good man to know. Lol
 Why is that.
 I think it is big enough. 
 That sounds like you have it all planned out
 you to
 bye
 No problem. I cannot imagine Trump as a popstar LOL. I wonder if he has ever met the Indonesian president?
 I did not know that. Well, it was great chatting with you. 
 I believe he did. Did you know that steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack?
 I loved that movie and the soundtrack.
 Yes big time! Did you happen to catch the superbowl?
 I watched but I completely understand you getting distracted with the party it was basically a punt contest 
 I have always believed college players put alot more heart into the game since they aren't doing it for money
 Are you a fan of hockey at all?
 I do attend the games sometimes but too crazy of a fan. I mean Canada is just on the other side of the country and they are big on that.
 Canadians are the kings of hockey they were born to play on that ice
 Summer of 1932. Have you ever heard of Wayne Gretzky
 Thats amazing thanks for an great chat today
 Same here. Have a great day.
 I too, have been to alot of concerts. They've seem to tour my area. The last one I went to before christmas was Rod Stewart.
 I do too! I have seen the Stones a few times in amphitheaters, with fireworks at the end The whole thing is fun!
 Have a good night!
 Daft Punk had a large hand in the Tron soundtrack.
 Yes they have but I think a more interesting negotiation is the man in France who sold the Eiffel Tower not 1but 2 times.  Hire that man for sales position.
 It might be worth more than the 86% of the land that is owned by the US govnerment on the state of Nevada.
 ya that would make an interesting movie, I guess the president of Indonesia created some pop albums while he was serving in office, Trump making a pop release would be nuts
 Yeah thats what I was wondering, Like if JFK, Jefferson and Washington were more rich than him, it must be because it is adjusted for inflation, I wonder how much they are worth when that is adjusted, Washington and Jefferson had huge estates and slaves so they were probably worth a ton I would imagine
 Music is amazing. I think it would be the best to go to concerts of some of my favorite bands. 
 The soundtrack to JAWS.  Did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in it. Funny, funny stuff.
 Yes, a big name helps a lot.  Speaking of big names, the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  I hope he was the tops.
 He was really aPEALling to his voters.
 that's wild, I will be watching it but I don't really follow football, the Patriots should only give the ball to Green-Ellis he's never fumbled the ball in his whole career haha
 mmmm have you tried crocodile? They actually are related to birds more closely than lizards, and I can tell you that they do taste like chicken haha
 Same here
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm doing well. How about you?
 Very well, thaks. Did you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues. Why do you think that is?
 Yeah. They are still with the company today. Sergi and ... I forget the second guy. I would recognize the name. A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon
 Yeah, I didn't read far enough down... My fault. Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road
 That's good of them! 
 Nice chatting with you...
 Hi, how are you?
 I used to play trumpet but stopped... Too much time and I sucked at it. Nice chatting with you!
 Thanks.
 I know! did you know this about Google? A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon. boogles the mind!
 Me Too! I think the idea is to be green. On 16th august 2013 google went down for about five minutes, and took 40% of web traffic with it. 40!
 They are. One huge conglomerate really. Does anyone still use a telephone book? It is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together!
 They get great reviews on Employee satisfaction.  Larry Page has been running the company since 1998
 They are known for a very good benefits package as well as solid compensation.
 Well I hope you have a good day.  Goodbye
 Hello!  Yes I do!  I haven't listened to any classic rado dramas thorugh lately.
 The last time I listened to Nuntil Latini was back in 1989, which is ironically when a Finnish radio station started broadcasting it.
 I would say so.  Probably the same amount of people who go looking for the website where you can listen to thousands of free classic radio dramas.
 Ahh...you got what I was saying. I hit enter before I was done. lol  Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
 Ugh It's doing that again? Ok.  I'll go fast then like when I used to have a rotary phone and had to dial fast.
 Yes.  lol  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 LOL  The cables carrying phone and internet data across the oceaons are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.  That's a lot of cable!
 Yes for sure.  An iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.  That's a lot of bang for something that fits in your pocket.
 Ha!  I'm going to be like Eddie Van Halen when he set the studio speakers on fire recording the guitar solo for Beat It... so I'm going to beat it now.  Just beat it.  lol   It was fun.
 Have a good one!
 Good afternoon to you. Do you use Google very often?It was founded in 1998.
 I recently read that Google figures out traffic patterns based on how fast the phones are moving around in the world!  I think that is kind of fun to visualize!  It amuses me.
 That really gets my goat!  ha ha ha.  That is so cute.  I wonder if Google did that to make themselves seem more personable, quirky, friendly...something like that. 
 I love to play games, mostly word games, I am wordy type of person, a reader, a lifelong learner, at least I hope so.  The technologies available give me absolutely stunning, beautiful games on my phone and my home computer.
 Yes very cool!I think the Mercedes brand is prestigous because their creator is known as the inventor of the modern car! It was great chatting with you today.
 Nope I definitely can't. My phone is in my car and everywhere I go! Have a good one thanks again for the chat :) Bye!
 Yes, you've really got no choice if you want to live in the modern world.  Bye to you - thank you!
 Hi! Are you an animal lover?
 Oh, yes. I love just about any multicellular eukaryotic organism that is not a parasite!
 Who counted them?  That's a lot of fingers and toes!  Not that all animals have toes... Animals range in size, morphology, and shoe size...
 That must be why I started going grey shortly and getting married.  I would say I am a typical animal, within the range of 8 microns to 33 meters in size. You?
 What is your prefered method to eradicate hiccups, or are saying it is hopeless endeavor?  I remember when I was a blastula, I did not hiccup...
 Some call the study of animals zoology. I call it politics. But yeah, I follow politics...
 Nice. Hooked on polka?  The first  President of Zimbabwe  was called President Banana. When I first read that, I thought it was a derogatory label. Now that I know that most politicians are meat eaters, I think it might be an attempt at avoiding being eaten by the fellow politicians...
 That would make a nice reality show. Did yo know that every president that has had a beard has been a republican? And that Hillary was the president of the young republican's club in college?
 Yeah, he didn't want to be associated with a symbol for the republicans.  That would probably be true of Hilliary too.
 I am red, white and blue. Republicans and democrats are generally copnsidered either red or blue.
 The bible says to God, one day is as 1 thousand years. That is why it just seems like so much longer!  Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah that is a lot . Very nice chatting with you
 I know a little and that's a lot of land!  Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks. lol
 Yes.  Someone needs to be a watchdog.  A man in France impersonated a government official, and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower not once, but twice!  whoa!
 lol  In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That's a nice thing to see.
 I agree.  The first patent for a car was issued in 1886 to Karl Benz.  Didn't know they were working on them that early.
 The Model T came out in 1908 and was the first car available to the masses.
 They sure have.  The car brand Cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine de la mothe Cadillac who also founded Detroit.
 I don't think I know that story.
 How interesting!  The trunks of cars are called that because in the old cars people used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them.
 I wouldn't want to live there.  That would be scary if they fell into the wrong hands.  It's been fun chatting!
 Have a great day too!
 Maybe a little of both... I will admit that when I commute, I may open a bottle of wine at 4:30...
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
 Me too. Been in a good mood so hopefully this will be fun!
 I hope I won't ruin it :)
 No, my corny jokes will. Did you know, Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks.
 Agreed. 86% of the land in nevada is owned by the us government
 No. Been a few places but not in a while. I need to go west. I am from Chicago and the pavement is not the same...
 HA! Speaking of gray and gloomy... So if you had the opportunity to go anywhere and live, where would it be?
 That's easy :) Norway ! Cool fresh air, great health care and education, beautiful sights :) You ?
 Norway? That's shocking... Have you ever been? Do you travel a lot? what's keeping you from moving now? Me: Somewhere warm like the Gulf of Mexico side of FL
 I haven't been but I actually did a lot of research and some of my friends moved there. I can't go now, I got two kids where first is in collage now and the other will be in two years, but once they are independent...  it's open season for daddy ;)
 Nice. I think you'll really enjoy it. Are your friends happy there?
 Yes, we are originally from Poland so we love cold weather and it's so fresh over there...
 wow. That's really interesting. I hope you get there soon.
 Just the warmth and beaches. And salt air. I guess I have romanticized about it since i was young. I am sure it will not meet expectations but I will try it once I retire... in 22 years...
 wow :) sounds like a plan :) who knows, maybe I'll change my mind by the time my kids finish collage and we'll meet there :) It doesn't sound too bad !
 I just need my wife and kids and I will be fine. There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt. everest.
 Mt. Everest huh... ? :) I don't believe You... show me - lets go.... ;) lol
 HA! It's been reall nice talking with you. I hope your dreams come true...
 Well, there's a lot of money in bridges these days. The market is hot! Don't miss your chance! You might find a bunch of classic cars on the bridge that you could sell.
 wouldn't that be fun! The trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
 That makes sense. Well, thanks for the chat!
 what do you think about kids owning cell phones
 I think the families should use technology in a balanced way
 No , I did not know but that is interesting. Makes sense, I remember those rotary phones
 About interesting facts in a different subject, If you watched the Simpsons, did you know there is an episode where Bart does not appear at all?
 yeah I think so too and I read about pokemon, It has 750 episodes!! 
 that is cool, I think is neat they did that
 Going back to cell phones!! the first version was created in 2007 and it has been a total revolution
 Yes, as of January 2017 there were now 2.2 million apps for iphones, 
 That is impressive. I was not too much into technology, but know I depend a lot on my iphone. I use the GPS everyday, play music and use the camera all the time
 I  think is so very cool what Matt Bellamy did with his iphone. He recorded his son's heartbeat before he was born and used the recording in one of his songs. all done with the iphone
 hahaha that is crazy. Well have a good night!!
 Do you use Facebook?
 Yeah, it is definitely not a good news source. It seems taken over with ads lately. It's too frustrating for me to get on.
 That is very strange. Seems like a sinking ship just like Myspace. Myspace apparently turned down an offer to buy facebook in 2005 for 75 million.
 Wow, I didn't know that. Facebook is primarily blue because Mark zuckerburg is red-green colorblind.
 Yeah, they are doing really well now in terms of money. I believe they were valued at around 600 billion recently.
 That's interesting. Do you listen to the radio?
 I usually use spotify, but sometimes the radio. AM radio can sometimes pick up signals from radio storms on jupiter. 
 That's very interesting. Do you like baseball?
 Me too. I don't really know much about it, but baseball is apparently very popular in Japan.
 I also wonder who comes up with the names and mascots. Kickball is called soccer-baseball in canada. 
 That's really interesting! It was nice chatting with you!
 By the way, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 Thanks you too, happy holidays
 Yes!  Hugh Laurie earned $700,000 per episode making him the highest paid actor for a tv drama.
 Wish I made that! lol  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  Kudos to him for that! I like his belief system.
 Ok.  Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.  That's funny!
 I agree!  I loved the Office!  She once was a student of Jon Mamms' when he taught drama at his old high school.
 Probably not.  lol Are you a basketball fan?
 I'm a Celtics fan.  Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
 Yes!  The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks".  That wouldn't fly here in the states.
 I was just thinking of that! So funny...when I was a kid I remember watching basketball on TV and seeing Kareem Abdul Jabbar dunking, thinking I'd go outside and do the same! LOL
 I'm a big fan!  Do you remember Kareem Abdu-Jabbar?
 Yes!  The only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas was the inventor of basketball James Naismith.  How ironic.
 Right?  lol  In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college basketball or football coach!
 I like the Cavs just because that is where I'm from.  However, I follow everyone close because I'm a fan.  Same for baseball and football.  I just love those 3 sports.
 I bet he was quiet around the house for a few days.  No bragging  rights.  lol  Allen Iverson had to have signed the most lucrative endorsement deal ever when he signed with Reebok in 2001 to receive $800,000 a year until he reaches 55 when at that time he would receive a 32 million lump sum payment.  That's a lot of cashola!
 That is awesome!  It was my pleasure.  Hope you have a great night!
 Basketball season seems to be getting exciting.  Good game with the Wizards and the CLippers the other day. They won after being down. See the game?
 Yeah it was really good. The wizards  Still have alot to work on, which was stated by the coach. But over all good. game.
 I like how Iverson took it all in little payments then a big payday of 32 million in his final season. Best way to do it
 I completely agree, especially with how much pro players play on holidays...I agree with Coach Stan Van Gundy saying the NBA shouldn't play on Christmas Day!
 me too. so much drama and craziness like a greek Drama. All the action in sports is basically a 4 part play
 Right! I don't like many dramas, but would love to see Ikea Heights because I like Ikea!
 Drama is my thing. trying to make that hugh laurie time of payday for a TV drama. 700, 000 is alot of money for a 24 episode series
 my dream!
 Yes, me too! Did you know that dunking was band for 10 years since Kareem had such a dominant dunk and game play.
 That is a wild fact. I can see it being true though because sports is what make colleges famous and popular. I know basketball is so popular that even the Supreme Court Justices play. 
 Oh yeah, I remember that show. I have never seen it though. I like Jim Carrey but he stopped making dramas. Did you ever hear why he decided to stop?
 Oh wow, okay, hmm. That was a surprise for sure. I also watching Michael Caine because he is a true dramatic actor. Old school and good.
 Noway! That is a hoot! What a funny guy or should I say ladies man!
 Yes, I would love that! I didn't even know about that option! Really?
 Yes wonderful old ones like War of the Worlds!
 Oh man I could spend hours listening to old time history. When Im done watching Hugh Laurie in this movie I have on. He is the highest paid actor earning 7000,000 per episode.
 Yes I may go and turn on an NBA game instead.  I like people like Reggie Miller - who always seemed to get outdone by his older sister.
 laugh That happens!   I like the fact that lots of players like Tim Duncan care more about things rather than money.
 Cool, my all time favorite player is Kareem abdul -Jabbar.
 Yes, that was him.  The dunk was banned from college basketball for over a decade.  Too funny
 Yes, he's a hall of Famer.
 Well, that's true too.  Yes, I know Allen Iverson, he was a good player.
 True and he has a lifetime contract with Reebok. Nice chatting with you.
 no.  I did not know about that fact.  But he is one of my favorite actors
 Did you watch "House"?
 Yes, but I started very late - after all the seasons were aired already. I was never a fan of hospital dramas, but this one was awesome !
 I like to play, but I rarely watch, why ?
 I watch playoff basketball, almost every single series
 I doubt it though because vasectomy has its risk, and I do not want to put someone in this situation because of my hobby.  Hahaha
 Yeah, You're right. I guess it's not worth it :)
 That makes a lot of sense.  And I think that is very much the reason
 I do not know it either.  I believe the game's rules have gone through a lot of changes and modifications.  By the way, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 You too, thank You for great chat ! :)
 I dont really have a favorite team anymore. I jut like to watch it sometimes. I think the NBA has the best athletes of any sport in the world.
 I havnt. Are they doing good this year. Does MJ still own the team.
 Really. I know John Wall and Bradley beal are usually the stars on that team. Those guys are pretty good.
 So true. What do you think about Lebron going to LA.
 I dont think he will ever be better than Jordan. I also think he should have stayed in cleveland. It would have been a great story and in my opinion would have been better for his career.
 Iverson was always one of my favorites. One of the most unstoppable one on one players ever. Dude would break some ankles out there.
 I liked tim hardaway back in the day he had that crossover as well. Then he would bury the 3.
 He has definitely changed the game with the three.. Probably the best ever in that category.
 He was a little before my time watching basketball. He was good though. Probaby one of the best centers of all time.
 I dont really follow hockey. I also don't know about the Wizards going all the way though. 
 So true. Well Im gonna have to get off here - good talk though. Have a good one.
 ya I agree, at least they reversed the ban after a decade though
 ah so that might be up your alley, but ya I agree with Jim carrey it is important to support positivity in todays society with comedies
 Wow, he must have been good at it. The inventor of basketball was the only losing coach at University of Kansas. Kind of funny.
 I guess it takes a lot of taxpayer money to win.  The SUpreme Court has a bball court in the top floor, dubbed, get this, "The Highest Court in the Land"!
 Heard of the famous New Zealand Rugby team, the ALl Blacks? Their basketball team is called the "Tall Blacks".
 Exactly. Well, it was great chatting with you. Have a good day. 
 Yes, I heard that they have a basketball court on the top floor of their building.
 I prefer Michael Caine.  He joined the drama class because he wanted to meet pretty girls.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 He also heard his song that he composed with Will Birch "Hearts in Her Eyes" often performed in concert by locally grown country star Mary Chapin Carpenter
 I remember that! He is such a generous guy. It was nice chatting with you.
 Well I think ge earned every penny :) he was awesome ! :)
 lol :) SOMEBODY STOP ME ! :)
 Interesting :) thank You for a great chat :) happy holidays !
 Yeah well he was certainly smart about that. nice chat :)
 Yes he did. I'm glad he was still able to get in after. 
 Hello.  I love TV drama's and I can't believe that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama.  He makes about 700,000 dollars per episode on House.  Have you ever watched House?
 WOW... that is hard to believe!  Yes, i have seen House, it's a pretty awesome show!  You ever listened to the old radio dramas?  Apparently you can listen to them for free!
 Wow really!  I have never tried to listen to dramas.  I used to like watching Jim Carrey in dramas but he's retired.  He only wants to bring joy on screen.  
 That is an insane amount of money to play basketball.  Maybe Iverson is so good because he uses the "granny style" of shooting to consistently score points on the line.  Maybe those other NBA players that refuse to do it would be as rich as Iverson. 
 Yeah... it was an endorsement deal with reebok!  That's funny that reggie millers sister always scored more points than him in High School!
 Maybe she was scoring so much because she was wearing Air Jordan's.  Did you know that Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA?  Jordan kept wearing them even if he was getting fined.  It was nice of Nike to pay that fine.  
 Chicago Bulls and it all stems from back in the day when Jordan played for them.  
 I am sure it was a good idea, coming off of the strength of the war.
 Very true!  Well, good chat... have a good one!
 An alternative pop star born in the UK! 
 Look at you! I had not heard of him until I read this article on him.
 I honestly hadn't either, he sounds like a very interesting person. Very strange choice going from the UK to Virginia. 
 I always heard virginia is for lovers so maybe he was just lonely.
 Well, that's kind of sad. Do you ever use facebook?
 I use it from time to time. It's kind of hard to use now, I can't seem to find updates from my actual friends. But I do get posts from friends of friends estranged second cousins. 
 I had a new years resolution to cut back and I do not go on it often. I need it for work or would have completely shut it down. I do not miss any of it.
 Yeah, it's definitely gone downhill. A third of all divorce filings in 2011 contained the word facebook. 
 Oh yeah? I don't think i've heard about it yet, what's going on with it now?
 Interesting, I will have to check it out. There are 56 genders beside male and female for options on facebook. Seems like a lot.
 Yeah, i'm having trouble wrapping my head around it. There are more people on facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago. Holy cow!
 I have a feeling Facebook is going to fall sometime soon just like Myspace. I think were just waiting on something better to come along.
 Yeah, its always gonna be consumed by greed and money grabbing. Facebook was once pretty nice before all the ads and information stealing. I still think Myspace was superior though, lol.
 It was great chatting with you!
 Yeah I agree. He makes like 800k a year just from Reebok alone. And then when he turns 55 he's going to get us some of 32 million dollars, he's set for life
 Oh I totally would do that too. Unlike Tim Duncan who stayed in school to get his full degree instead of going right to the NBA, I would have gone right into the NBA and said screw school lol
 Yeah I always thought they were expensive. I've always wanted to get some, even though I don't play basketball haha. It's funny how they were banned from the NBA but Nike just paid the fee so that MJ could keep wearing them
 I guess there is little chance it will change, the ones that make the money are happy the way it is, and the indentured know they can't upset the powers as they will lose the pathway to the promised land.
 Only granny style. That would make it worth watching. Anyhow, great chat! Have a great evening!
 I can't wait for march madness! I hope some of these kids make it to the NBA to play for the men's pro USA leagues.
 Allen Iverson made a great endorsement deal with reebok back in 2001.
 He is getting 800k a year until he's 55, at which time he gets a lump sum payment of 32 million!
 I can imagine paying the fines is worth it for the huge publicity! Jordan never shot granny style despite it being the best technique according to physicists. 
 Better to be smart than look stupid. Great example is tim duncan that finished college before going to the nba.
 TV actors make pretty good money too. Hugh laurie makes 700k per house episode.
 She was great on that show! some people get intro drama for the pretty girls like michael caine.
 Yes! Drama is a greek word and it means action.
 I love comedies! Nice chatting with you!
 Ban assault rifles if you must, but don't touch my bazooka. That's my mode. In fact, I wrote a country song to that effect.
 Nice.  Henry Ford helped finance the promotion of country music. Maybe Bezos will follow his footsteps...or twosteps...
 Yeah, but you don't hear much Fender Stratocaster in hillbilly music, unless the strings are rusty...
 Celtic? Is that like U2 music? You know sometimes, they play undercover as country music group, The Dalton Bros?
 Yeah, and they are painters. LOL But they are probably better represented in the dance hall of fame!  Michael Jackson, Tupac, etc...
 Bruce sounds like a dancers name, but Bruce Lee could cha cha his fist right through someone's chest and rip out a beating heart. Now that is dancing.
 And more if they have bad hygiene. I wonder how many shoe Tupac went through in a week when was a high school ballet star in the nutcracker?
 Maybe, you can open the fridge, and open the jar of mushed bananas. Let's see them do that! Maybe that is how the 1st President of Zimbabwe got the name, President Banana?
 It is said that the President's guest house is bigger than the White House, but I wonder how it stacks up to Vista del Lago?
 Eat that Trump. Wouldn't it have been funny if the election rules of 1805 were still in place? Then our VP would be named Clinton. The media would love that!  Nice chatting with you!
 I listen to pretty much everything.  I'm a music junkie. lol  Did you know that the Fender stratocaster guitar was intended for country music?  I'll throw out some country facts and then we'll move on to dancing or the president.  lol
 I think my favorite one is maybe Hank Williams Jr.  Have you heard of George Strait?  He is a legend in the country world and he is also cousins with the richest man in the world ...the one who created the Amazon monster Jeff Bezos.
 LOL Right?  There are only 2 African Americans in the country music hall of fame and I have no idea who they are! LOL
 Oh...lol  There are a few...Darius Rucker from Hootie and the Bluefish is one that's popular right now.  Did you ever hear what U2 did at a few shows in 1987?
 I am terrible at it but I still give it a go and just have fun with it.  We got to a lot of wineries that have live music.  I'll get up there when there's rock bands playing.  
 Hahahaha That's funny.  You should try it sometime.  The other people don't care everyone is having a good time.  Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won the 1958 Hong Kong cha-cha championship?
 He had the karate moves so I guess dancing isn't that far off from having the motor skills needed for that.  On one last note did you know that Michael Jackson had a patent for a device that allowed him to get the extreme lean he had in some of his dance moves?
 Yes!  It's been fun chatting with you!  Have a good one!
 It was that band Maroon 5, but I guess everyone is talking about the lead singer taking his shirt off and dancing or something. Anyways, it was good talking with you tonight, I hope you have a good one. 
 No problem.Yes I love country music.It originated in the southern states back in the 1920s.
 I have heard at least one nickname for him but it was derogatory. Well it was great talking with you today, I enjoyed it and hope you did too!
 Have a great day! 
 Hi there.  Are you a facebook user or fan?
 That's right!  I remember George Carlin and Ringo Starr also doing the voice.
 They do?  What is the name of it?
 lol it must have been.  Did you know that there is over 750 episodes of "Pokemon"?
 I only have seen it because my kids watched it.  Did you know that there is only 1 episode of the Simpsons where Bart doesn't show up or isn't even mentioned?
 I never seen that one.  lol  Did they act like out Family Guy or something?  Do you watch youtube?
 I've never seen it.  I'll have to look it up.  Youtube is the 2nd largest search engine on the net.
 And Bieber's baby is the most hated, lol
 That's funny!  Psy's Gangnam Style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 That's interesting.  Myspace one turned down an offer to buy facebook for 75 million dollars in 2005.  Big mistake on their part.
 What was that promotion about?
 Nice.  I would have definately got some free whoppers.  lol
 It was fun!  Have a good one!
 I watch Youtube more which is also the second largest search engine on the internet.
 lol  That was the most disliked video on youtube!
 That song was catchy as heck.  I played my fair share.  Did you know that Youtube and Netflix make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America?  People love their videos!
 I do watch the telly!  Even watched them in black and white when I was a kid!
 I never did but my kids watched it a lot and still do even though their grown!  lol  I'm pretty sure they've seen all 750 episodes of it.
 That's right!  I remember Ringo and George now.  Not Alec though. lol  Did you ever watch that 70s show?
 I did.  If you go on youtube you can find all 10 epiodes that the British remade of it called "Days Like These"
 lol Nice.  Did you know that there is only 1 episode of the Simpsons where bart was neither mentioned or appears?
 I didn't know that they did that.  I'll have to look it up on youtube for sure!  ...and good to chat with you too!
 I know.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 Same to you.
 I love music! Have been to alot of concerts. Haven't been to one in Croatia, in the roman amphitheatre though.
 Have a great day too, and seems like he wasted a lot of time what about important matters like running the country?
 If you mean American football, like NFL or college football,, then the answer is yes. I am less familiar with the rules of other forms of football, like Australian rules football or rugby. WHat's yopur thoughts?
 Football is a great sport, and it has come a long way! You know, in the 1960s, the top pro bowlers made twice what the best football player made? How things have changed!
 Yeah. It is also hard to imagine watching a football game on TV without that superimposed yellow line on the screen. ESPN won an Emmy for figuring that one out. A big step from just an making real an imaginary line!
 Hard to imagine a game without it!  It is also hard to imagine what it would be like to stroll into the visitors locker room at the University of Iowa to find the whole locker room painted pink!
 Really? I would ave liked to see that! And I bet the fashion show was pretty interesting too!  I would say it was probably one step above Pilgrim clothing on the fashion scale... I wonder if the special occasion Apple clothing was black and white too?
 Then you know it must be special!  I wonder if they have any of the Rip Curl clothing that is labeled "Made in China" even though it is actually made in Korea?
 If you think that's odd, you may like this bit of trivia: The US Senate did not allow women to wear pants in the Senate chamber until1993.  Of course, Senators are not known to be fashionistas!
 Nice.  OK. How about this trivia: the Senate used the same gavel for 165 years until someone broke it. Care to guess who?
 Let me see, if I had to guess I would say Obama, am I right?
 Close! It was another former President...Richard Nixon! 
 Me too! I got sirius XM with a car and found Kenny Chesney radio. I have been listening to them a lot. 
 I used to. Now I am old and too claustrophobic to deal with all those people. I do love going to small venues though.
 Hello! 
 I am great! I don't travel a lot but love it! How about you?
 Wow, that is expensive!  I have some friends who live in North Carolina where I travel sometimes. They had a hurricane there not too long ago it ruined someones dream wedding. I ended up not travelling there lol
 Oh that is awful, I am glad you got it figured out! This couple I am talking about also relocated their wedding to Beltsville md.....saved the day!
 What a blessing to have such friends and family like that. Sounds like they dropped everything to make it happen. I heard that they even watched the Ravens on tv at the rehearsal dinner like they had planned before.
 Exactly, I cannot imagine the stress! But sounds like they did good!  So do watch tv at all?
 Yes. Probably too much. I like reality tv which most people despise but it is a stress reliever for me to see other people with crazier lives than mine!
 Haha! You sound like me. I do watch certain TV shows when I can. Me and my dog sit on the sofa and veg out lol....we like the travel channel sometimes.
 Really? That sounds amazing! I lived by a town of Amish people and all of them had horse drawn carriages to travel around. It was funny to see the horses parked in front of the stores. They always had dogs too, probably for security reasons since they have no electricity.
 I love boxers. They are a special breed. I think once you connect with a breed it is hard to look for another type of dog. Did you know that google prefers dogs to cats? They say they are a dog company.
 I agree, I will eventually get another Boxer, they such great dogs. Google is my kind of company lol.... Dogs and elephants are the only 2 animals that understand pointing? Who knew! Dogs are so intelligent.
 I love them so much! In Istanbul they love dogs and have vending machines that release water and food for stray dogs when you put in your recyclable plastic :)
 You too! bye!
 Hi there friend. Yes I enjoy watching football. I like watching the game on TV because it's more comfortable and I can clearly see where the first down marker is.
 That is very interesting. Dogs are special.
 It was nice chatting with you as well. You have a nice night!!! Bye
 Yes, I like to travel, I planned to take a month vacation in Las Vegas, NV in march, do you?
 Nice, that says a lot about how smart they are I am assuming. Nice chatting with you
 About another foreign president:  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 Wonder if that was his name or a title.  You know, like "Head Banana"  LOL.  Hey, speaking of music.. you go to many concerts?
 Same here. Have a good one.
 Howdy Partner!
 ahahahahaha but he is a genius!! a bet if you asked him he already recorded 6 albums!!
 The best albums, the greatest!
 YUGE!!!!
 no he wont release them.
 I also would have taken the money! By the way, lou reed and his wife performed a high frequency concert in 2010 for dogs!
 true, biased politicians are bad for government!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
 Yeah... that one day I'll come on hangover and I'll do a poor job... I would be... well... fired ;) lol
 You haven't met my wife... lol - but seriously... yes that's pretty amazing, but look at it from the other point of view... there had to be people on the other side... listening to that for 24 hours and 18 minutes... now that's dedication ;)
 ...or he was stuttering really badly... ;)
 Not a huge fan..but I like the Fender Stratocaster
 I've seen U2 live. They put on quite a show. Definitely better than Creed.
 They must have performed so badly even the groupies sued. I think The Ramones have stamina.
 Pink Floyd may not have toured much. But when they did they did it in style..like the time they played in an ancient Roman Amphitheater.
 Well, you could always head over to Croatia and check out their ancient Roman amphitheatre thats still in use. 
 Probably George Strait. After all, Bezos could finance the whole gig.
 Henry Ford. Ha ha. He's one of those "very fine people"
 Ha ha. Sort of ironic. No wonder there are only 2 blacks in the country music hall of fame.
 Well the president of indonesia has made 3 albums, so maybe its him.
 Well Trump is a reality TV star. So thats close. Apparently he's not really that rich...which may be why he needs those Russian Billionaires. 
 Did they get to live in the guest house. Because its huge.
 True. Nice chatting with you.
 Yes I do. Although I prefer the games not be lop-sided as that historic 222-0 game between Georgia Tech and Cumberland!
 Sadly, I am so bad at bowling, people pay me not to bowl! But never enough to merit top earner status!  You?
 A fabulous shade of pink. That is great strategy!  They should get an award for that!
 He should get an award too!  You know, ESPN won an award for superimposing a yellow line on the screen during football games? That move alone has done more to reduce my blood pressure than anything else!
 ya that is a great invention! It was really helpful when my mom watched the superbowl this year she had no idea what was going on haha
 yup that is dumb! Good on Mikulski and Moseley-Braun for protesting to get that fixed!
 No pants till 1993, but the senate has had a constant supply of Mars bars and jelly beans since 1968!  What next, beer on tap?
 I say we invoke that old rule whee we send the sergeant at arms to arrest absent senators, and we include absent-minded senators!
 Yup, because bot dems and repubs buy shoes!  And the clothing you chose says a lot about you!  You know, there is a store in Alabama that clothing from unclaimed airport baggage? What does that say?
 Well, apparently it was not worth the time or energy for the original owner to claim it, so it would not be my first choice! But I prefer pilgrim outfits anyway. Nothing like a fine black and white pilgrim hat to turn a lady's head!
 If you like dressing like an apple! I am more into banana fashion!
 Yeah, but them from a tailor...or check for gaps! Nice chatting with ya! 
 I love watching the Flag ceremonies before NFL games
 I do too. If the anthem singer can nail the anthem, I get goose bumps. Nothing better...
 I remember watching the Whitney Houston anthem and thinking it could not get much better. Also like America the Beautiful by Ray Charles...
 Seriously! He's a huge USC fan so he could do their games. I would love to see it on HBO so language could be more colorful.
 Yeah. Or pay to repaint Iowa's locker room.
 That would make me work on it a little more...
 Nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, I haven't seen such a display of drama like this in office before.Speaking of presidents, did you know the three wealthiest were jfk, washington and jefferson. I'm sure trump fits in there somewhere.
 Yeah, maybe. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana. Thats strange.
 Yeah, can you imagine if Trump was a pop star? 
 Do you like horror movies?
 I love them. Stephen king was afraid of bambi when he first saw it as a child.
 Bambi was a little traumatizing as a child, lol. There's an instrument called a waterphone that is used to make creepy metallic noises for movies.
 It wasnt a kid appropiate movie I agree, but I wouldnt say it was a horror film lol, 
 Yeah, I definitely wouldn't call it a horror movie. I think a lot of Disney movies have someone/something dying like that.
 I did! Apparently the child acting in the movie didn't know he was in a horror movie.
 I wonder too, they must have shielded him from a lot! Watching a horror movie can burn more than 180 calories.
 I had no idea. That is almost the whole state.  TaIking about weird stuff I found it crazy that a man sold the Eiffel tower twice
 It would be cool to go to the eiffel tower.  The guy who sold the Eiffel tower impersonated a government official, he must be really really wily
 Many curious things happening related to governments. Remember wikileaks? 
 I found that very psychedelic. Do you like Disney movies?
 I love almost every movie they have released. Specially the pixar ones. But my favorite is Wreck it Ralph
 Yes that was the first animation movie from Disney directed by a woman
 They get huge profits from that for a long time I believe. I did not know that they started developing Wreck it Ralph since the late 80's
 That is so cool. Specially that is was during the time he was serving. 3 albums is a lot of work
 Something interesting about presidents in the US, is that the wealthiests ones have been: Washington, Jefferson, and Kennedy
 I do not think he will do it. But I can tell you that if you think the White house is large, the president's guest house is larger, that it crazy
 Yes, I watched it before, numerous times. I once worked at a Playcare and the children used to request it all the time.
 yes, part of it. Someone brought it and thought the boys wouldn't like it but they were so bored they watched it
 good morning.
 In a way. they are definently creative. 
 Lol. How politically correct.
 I would say that calling a game that is played on a tv cathode ray tube amusement devices would be classified as politically correct. Lol.  What are they in search of though.
 The answer to life, the universe and everything is 42.  The problem lies with the question.  The hitchhikers guide is about finding the ultimate question.  Stephan Fry did the narration for the guide movie , harry potter video games and a game called little big planet.
 That sounds very interesting.
 Im sure he is.
 "Oh no, there is a snake in my boots" can only get you so far in life.   Woody's voice seems like a one and done deal.
 Oh that wasnt tom in toy story.
 Considering sesame street started so long ago and she was pretty big at the time. It makes sense to me.
 Yeah not to shabby. Lol. I was never a big carol burnett fan to tell you the truth. 
 Yeah he was one funny dude. I think he did the voice of the genie in alladin.
 I wonder if sonic the hedgehog or possibly Mr. Pacman qualify as a celebrity?
 I dont know. Does a celebrity have to be a non fiction actual person. something to think about.
 I think they are OK being fictional.  Is Judge Judy a real person?
 Im pretty sure she is, but Im gonna have to get off here good chatting with you .
 Yes but celebrities can do good like the Ethiopan chef who tries to combat the nations food problems by encouraging diversity
 I would need Anne Jones and her reading speed of 4800 words per minute to read their terms and conditions, most likely. I am not one of the 7% of people who read terms and conditions on the internet. :) 
 Surely something top secret based off Starship Troopers, which is on the reading lists of three of the five US Military branches. 
 The US Marines are a seperate species altogether. Vote MadDog 2020 
 His Knife Hands could easily direct people to Mt. Everest to prove if there is actually 3g cell service there.
 I really wish the hamburger button on websites was like a Staples easy button, rather than a line menu. A cheeseburger sounds great right now. 
 Excellent. Almost quitting time here as well. Leaving my  vast range of information resources and services on the information superhighway at my desk where it belongs. 
 Hi! I am a big video game fan. My favorite was always Mortal Kombat and it's actually the reason we have a rating system for video games today. Ha! What about you?
 True. But on a more positive note, John Cena holds the record Make A Wish wishes granted with over 400! That makes me happy! Well it was great chatting with you. Take care, friend!
 Glad she's out of operation now. Apparently, all her ads were taken down (wonder why!)
 I don't know how but I need to look into that as well! That is awesome! I guess since our phones these days have the internet I will Google it, hopefully get lucky!
 Right! I am a skimmer lol....that's a lot of reading! unless you are Anne Jones who can speed read 4,700 words a minute! haha
 Yikes! I guess they didn't want people to know too much, or more than those in a panic....they just need to calm down and get into some ....you laugh you lose competitions .....like CS lewis and Tolien did haha
 I know! Pretty sad. Well, it has been great chatting! 
 Thanks for the facts!
 That's a great question! Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Surprisingly, the same. I am reading the first 90 days now. I am switching jobs and needed some help.
 I don't. Who wrote that?
 There was a moral panic in the 18th century so be thankful we don't have that.
 Mine too! I was told to start smart with working out so I don't push my brain too hard.
 Yeah. I always wanted to party with a few authors. Hemmingway for sure!
 Yeah... It was nice chatting with you!
 I have no clue, most people don't even keep track of the full terms when buying a product on the internet 
 Haha. Good for her, that's awesome!
 Its funny that you say that, because my friends in class would always be the first ones to turn in their test. Later to find out that did worse than me, who stayed pretty much last in the classroom during the test.
 I have a bachelors degree in psychology and also criminal justice. I love reading how the mind works, but mainly pertaining to why people also commit crimes such as serial killers. Pretty odd stuff but I constantly intrigued by it.
 Thats so sweet! She is lucky to have you as a grandfather! I love history as well, mainly the roman and greek period.
 No. I'm in the 93. I get distracted by the hamburger button.
 Well I read on the internet. I like bad poetry.
 probably for reasons similar to the internet. I bet some people would like to see the whole thing burn down. At least that's what a library in Alexandria thinks.
 Interesting. The military loves Starship Troopers, so I'm sure they raise their computing power
 i read them in 10 minutes after taking a course from Anne Jones
 Nice chatting with you. Hopefully UNICEF will donate some money because we werent on our cells.
 Happy Holidays!  I am hoping for a gift certificate to purchase books recommended by Anne Bogel.
 What an excellent choice! It definitely does sound like a good read. I would have to say "The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas.
 I think thoroughly is more important as it is a complex endeavor where I can expand my creativity and critical analysis.
 Absolutely, and there is still a wide range of interpretations based on that analysis for each text!
 That definitely is the case, and we are lucky that these interpretations are so readily accessible to us thanks to the internet.   
 I tend to agree with you on that. It's such a different world than say 20 years ago and it reaches so far globally by really bringing us all so much closer.
 Precisely.  The telephone has really come a long way.  Even today's iphones have more computer power than United States ICBMs.
 I use Twitter and a soccer team's app that I follow a lot.
 Great chat!  Enjoy your holidays!
 Hi, how are you?
 Me too, thanks for asking.  TGIF!
 How true!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  Hope you enjoy the rest of your Friday, friend.
 That's very nice. I'm always happy to see people or the government help worthy causes that aren't monetarily beneficial to them. 
 haha I want to hear washington and jefferson make a pop album, even trump I would love to hear what that would sound like
 There would be shutdowns every day!  If only we could have a President Banana like the first President of Zimbabwe, then it might not matter?
 haha I am not, people try to get me to play but I'm really bad, what about you?
 Ya thats insane, also wild that when you think babe ruth you think of a baseball player, but he was, at one time, America's most famous golfer!
 That's pretty cool.  I wonder if he picked it up later.  I'm always surprised by how many athletes take up golf with Michael Jordan being another avid player.
 unless they wanted to  make the tourism money from where it is
 At least the Norwegian government is doing something useful and attempting to save the rainforest!
 To be polite and accommodating maybe? Who knows. I think it's funny that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 Wow that so many! 
 Wow hard to remember we have evolved from such different creatures!
 Great chatting with you I must run now.
 Bye.
 Yea, I bet Jim Carrey could have made that kind of money too but he only plays is positive movies.
 It is admirable though that he sticks to his principles like that.  He was my favorite actor growing up.  Him doing that makes me like him more.
 Yes, I watched it when I was a teenager.  I had fun watching it.
 Well when they aired its family guy episode finale the producers were sent flowers from the simpsons crew, which was nice of them.
 Yea it was one of my favorite shows, I cant recall a simple episode with Bart not in it, but apparently there is 1 episode.
 Yeah.  You too!  Goodbye.
 You're correct!!! It was nice chatting with you as well. Have a nice night!!!
 Yep good call, well its been nice chatting with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 Same! I used to watch a lot of the simpsons as a kid. Did you know there was 1 episode where Bart Simpson neither appeared nor was mentioned?
 Yeah, it's been great! Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
 Goodbye! :)
 That was nice.  
 Tell me the main difference between a drama and a movie?
 Oh yeah internet is incredible. Private, public, academic, business, personal. It has it all!
 hey how is it going?
 Ya I don't know how I would feel if I found I was unfriended for a whopper. But I can think of lots of people I would do that too. I don't really like BK but I would eat a whopper if it were here right now haha
 Well its been great talking with you :)
 Probably better to just grab a book and read. That exercises the brain.
 Ha. I'd rather have a free car. 
 That's coo (or hot). In contrast, its illegal to warm up your car in Ohio.
 I'm not sure about modern cars. Certainly thats true of classic ones. 
 Yeah, sooner or later people are going to get as aggressive as Google's self-driving aggressive mode
 I wonder what the aggressive mode on Google's car actually does. I can't imagine it doing much going all of 3 miles an hour. Maybe it aggressively honks at people.
 It probably just goes faster. Or it doesn't wait to warm up.
 Interesting. Now I'm fatigued and must get something to eat. Nice chatting with you.
 Do you like animals?
 Yes, it's very interesting. Animal, any of a group of multicellular eukaryotic organisms thought to have evolved independently from the unicellular eukaryotes.
 Okay, Animals are multicellular eukaryotic organisms that form the biological kingdom Animalia
 Do you think animals will understand humans?
 That's nice. Do you like to see television?
 You know the things of the world. Television also makes us benefit.
 Television makes us aware of things in the world where we are
 Sorry, I do not know the details of Daniel radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody.
 Okay, I think internet is very useful for every people. 
 Oh, nice! Did you use internet?
 Yes, it's true. 
 Because they turned Christmas Day into the most important one of the season although it's for commercial reasons but fans surely appreciate it.
 Yeah, he lost a lot of money by making that decision. I would have taken the green for sure, and I dont know, I haven't really followed them this season.
 I really enjoyed the games the NBA televised, they had to cater to their big markets for ratings.
 Yes, I have been a big fan of that show for quite some time and my father showed me older episodes and skits.
 A lot of the old skits are amazing. They hold up well. 
 Hey! do you use Facebook?
 I have heard that! I would never use Facebook for anything private! I am sure the President of Facebook is out of his head over this. I mean even people who are celebritys have accounts, like Jay Z for instance. I have nothing private on my account.
 lol. President Banana is what they called the first president of Zimbabwe. I can imagine what he had on his account.
 Hahahaa! Banana....crazy! I heard Burger King had a promotion to give out free whoppers if you unfriended 10 friends on Facebook Hahaha
 Hhahaaa, right! So have you ever listened to Jay Z before? I don't listen to Rap but he is pretty good.
 Yeah, I heard that. A lot of rappers their age went to school together. I heard Jay Z and Busta Rhymes had a rap battle in the lunchroom once .
 I didn't know that, now I love LeBron he is an amazing person! I read on Facebook Jay Z's album Kingdom Come...was named after D.C comics 
 I love Snoop lol, I don't care for Katy either lol....It has been great chatting!!! Have a great day!
 yeah would have never thought. nice chat
 good morning.
 I am doing just great. Got up and wished my mom a happy birthday on facebook. Its a whole new age huh. You used to do all that by phone. Now its right at your fingertips.
 I bet. It has grown so much. It is a major part of most peoples lives today.
 Yeah Im not like some people. My girlfriend is on there all day every day it seems. I like all the funny memes though.
 Ill be honest that is the best part about it. It tells you when a birthday is. 
 I dont remember it, but it seems like you could just unfriend them and then friend them again. I would do it over and over again.
 Lol. Did you know why facebook is primarily blue.
 Its because mark zuckerburg is red green colorblind. 
 Facebook actually has over 2.2 billion users that is amazing.
 That seems like a good way to get the pulic's opinion fast.
 I'm good! How are you? :) Interesting read so far! 
 Yep! It's interesting, I've been on Facebook since 2008 and had no idea that it was made in 2004. What about you?
 I actually miss MySpace, it seemed so much more personal to me. I bet they regret not buying Facebook, $75 is a ton of money lol
 See I didn't even know that, I use Amazon for everything. Are you a fan of Jay-Z at all?
 I don't know much about his music either, but I do know more about him because of the article we just read. I had no idea his name was Shawn. And yes! I love Beyonce. 
 Not only that, he was a ghostwriter for a song on the Space Jam soundtrack, that makes me like him even more lol 
 Really? That's crazy, it's been such a long time since that movie came out. I heard that Frozen 2 is coming out sometime this year, I bet since Jay-z is so famous he knows some of the people working on that movie. 
 Oh wow, I'm sure he would win if he were to do that. That would be interesting to see. Then again he has so much money he probably thinks that would be a waste of his time. 
 I love how the first president of Zimbabwe was named Banana.
 True true. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums, I wonder if that's the current president? It seems like more and more people who are in the entertainment industry are going into politics. 
 Being on camera a lot makes you a natural. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you about Jay-Z!
 Haha, maybe they could get money from Mesut Ozil! I hear he donated his world cup bonus to children in need.
 well that's a nice thing to do, I wonder why in america we call it soccer but the rest of the world calls it football, honestly it would make more sense to call it football haha
 wow that is impressive, also impressive is the hungary football team, they only had one defeat between the years 1950 and 1956
 hi. i love watching sports on tv , my absolute favorite to watch is the World Cup
 Me neither unless they were trying to confuse the other team. lol.  i find so many things interesting about football and sports in general. Did you know that the university of iowa locker room for visiting football teams is painted completely PINK... that must be funny to see 
 I think it's great that woman are getting a chance to show they can be sports announcers.
 I agree.  It interesting how we are so used to males and females playing certain roles.
 It's a step towards seeing people as equal instead of just preaching it, action instead of just words.
 Yes and like Lisa Byington said "it's about how well you do your job".  
 Absolutely, and I'm excited to see it happening in soccer, since I used to play and I'm a fan of the sport.
 I'm not very familiar with it.  It's interesting that it is a more popular sport than all the other sports.
 That's a very good point.  That is neat that it is universal.  I hadn't thought of that.
 There aren't many sports that have a World Cup to the same level that soccer does, which is one great part about making announcing open to everyone instead of just men; it opens the door to equality worldwide.
 Another interesting fact about soccer is it's also called football.  Apparently the term football is used in many countries for different sports.
 That energy is very powerful and uniting.  It's people coming together despite different ethnicities and working together towards one goal.
 It also has good effects, like when the German player Mesut Ozil donated his whole victory bonus to children who needed surgery.
 That is wonderful!  That was heartwarming to hear.  It's been very nice talking to you!  Thank You!
 I enjoyed talking to you too, and I'm looking forward to the next World Cup!
 Maybe I will watch it as well.  I'm very inspired about the sport after our conversation.
 I love the game. It's my favorite sport I'm so exited about the WC we are hosting in 2026.
 I am doing well, how about yourself?
 I am not a soccer fan, I live in the US.  I think it's great than the american team has not placed below 3rd place since 1991.  I think we should be more soccer fans rather than US Football fans!
 LOL, probably!  That is a large number!!
 Ya and they women have never placed below 3rd since women's soccer was in the world cup!
 Good point! Many sports figures give back to good causes nowadays, like Mesut Ozil donating his 300,000eur bonus to pay for surgeries for brazilian kids.
 It's truly amazing! Although it certainly helps that soccer makes more money than a lot of other major sports combined!
  I would think so, can you imagine the pride of the he hungary national football team , they only have lost one time in six yers in the fifties
 Absolutely, ESPN certainly helps sports maintain their hype here. It was lovely talking to you!
 You too! hvae a great night and hopefully we'll both get to watch the 2022 world cup where it is!!
 I had no idea he played or that he was that skilled at the game.  I think it is very admirable that the German player Mesut Ozil paid for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil.  More sports stars should be like that instead of wasting money on harmful things like drugs or drinking too much.
 I did wonder why America called it soccer and the rest of the world calls it football.  I also was laughing at the fact in the football section where the University of Iowa has the visiting team's locker room painted pink, talk about mindgames!
 Oh that was very very kind and generous of him! We need more people like Mesut!
 We sure do. Ozil probably never fumbled the ball either. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Oh wow, mind blown! Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined! WOW! ..I enjoyed chatting with you as well! TTYL!
 Have a good night!
 Oh I used to love neopets haha. It was the first time in my life I couldn't take care of something hahaha.
 How do you feel about draws? Are you okay with them or would you rather win or lose?
 Then they should hurry, the last champion of the competition is France and I had to say they won the title fair and square being superior at every turn
 Thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new, fun information about sports.
 Right. I would love to go visit the countries where the world cup is while the world cup is on. It would be a great experience.
 Wow, sorry to hear that. It's interesting that the World Cup has been held every four years since 1930 except for during the Second World War.
 I know. Wish there was footage but it was so long ago. Well, nice chatting with you. Have a good day!
 Hi, how are you? Do you like soccer?
 I love soccer, its one of my passions, did you watch the FIFA World Cup last year?
 I watched very little. Once the US didn't qualify, I lost interest.
 Yeah. It just shows the international appeal of soccer. 
 I like it as well, did you know bowlers used to earn more than football players back in the 60s
 Mine are the Patriots, Im really excited about the Superbowl this year.
 I think the pats and I watch it alone. I just don't want the questions from non-NFL fans.... Nice chatting with you!
 They certainly use it for good too, I heard Mesut Ozil donated his world cup bonus to pay for children's surgeries.
 it can be fun to watch and is the most popular sport
 Man, I love football how about you?
 Thank you! You too
 no one should.. the internet just has changes how we do everything. So crazy to even know we humans are the minority when it comes to the internet and the use of space
 I can get on board with that. We finally agree.
 I do use that.  Can't believe it's been 15 years since it was launched on Feb. 4, 2004.
 It launched when I was in college. I remember you needed to have a college email to open an account and you had to wait until the launched at your school!
 Nice.  I can't remember when I first heard of it to tell you the truth.  I was on Myspace and at some point made the jump over to Facebook.
 I happened to start college in 2003 so it was pretty close to the site's launch. That's why I remember it so vividly.
 Nice.  Myspace actually turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million in early 2005.
 I wonder how much they got?  I should see if my profile is still on there.  lol  In Feb. 2012 when Facebook had their IPO the company was valued at $104 billion dollars!
 Yes, I watched that show on Netflix. I did not catch it when it was airing on television. I hope they keep making episodes.
 There is an episode where they go to Mexico looking for the dad.  The one brother does something where he thinks he is doing something good but the Mexican peopler are offended by it.  Just like you described ...accidentally offended...lol
 I have seen that movie!  It's been awhile. I liked it though.
 Ahhh yes! lol you're right!  I remember that now you mentioned it.  So here's an internet tidbit I didn't know....the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.  Never knew that.
 I learned that when I was doing some website design. Someone referenced it as that and I was a bit confused. I always thought it would have just been called a menu button. It was fun chatting with you, have a great day!
 Just another scientist on the level.  This has been one of the most enjoyable and interesting chat's I've had in a while - thank you and I hope you stay safe on the Internets!
 Good morning.
 Yes he was. And he actually donated his World Cup winnings to pay for the surgeries of 23 children which I think is really nice
 Well it's interesting that the opposing team's locker room was painted pink. I wonder if that helped or hurt the other team though, because personally would make me mad and I would play better haha
 I'm a fan ever since I was a kid.  I'm a big stats guy.  I find it incredible that former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled once during his career.
 I wonder why they did that?  Maybe for breast cancer awareness?
 lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that era.
 lol  Be like watching paint dry.  Might have been like watching when Georgia Tech blew out Cumberland by a score of 222-0 which was the highest scoring football game ever in 1916.
 It is.  I like that line they came up with.  Did you know that in other parts of the world what the US calls soccer is actually called football?
 Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football.  
 Nice.  Soccer is so popular that it makes more money than all of the other major sports combined.  Surprising.  
 I believe it's in 2022 in Qatar but the city for where it's going to happen doesn't exist yet.
 I have no idea.  lol  The host country won't make any money though because there are no economic gains for countries that play host to the Olympics of the World Cup.  I find that hard to believe.
 Nice job!  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you!
 I am good, how are you?  Yes I do.  Do you watch soccer at all?
 That is so commendable! People who use their platforms to do good for the world really deserve their successes!
 NFC! I really love the Dallas Cowboys since I grew up there but since moving to the north, I feel a bit awkward to sport a NFC team haha, you?
 They are a great team Im so happy they won this Superbowl althought the game was a bit boring, and apparently you can lol, 
 Yep I agree. I would watch it like I said if the United States were in the World Cup, apparently they got third place back in 1930, so I would have watched it back then LOL
 Yep that's true. It was slow but I did like the Patriots winning in the end, I'm so glad that yes esPN won that award for creating the yellow line on the first down marker LOL that makes game so much easier to watch
 That is crazy!! I guess football wasnt popular back then, I love to go bowling Im terrible at it though
 Yeah I'm not very good either haha. Did you hear about the player for the patriots who has never fumbled the ball? I wish I were as good at bowling as he was at football LOL
 Same here!
 He's been successful, got the USA team to the last 16 rounds of the soccer world cup in 2010, by that stage you typically only have the best teams left in the contest.
 Not that I'm aware of.  He's still highly regarded in this country.  Los Angeles is a new team, expansion team, they really wanted him.  Even before they started getting players.
 Yes, they have an excellent group of young players.  Next World cup will be in Qatar.  The one after that, I believe, will be in America.
 That's a long way to run, especially as a lot of it is sprinting.  It's not like football where you have a play and then everyone stops, especially if there is a commercial break. 
 Yeah, just about every country in the world plays it, I think over 200 nations enter the world cup in its initial stages.
 To you as well, hoping for more people like him.
 Yeah the underdog is sometimes the most fun to watch. Qatar will host the next FIFA World Cup!
 Thats a good answer. I would agree with you for sure. The american team has done very well since 1991! It sure was lovely talking with you today!
 Bye!
 I think you are absolutely correct about that. Thanks so much for chatting. It was fun learning new things with you.
 Yes in Qatar but the city has not yet been built. 
 Hello, i'm not that much into Soccer but i do like to watch Fox Sports
 I like to watch American football and their personalities
  Yeah, but its only for one game of the dc united match
 I do agree that it was a great change especially when the women announcers have the experience
 Yep, so they were a perfect match for the match haha
  Yeah it definitely says a lot.
 Its possible. So do you like American football too?
 I love it too with all of the action it includes
 Me too especially when espn utilizes a yellow line to indicate a first down line that they won an emmy for!
 Yep, makes me think why wasnt it developed sooner! haha
 I did.  I saw France when it all last year.  One day USA will win hopefully
 THe USA women seem to do better in the World Cup overall.  They have finished third or higher for the last several years
 Yes, he is a German player who is very charitable.  
 Yea, he is very charitable.  It is good for the sport
 He is the former Daily Show host.  He was a talented soccer player in his younger days
 He played in college and at the Pan American games
 yup you're right, I've never been but I know it's located on 1600 Pennsylvannia Ave haha
 haha thats sounds awesome! Do you think Trump should make some pop albums? maybe that would help him become a top 3 richest president haha
 If Trump could make money off of it, I"m sure he would try it! I wonder what type of music their president recorded? 
 Yes, I can't imagine why they still use floppys and how do they even read them? At least Bush had solar panels but on, to bring the White house a little  up to date.
 It was good talking to you!
 I listen to it now mainly when I'm in the car.  I don't think though that I would ever listen to "Nuntii Latini".  Are you familiar with that?
 It's a weekly news show that a Finnish radio station has broadcasted since 1989 and the show is in latin.
 I had no idea!  There is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio drama episodes for free.  I might have to check that out.
 I think it might be interesting.  I heard some of those old classic comedy radio shows and they weren't that bad.
 Wow!  Who would have guessed that?  Good for that little fish! lol  A seahorse is the only fish to have a neck.
 I had no idea!  There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal!
 I don't know.  That's what I just read. lol  Freshwater fish only drink water through their skin via osmosis while saltwater fish drink through their mouths.
 Interesting.  I have a fun!  Have a good one!
 Yeah that makes sense. Nice chatting with you :)
 That is surprising and a good president nickname would crack me up
 Agreed, I was there once long ago. Adams may have been president!
 Where else would Teddy Roosevelt park his horses?  He loved his animals
 we've behaved so well! Was worried how this might go!
 I think he's doing good things so far. What about you?
 It was great talking to you!
 That can't be true, can it? I need to look this up. In 1957 Truman would be photographed on the dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with republicans.
 Sometimes, he's not perfect, by no means.  But, I do think his heart is in the right place and he really does want to Make America Great Again, especially for his grandkids.  I think he's trying to leave a legacy for them to be proud of.
 I hope he makes America better! But it is still great! Nice chatting with you!
 I don't mind either. I will be respectful, which is more than I can say about the tone in Washington!  All eyes are on the White House...
 There are twin versions of the White House in Ireland and France, but only our White House is steeped in political theater. Both sides play their parts designed to motivate or manipulate the masses, and the best supporting actors are the media. There are few in Washington that hae a pure heart.
 Probably as alternative places store those precious floppy disks that the White House is still using... I long for simpler days.
 They are behind a lot that goes on in Washington... It took the Secret Service 4 days to realize that the White House had been struck by bullets. If a nuclear blast hit, they cold cut that time in have!
 I hope the bullets missed the solar panels. Carter pu them on, Reagan took them off, Bush Jr put them back on... That is narcissism.  They think the sun follows them around...
 Yeah. The top three wealthiest Presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. They never told me that in grade school...
 People came to this country is search of fortune. The King felt he wanted his cut... In Indonesia, their President released three pop albums while in office.  I guess search of fame and fortune is universal...
 Gives a new twist to the challenge of choosing your running mate carefully!  Goal would be harmony...
 Finally a campaign rally worth attending!  The President's guest house is larger than the White House. You could film the music videos there!
 Let me know if need anyone that can play spoons! Word  out.
 1600 Pennsylvania Ave... Why do you ask?
 I was reading about history from John Adams.
 I think a White House in France makes more sense than George Washington carved into foreign rock!
 Well, the Eifel tower has its replica in Las Vegas.    I think more countries should replicate the use of solar panels like George W. Bush did for the White House.
 I am not sure.    I do know he created the Bull Moose Party!
 Nice. I have a pair of Bull Moose shoes. I googled it and he did create the NFS and NPS. 
 That's bananas! Sorry, dad joke. What was the alternative name? President Peach?
 HA! I am all for the untoward and more importantly, the jokes...
 I know , no one believes it Everyone knows and is upset too! .Well Bush put those solar panels on the white house.lol
 lol, I know was thinking the same thing. I don't know? Praying things get better! Great chat!! Have a nice day!
 Good Morning! I'm not much interested in the White House, but I do root for President Trump
 Agreed! I remember when I was younger taking a trip to Washington DC and seeing the White House and other places; I loved the Smithsonian Institute. Have you ever been to the White House or Washington?
 He had solar panels installed on the White House!
 That's awesome. I wish they still instilled that in today's society. 
 Thanks for your service and I mean it!  I wonder why Teddy Roosevelt and J Q Adams didn't get sworn in on a Bible?
 I agree.  Thanks again for serving our country.  You were an excellent chat partner!
 Hi! Are you a YouTube junkie too?
 Nice.  I use this second largest search engine on the net to find all my favorite videos. But with 400 hours per minute, I'm falling behind!
 Insane! But I'm not the best judge when it comes to YouTube... Apparently, I was the only person in the world that actually "liked" Justin Bieber's Baby video!
 Yeah. It doesn't seem fair in a world where  gangnam style brakes the Youtube count integer...
 Oh, yeah--the law enforcers version of YouTube. Bad boys, bad boys..what ya gonna do? What ya gonna do, gonna watch bluetube!
 No, I am old school. What ever happened to the days when entertainment meant watching TV or listening to the radio?
 Oh, yeah! There is a great website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free...my favorite price!
 Dr House!  Not much the bedside manner, but great drama! You know, Jim Carrey, AKA the Mask, no longer does drama. He wants to stick to more positive media... I think he is positively nuts, but in a good way!
 Completely sane motivation.  Here's something that's crazy: there is a Finnish radio statio that broadcasts news in Latin!
 Sounds like Pink Floyd!  You know, in Canada, they are required by law to program at least 40% of their music using Canadian artists. 
 And ya, I love pink floyd, I would make a foxhole radio to listen to their songs if I knew how a pencil and razor could make a radio haha
 Hey, thanks for chatting with me!
 That sounds cool! I learned how to make a chicken coop by watching YouTube. I like cooking shows on it, too.
 I did not but I guess it makes sense since it is owned by google.
 I have and it is not deserved unless you are just anti-bieber. Have you heard of bluetube?
 I am not sure. BlueTube is the equivilant of youtube but for cops!
 It is a site where cops can share videos to help the profession. Not sure If i have ever seen it.
 HA! They could be. I think it is deeper than that. maybe to keep judgment out>
 I have not. My style is drunked white guy. Nice chatting with you!
 I do, if spotify counts! Do you?
 Sometimes, but thank goodness they don't broadcast in latin, talk about LAME!
 There is a website where they broadcast thousands of old radio shows for free. My dad would love that.
 Old ones. Like from when there were only radios and everyone would gather around it for a night of listening.
 yeah I guess. nice chat
 Well, a little bit. I know a lot of trivia about Congress in particular, such as the republicans and democrats play a baseball game against each other annually!
 Fortunately the Freedom to Farm Act that was created in 1996 has really eliminated some of the worst programs that affected farmers.
 I've been hiking in several parts of Nevada and it's beautiful. I like that they own it and don't allow people to build on it so there is more natural land for us to explore.
 Yeah go figure. Nice chat
 Ya that does sound interesting! I thought it was funny that canadian law has 40% of all music played required to be canadian haha
 I always thought he was so handsome and a really good actor. I like him more than I like Jim Carrey.
 haha. There are so many search engines and websites showing videos. When I was a kid there were three stations on TV and the movie theater.
 I love that I can play music videos on YouTube. My cats like to listen to Bach and Braham's Lullaby. It's good that I can look up info on the music at the same time I am playing it.
 Ah nice they are probably smart cats! I play Beethoven on the piano and my dog seemed to like it, she would probably care just the same if I put it on youtube instead of personally playing it tho ahha
 Maybe she enjoys watching you play, though. I like to find YouTube clips from old TV shows and upload them into texts on my iPhone.
 it is, well its been great talking to you have a great night :)
 You too, thank you!!
 they must have been pretty good them. Piano is my favorite instrument. I heard that once a group of climber found one on top of a mountaim, but I don't know if it was true though.
 hahahahahha... Agree.  I have to go now, but see you later.
 Hi, how are you??
 I think he is guilty and I also think there aren't many candidates in recent history who haven't been guilty of something. 
 No its not Trump, that would be funny lol, its the president of Indonesia.
 Well I hope Trump makes one. If I were running against him, I would use that as my campaign song...
 Nice chatting with you!
 That would be delicious. I just hope he - or she - would donate some money to help save the environment like Norway did back in 2008. President Apple needs to save the world! 
 Much better than our current roster of presidents I must say! If only "fantasy" presidents was a thing like fantasy congress is. I'd draft President Apple in a heartbeat!
 I thought he was going for 'politiacal synergy.' Lol.
 I heard about that. I am not that really into politics. Are you?
 Never mix business with politics.
 Well, it hasn't hit the massive general public yet. Public parks and airport lines mostly. If it hits food stamps and other 'necessities', then it will hit the fan. What do you think about the plans to advance a real estate project in Moscow?
 I am not sure that the Russians would go for another Trump hotel now anyway. 
 This is fairly interesting to me because the history of "President" as the name for a chief of state is something I researched years ago.
 LOL. That sounds like the stories about the Brooklyn Bridge in the US. Also a guy that sold the Clampets a bunch of stuff in LA including Griffith Park on the Beverly Hillbillies.
 That's impressive. Its good to know that with all the trouble going on between Democrats and Republicans, every year they play a baseball game against each other for fun.
 There also is a Fantasy Congress that exists with members of Congress are drafted.
 Ah, I meant the baseball team. But the fantasy Congress sounds cool too!
 Yes, indeed. Anything to have a little fun is always good.
 Cool. Nice talking to you!
 haha talk about a star. nice chat
 That's funny I have seen it such a touching movie. I wonder where the actors all got their starts. I've heard actors like Michael Caine joined drama class because of pretty girls
 His faith prohibits him from doing dramas they are not conducive to positivity 
 Yeah probably not, but then again there is no way to know for sure now. It was nice chatting with you 
 Lots! Lucky to have come from a family that was very into music. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concert in 2001? That seems like a crazy schedule. 
 Yeah, and most of those shows were probably at little club, unlike Linkin Park. In 1972 Pink Floyd recorded one of their concerts at the Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii, and there was no audience. 
 I'd imagine all the Creed concerts were probably that bad. In 1930, the BBC couldn't find anything to report on for the news, so they broadcast piano music instead. Can't imagine that happening today!
 I took piano lessons for several years. I wouldn't say i can play though. More like tinker around on it. The Hindenburg had an aluminum grand piano that weighed only 356 pounds. 
 That's cool. I do like Queen. In 2006 climbers reached one of Britain's highest mountain tops and found a piano! Wonder if it was dropped out of a plane or something. 
 Yeah, I've read about that... it's not playable by any human. Pretty crazy. 
 You don't even want to get me started on 45. JFK, Washington and Jefferson? The first president of Zimbabwe was named President Banana. Wonder if that was his given name or he chose it to be funny. 
 Agreed. Except I guess if you have so many guests at once they would all need a room. It used to be that the runner up for president became the VP. Um, I pretty sure that would be a DISASTER today!
 Haha. I'm honestly surprised he hasn't released an album.
 Yeah, but I guess when adjusted to inflation, the others were richer. Plus, they never had bankruptcies and probably had no debt. Who knows.
 I'm going to guess that Washington and Jefferson are the other 2?  Maybe Trump is now in there as well?
 You're probably right.  Did you know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?  I wonder how this fellow countrymen felt about that?
 LOL That would be!  What was he named?
 Banana! Do you think thats his real name?
 Hhaha  It might have been?  Maybe that's how bananas got their name?  lol
 I know!  lol  The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.  Must be to impress the visitors or make them feel more cozy.
 That's interesting!  Did you know that the US government owns 86% of the land in Nevada?
 You're probably right!  lol  A man in France impersonated a govt official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once but twice!
 LOL  In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That was pretty nice of them.
 I had no idea!  Those 2 don't like each other that's for sure.  I have to get running.  I've had a good time chatting with you!
 Hello! Do you watch Youtube?
 I watch it for leisure a lot. It's got some pretty interesting stuff if you look hard enough. Have you ever seen the first Youtube video ever uploaded?
 It just a video with a young guy talking about an elephant for about a minute. 
 Absolutely. In 2007 YouTube used as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000. That's crazy!
 Baby, by justin beiber is the most disliked video on youtube. Haters gonna hate...
 Haha, I wouldn't gave guessed that. I guess Youtube doesn't have Beiber fever. I wonder what the most liked video is..
 I remember when that song blew up. You couldn't get away from it! Did you know there are 70 full episodes of the joy of painting with Bob Ross?
 I think I might have watched a few episodes on tv when I was younger. Do you listen to the radio ever?
 It does sound that way! There's a radio station that translates solar activity and you can listen to the sun! Sounds pretty cool!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Well in my opinion he still has it better off than being named President Banana like the President of Zimbabwe.
 It was great chatting with you and learning new fun ideas.
 Absolutely, you too! Have a good day.
 Hi do you like using Youtube?
 Yes, I love it. We have youtube since 2005 and it feels like we had it forever
 One thing is sure, I wouldnt imagine my life with the YouTube service, its just too important, too much info, tutorials, its a great site
 A great idea from the guys who worked for Paypal
 They did have to upgrade the count integer!! so many views. 
 Yes, I did like when Jim carrey did Truman show, but he will not play this kind of roles anymore
 On the other hand someone who I think will continue in this genre Hugh Laurie, you know why? 
 Well he gets about $700.000 per episode!
 I would continue in the show as well
 I didn't even know they were still performing to be honest, although I love listening to their stuff from the turn of the century. They're like a holdover from the grunge days of the 90s. Anyone you'd like to see live?
 I used to enjoy some of the live shows on Austin City Limits. I saw Robert Plant with a pickup band doing some old LedZep favorites, but he didn't have the pipes to hit those high notes like when he was a young buckaroo.
 I would expect that being so bad they get sued is just the baseline for Creed. "Eddie Vedder called -- he wants his voice back."
 So they were even worse than usual, LOL. I'll bet a Ramones concert would've been fun to attend.
 Yeah I wonder really how he got away with that twice. 
 Right, seems like it was a lot of work. Wonder if the piano was up there playing circus galop when no one was looking. Circus galop is a piece that is for stress testing auto pianos and cannot be played by humans. Gee, I wish there was a day without news these days.
 Actually I can just imagine it, to house music!
 Possibly!  Makes our presidents looks awesome!  LOL
 Yes, it's a good way to stay calm.
 I would be interested too, since so many people are on YouTube you can find anything there.
 Was that his actual name? 
 How is that possible lol, the congress is a circus at times
 The GOP is ahead 3 games. I can't believe Norway donated $1B to save the Amazon rainforest.  Good for them!
 wow that is amazing. nice chat
 Oh wow that's awesome. Good for them!
 That is funny too, it probably is super slow.  Nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day!
 Hi, how are you?
 That was very nice of them to do that.  I wish there were more people like that in this world. I love the Amazon rainforest, it's beautiful.
 I know Washington was one of the top three in history so far.
 that might need to be updated because Trump is the wealthiest we have ever had.
 I agree with you about that! Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 Hi there. How are you doing today?
 I guess so, but I imagine they have a lot of places to be and also have to be safe. Did you know that fantasy congress drafts exist?
 It is players that make a draft of members of congress and points were based off legislative success.
 yeah, buy my albums, or else! How about up until 1805 in the US, the runner up in a presidential election was automatically the vice president. Can you imagine Hillary as Trump's VP? That would make for a great reality tv show.
 Haha. Something tells me it is not. 
 I guess only the people that live there. So strange! I guess at least they have a President. I wonder if they have a White House? Did you know that the US President's guest house is smaller than the White House?
 Are you kidding me? Well, it serves the person right who bought it. They should have gotten better proof.
 No, I'm not either. The Kennedy's have always had the big bucks. Good chatting today! It was fun.
 you too!
 Okay, Bye.
 did you know that elmo is the only non-human to testify before the U.S. congress? I did not know that
 did you know that there are three subway lines for congressmen to move between the capitol and the house and senate offices?
 Wow, I guess baseball is more popular than I thought. Did you know the norwegian government donated 1 billion dollars to help save the amazon rainforest? I didn't know it was in such need of saving
 Something I can't wrap my brain around, is the fact that the presidents guest house is larger than the white house
 I am wondering if they maybe get a lot of guests. Not sure though. Nice chat:)
 That would be very interesting.  I need to listen to the AM radio station that plays Jupiter radio storms!
 She must have so many modeling contracts!  Maybe Tom is hurt by that and it's why Belichick lists him in the injury report ever week! Haha
 Oddly, Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL. It was really nice chatting with you! I hope that you have a wonderful day!
 Thanks, enjoyed the chat!  Have a good one!
 That it is, well it was nice chatting with you. 
 Yeah same to you, it was nice chatting. I hope you have a good night. 
 I know, I would be travelling in his position, he has already won what he needed to win.
 Google knows everything for sure lol, there is also a radio station where you can hear solar activity, must be really boring though.
 In NFL, Quarterback are required to wear uniform number between 1 and 19. In modern American football, the quarterback are member of offensive team.
 They are uncomfortable with the formation of the defense is using, they may call an audible to change to their play.
 He is the one of the player in the NFL history to have won five super bowls.
 He is also a great baseball player in his school time, his skills and hardwork make him as a great player of this generation.
 The New England patriots under the Tom brady and Bill belichick have perform very well under the very pressure circumstance. The player are playing very wonderfully. There are so much improvement in their period.
 The Bill belichick is the perfect coach to more concentrate on the players health and diet. Bill Belichick is amazing person.
 Radio is the technology of radio waves to carry information. Electromagnetic energy transmitted to space and when the waves strike the electric conductor the oscillating fields induce alternating current in the conductor. The waves are transmitted to the original form.
 It is very interesting. In olden days also radio is there.
 Do you happen to be a Lakers or Wizards fan? I love how LeBron James plays. 
 I am a raptors fan, but I do love LeBron James. The amount of money he makes is crazy.
 That crazy, that too much money, I wouldnt know how to spend it lol.
 he deserves it winning 4 MVP awards.
 Yeah, that isnt an easy task also the two Olympic gold medals he won with the basketball team.
 and probably wont see them all in a long time as its still ariing, crazy how it was 150 original Pokemons, my favorite is Squirtle. Its been 16 years now!
 Hi. Do you watch the NBA at all?
 I can't wait until he releases Space Jam 2.
 Me too. That will be a lot of fun.
 Yes. That was very smart move by Tim Duncan, I agree. Now did he play for the San Antonio Spurs?
 Hi, how are you?
 I do like him. He is such a great talent.
 Yeah! $32M and he's not even playing anymore. I wish I had that deal. Maybe I could be a spokesman for dad shoes. That's more up my ally...
 Rick Berry knows! That's how he used to shoot. He advocates for it all the time. His son shoots taht way in college now.
 Maybe. I have been doing a lot of these. Im sad that my jokes are becoming redundant! I gotta find new ones!
 That's nice. Nice chatting with you!
 Hi do you like basketball?
 I'm pretty sure I was in that group too. One of the payers I admire very much is Le Bron James
 Same here, actually. I also admire how he has a photographic memory which helps him remember exact in game scenarios throughout his career. That's like a super power. Ha!
 It is a gift!! Did you know people paid between $100 to $120 to watch his high school matches!
 Wow! did you now he helped raise 6 million dollars for charity when televising the decision
 That was so brilliant, good for Le Bron.  Someone who made a sweet deal was Allen Iverson. Did you know reebok offer to pay $800,000 every year and when he reached 55 he would get $32,000,000. Nice!
 Ouch, that hurts.. Talking about being highly paid, do you remember judge Judy?
 Do not think so. But did you know she gets paid $123,000 per episode?
 she is the highest paid celebrity except for Le Bron James, he earns more than her
 LOL, talking about the Simpsons, did you know there is an episode where Bart does not appear?
 I had no idea. I did learn that Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin narrated Thomas the Tank for many episodes
 Cool. I enjoyed chatting with you. Have a great day
 ya I should have followed his lead haha, I do like that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore, I always liked him best in comedies
 ah that's true I've never seen him play a bad guy, did you know it's legal to attach a flame thrower to your car in south africa?
 She makes $123,000 per episode. I think she deserves it. She is smart, honest and very entertaining.
 Well even though LeBron James is very rich, he raised 6 million dollars for charity.
 That is great. Especially if it works it is the smart thing to do. Speaking of smart Tim Duncan of the San Antonio Spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college instead of going directly to the NBA.
 Thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun information today. Goodbye.
 Im not sure how he did it but it sure is intriguing, almost as intriguing as Earth, to think our planet was formed more than 4.5 billion years ago
 I don't know what it is exactly, but I know they're trying to make sure that he is not a big part of a game when he plays, it makes sense though and I wish them luck but I think he's just too good
 I see.  Thank you for the infor.  Lebron James is a good person.  He raised 6 M dollars for charity.
 ya he is, he's also an all star and has 2 olympic medals
 Lebron is pretty cool he donated 6 million to charity so that is nice
 On the Thomas the Tank show. I've also watched shark tank on tv. That 70's Show is also a good tv show.
 Yes, and I've seen the Pokemon television show, too. It's been running for sixteen years straight!
 Yep he's definitely set for life. Would you ever shoot the ball granny style? If you paid me 32 million dollars I would definitely haha
 Yep that is something worthy to be respected. What do you think about LeBron James? I think he's should be respected. Especially for donating six million dollars to charity
 Yeah I have seen a few episodes but definitely not all 750 of them. Nice chatting with you
 you too
 well I know he got an offer of 90 million from Nike, so that plus his NBA earnings I'm sure its a ton haha
 Me too!
 Cool beans, well it's been nice chatting with you, friend.  Enjoy the rest of your evening.
 You too! Happy holidays!
 Yep I agree, he beat like 90,000 people in order to become a professional driver that's amazing I wish I could do that
 Yes I like him, it's funny that you started acting only to meet cute girls though LOL
 Im not really sure. I bet they had some high paid engineers work on it though. Maybe its just something new.
 Do they use automobiles over there?
 Well if they have cars then I dont realy see the need for trains except to haul goods, In that case they could just use trucks or planes though.
 Well that makes sense. If they dont already have trains, would the cost to build all that outweigh its use though. Im not sure.
 I know in the US trains were the first way to get across country. Im not sure if it would be that way if they had had other options. 
 You are probably right on that point. 
 Im not sure. I bet they keep their roads a lot nicer than we do here in the US though. 
 It seems like a pretty fair way to do things in my opinion. It would lessen taxes on everybody and have the people that use the roads pay for their upkeep.
 Yeah, and it would encourage a lot more relocalization and compact development.
 It would probably have less vehicles on the road as well. Which would have a good impact on environmental concerns.
 True. Nice talking to you!
 Wow, how creative of them to skip dealing with people. Nice chatting with you
 They do dance and smile more.
 That would be funny if Trump made pop music! Well, it was great talking to you. Have a good day!
 Hi! He's an interesting person and I guess I will leave it at that. We need government for sure to make sure our  national interest and policies are kept.
 I am impressed by the Norwegian government for giving 1 billion to another country to save their rainforest. That is a team player!
 Yea, I wonder how many of those inexpensive shoes they sold after  his endorsement? It's funny that 5000 year old shoes are  more reliable than modern shoes. Of course, I shouldn't be surprised when I look at some of those crazy spike heels!
 Yes, it does make you think! Good to talk to you too. I'll remember that picture of chucking a shoe off the Eiffel tower, the rest of today!
 that is so nice of him. nice chat
 Haha, funny. So I hear there are a record number of women running for office now. 
 They must be convicted felons.  Funny, the citizens of Austin, TX voted to rename a dump after Fred Durst. 
 Wow! Too funny! I learned a lot, thanks for chatting!
 Yeah definitely, there'd definitely be lawsuits. Like the angry Creed concertgoers haha!
 ya me too, I'd have liked to see them at that concert that would be amazing!
 That's a lot of money!  On the other hand, Mackinac Island has banned cars and trucks.  No tolls there!
 You can ride bikes there too.
 Yes that was him. Nice chatting with you.
 I'm great thank you. I love Google. I use it pretty much everyday.
 I bet. Well, it was good talking to you. Have a good day. 
 I like using Google. What about you?
 If I were Armstrong, I would not trust that computer! Although it was probably really state of the art when they went to the moon. At least it was not a dumpster fire.
 Yes! It was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were PhD students are Stanford University in California.
 Huh... That's weird. I remember when they first started including slang. Homer Simpson is in there with D'oh!
 That would be my fantasy, to create a word in the dictionary. 
 Something that is a verb, something hip. It won't happen becuase I am old and definitely not hip. Hell, I still use the word "hip"....
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes it's a James Bond video game, apparently eight out of the nine developers had never even worked on a video game before, but that game is awesome it's still good even today
 The Simpsons crew seems great. When South Park aired its Family Guy episode the Simpsons crew sent them flowers.
 Really famous people have narrated episodes. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alex Baldwin have all narrated at least 52 episodes.
 Yes. Thanks for chatting. Goodbye.
 I love watching tv. i
 Those were some good days. I remember watching some old cartoons and trying to get my signal to work well enough.
 Yes, thank you
 Yyou aare so correct
 Yeah, that is pretty funny!
 That such a great and funny gesture!!!
 I would think so!  Love how korea has a luw for children under the age of 16 cannot play them past midnight!
 Or less honestly?  What console was your first video game experience on?
 It was great chatting with you!  have a good day!
 That's a matter of point of view I guess... but look, he promised the wall and it looks like it's going to happen :)
 True! He really doesn't want to go up against The NRA to take restrictive measures on guns.
 ok. lol  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in the history of America were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!
 I didn't either.  His name was president banana!
 I'm not sure.  I'm going to have to look that up. lol  The US presidents guest house is bigger than the White House.  That's interesting.
 That's impressive!  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.  Wonder how that would work today?
 I travel regionally around my area.  I've been to Mackinac Island in Michigan where they have banned motorized vehicles for over 100 years.
 Yeah, I might be wrong, but it is funny how they can change the definition of something that had been one way for decades/
 Yep, I love what they call gridiron football.
 That is a lot of people making for a lot of fans.  I know people who get as excited for the World Cup as I do for the Super Bowl.
 I used to follow the Women's World Cup soccer when Mia Hamm played.  She was fantastic and worth all the coverage.  Now I am back to the American style football.
 Well take care sports fan!
 Thank you, you, too. Go, whoever is not Sea Hawks or Steelers! 
 Hah! Ok I am with you on those!
 Nice! Until baseball season starts, let's enjoy football, not soccer.
 Absolutely
 True, plus I'm sure the Hawaiians had pretty good boats since they were an island nation. 
 lol probably not, they'd just have to be voted out of office.  
 It was good talking to you!
 I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Not likely.  But we should get a local league to try it out!  It champions league.  People get so serious with the top level of play.
 At least all the threats were being investigated by the police.  
 I couldn't agree more!  Have a great day!
 Could you imagine that happening now?  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history before Trump were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I think you are pretty correct - either businessmen or ex-military generals for the most part.  Makes you wonder what he got done in office if the Indonesian president had that much free time on his hand.   I like the name of the first president of Zimbabwe. They called him president Banana!
 I'm thinking it probably sounded like it.  lol  Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the white house?
 That might be right.  I was wondering if maybe it was just to be more comfortable for visiting white house guests?
 I'm sure they probably get treated top notch.  They're not staying at the Motel 6  LOL
 I wonder if they have any special fun stuff in them, to accomodate the guests like a recording studio for the President of Indonesia
 Hahaha Wouldn't that be funny?  Interesting piece of US senate history....the candy desk is a tradition of the US senate since 1968.  The desk is currently supplied by candy made in PA.
 It's a desk that the drawers are filled with candy.  I don't think they are as relevant as they used to be.  When I was a kid the secretary at my elementary school had a candy desk.
 I think they have it there more for show and a historical purpose type thing.  I seem to remember the candy desks going away at  schools in the early 80's when the generation that was into them started retiring.
 Yes!  I graduated in 89.  Seems like not much changed except the job economy has been a downhill slide since then.  I didn't know that!  What an odd law.
 My guess is that there was a run of low productivity and somebody got an aggressive bright idea haha
 LOL That's funny!  I had fun chatting with you!  Hope you have an enjoyable day!
 Hello! 
 Hi there! How are ya' doin'? 
 I know! He apologized over and over, it's ridiculous how crazy people are!  His team mates are standing by him thankfully. 
 WOW! That's news to me! I'm going to read all about it later! Venus is cool to me, I haven't been able to see it clearly through a telescope, it's so fuzzy but the cloud cover makes it look so alive! in my opinion at least. Venus is one of the 5 naked eye planets, I believe the others are Mercury, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn. I know actually because I've seen them with my eyes! Hehe
 I have been known to be called a moon worshipper in a joking manner by my friends, I am always in awe of the moon, and the lunar eclipse's and take a lot of pictures, lol...I am always looking at the moon!!! My friends think I am nutty. I really need to get a telescope soon, that would be awesome!
 Yes absolutely! I must say this was the nicest chat I've had in a while! Thank you so much! I hope you do get a telescope. It was such an amazing experience! I know you'll love it! 
 Thank you! I have really enjoyed this conversation so much :) The time just flew by,lol! I do plan on a shopping trip to look for a telescope. Thanks again and have an amazing evening! I need to go out and look for the moon...hahaa, have a great evening! 
 Good chatting with you
 I agree lol, he would make a killing out of that 86%
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Same here, I hope you have a good day. 
 Apparently a fraudster did it. I wonder who purchased it. LOL
 Good morning! Are you a football fan? I head that Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis never had a turnover in his whole career. Pretty impressive. 
 You know the yellow line that shows the first down mark on the field on TV? ESPN won an Emmy for that. Certainly was  game changer. 
 It really was. I think it made the game more watchable. I am glad they won an award for it. Innovation should be rewarded. 
 Totally agree. Remember when they tried to make the puck yellow in hockey? That one didn't go over quite as well, though still pretty innovative. 
 Yeah, they used to have the puppy bowl too or something like that. Speaking of dogs, dogs have 12 different blood types and can donate blood at blood drives, just like humans. 
 Oh that is neat! I love dogs. I wish we treated our strays in the US as nice as Istanbul does. They have a recycling program where plastic bottles can be exchanged for food and water for strays. 
 That's really cool. Dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing. 
 Yeah, can't imagine life without them. Dogs are actually not color blind as many people think, they just can't see as many colors as we can. 
 A lot of people's favorite dog is Goofy from Disney. Did you know that Minnie Mouse's full name is Minerva? I'd never heard that before. 
 Yeah, Pixar is great. The name Wall-E was a tip of the hat to Walter Elias Disney. 
 Yeah, that one was a lot of fun. It was rendered with a 55,000-core super computer. I guess that's why it looks so good!
 That's cool. I think that consultant was Bill Nye the Science Guy!
 I don't get it either. Some people are just WAAAY into Disney. It's been great talking with you!
 Hello, do you like to watch football?
 Hi, yes I am a lot into sports, I like football, 
 In a wonderful place, in an amphitheater in Pompeii
 I think that is so neat!! He did something really productive LOL, Do you know how they called the first president from Zimbabwe?
 Wonder why he was called like that! Maybe he loved yellow , maybe he ate banana non stop!
 None of the most recent ones are on the list, I found interesting that back in 1805 the runner up became the president!!
 hahahaha I did not know. I bet this option was largely selected! It looks like tall people have an advantage to get elected as president!!
 Way different than what it is today, they were avoiding oligarchy!
 Yes, true. Well it was nice talking to you! have a good one
 That would be great. Thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of cool new things!
 I did too, and I'm going to make sure to avoid a free concert lol they were sued for having really bad concerts actually
 Maybe Trump could lighten things up by adopting a name like "banana" like the pres of Zimbabwe?
 If Oprah runs its game over. She got $$. However Indonesia got a dude with 3 pop albums
 Yeah, I saw U2 recently. Would love to see Pink Floyd. I wonder which one's Pink.
 yeah. they r like bob dylan. always touring
 They should pull a Pink Floyd and do a concert without an audience
 I would like to see a concert in the potus guest house
 Yeah. I went for Hill.
 hilarious! that should increase turnout above what we get
 Yeah imagine if that happened today. Nice chatting with you
 A little.    I know that the president is what they call the head of state in most republics.
 I believe they were George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and John Kennedy.    Adjusted for inflation, of course.
 The runner-up became president until 1805.     Would be funny if it still applied and Hillary Clinton were VP.
 That is funny.    Did you know she once won a grammy award!   Reminded of that since they were on last night.
 True.    I've always wondered what they call the protocol used on the network.
 Thanks!   What are some of the applications on the network?
 Yeah, internet seems to be everywhere now. nice chat
 Hi,It is said they do not hide who they are! but I know something Trump is not among the richest presidents in history
 Well the 3 richest are Jefferson , Washington, and JFK
 Who knows, he should do something artistic, like the president of Indonesia, you know what he did?
 He released 3 pop albums while in office! I gotta listen to them
 hahaha You bet..Did you know there is a president that they call president Banana?
 He was the first president of Zimbabwe, I imagine it was a nickname! but you never know
 hahhaah then he has plenty.. but the oficial guest house is bigger thatn the white house. Why so much space needed?
 I found out that more than 100 years ago, the runner up in a presidential election, became the vice president
 I've met some New Yorkers.  Yeah, I used to love the Simpsons.  Homer Simpsons has held so many jobs in that show!
 Within the first 400 episodes, 188.  I also like SNL.  "Weekend update" is their longest running skit.  I guess a show about news is easy to continue since it covers such a broad range of topics.
 Who would when in a fight: a shark or a dinosaur? I guess it depends when and where. Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs, but they'll be crushed by their own weight on land.
 I guess sharks get a bad rap a lot of times. Either that or they are real connoisseurs and the spit the sailors out instead of eating them haha.
 Yeah. Nice chatting with you today
 Yes, I think sharks in general are fascinating. I always watch tv shows about sharks whenever I can. They sem so smart and have been known to save people. They can be trained like dogs can so they are very smart.
 Yes I heard about that. There are several species of sharks from small to as long as 40 feet long. That would be scary to come face to face with.
 It would be cool to see the "White Shark Cafe", but only if I could be a figurative fly on the wall!
 Yeah Deadpool is awesome, and apparently the Green Lantern movie was originally going to star Jack Black and it was going to be a comedy, I think they should have gone in that direction, the eventual movie they came out with did not impress me at all
 Hi, how are you this afternoon?
 Yes, in fact I do love a good comedy.
 I had heard that as well. I love Bill Murray but I am going to have to disagree with him on that one. 
 That movie was so poorly received that I don't think it would have mattered. I'm glad that Ryan Reynolds got to move up to Deadpool. 
 No I did not but that's amazing! I don't know how that never crossed my mind. 
 I think its comedic that the top 3 wealthiest presidents dont included our current guy
 It was great talking to you! have a great day!
 I never saw that movie, but if Murray's in it I should. You know he likes to walk up to strangers in restaurants and eat food off their plates, and say "no one will ever believe you"?
 I saw him crash a TV weathercast once in a giant cowboy hat and start doing his own impromptu "forecast," and it was hilarious.
 Agree. Seinfeld is one of my favorites -- I managed to record every episode on VHS just from reruns.
 I'll bet! Probably doesn't help that most politicians are they type who had their secretaries print out their emails for them to read and dictated replies. Dianne Feinstein was surprised her encounter with the Sunrise kids showed up on the Internet so quickly.
 Wow that's very generous. More countries need to do things like that.
 I can't see us doing anything like that either. Well, it was good chatting with you. Have a good rest of your day!
 Seems like a good guy. It was nice talking to you.
 I'm not really into animated movies.  What about you?
 I like Pixar just because I have kids. Aside from that, I don't watch much with regards to animated movies. 
 It was good talking to you!
 Yeah it is, well it's been nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 I guess it didn't translate well. I loved the American version. Did you watch it?
 I watched that irregularly when I happened to come across reruns. I loved Seinfeld.  Also the Simpsons. I don't recall seeing the episode where Bart didn't figure at all -- did you ever watch them?
 I highly recommend it when you get the time, but your tastes might be different. Nice chatting with you!
 I'm doing good. How about you?
 No never seen that. I watch Judge Judy sometimes during the day. She makes 123000 per episode. That is crazy money.
 No I would say they dont. Did you ever watch that 70s show. I used to like that one back in the day.
 Yeah, they remade it over in the UK. I guess they didn't like it as much, because it only lasted 10 episodes. 
 I would think the adult cartoon shows would be an exception to that rule. I think they would be funny anywhere. I always liked South Park growing up.
 I'm not sure but I bet it's a lot. I heard south park did an episode about Family guy. I haven't seen it, but apparently the people from The Simpsons sent them flowers for making it. 
 I think they are all doing pretty well. In fact I like all three of those shows.
 I say happy birthday to people and stuff like that. Maybe save some pictures on there. I dont use it as much as most do though.
 Yeah. They are definately worth a lot of money. I agree with you though. I don't put my life out there on facebook like a lot of people do.
 Well, I enjoyed the chat. Have a good day!
 You too. TTYL.
 Bye.
 Hi, how are you?
 Hi! I'm great, I'm watching that Fyre Festival documentary. How are you? 
 Thanks. I'm getting better now, I've gotten some better advice and got a secured credit card and just charged a little and paid it right off, rinse, repeat. My credit has gotten better. 
 Good for you! It's tough now becuase I am trying to pay off a college loan, save for my kids college and try to give them what they want. This ins't a thereapy session so I'll stop complaining becuase I am in a good spot, just got bills like everyone..
 When I was little, I had a paper route and then started working when I was 15, outside of school hours. My mom used to make me save 60%  of my pay check. I thought she was the worst. Then I paid cash for my first car when I was 18. I kissed her right on the mouth that day!
 I'll bet! I'm the mean mom too, I take most of their birthday and holiday money for their college accounts. THey have enough toys and stuff as it is. 
 Good for you! I can't wait to do that more and watch it grow. They spend their money on Pokemon cards. I need them to learn though...
 HA! Me too. I hate it but need it for work, maybe that's why I hate it. Nice chatting with you!
 Hello,
 annoying so far: ) I'm waiting for UPS to deliver my boxes and they keep rescheduling ;) how was Yours ?
 any subject we will talk about ? 
 talk about the telephone
 ya it may be and it is easiest for dialing
 Nothing will happen like that they use protective measures to prevent fish from harming the cables
 yes, that as well
 Did You know that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent ?
 ya i own an iPhone
 I prefer Android personally. I like Huawei's phones
 that's a popular choice, using androids over iphones
 i have to own an android phone after this Christmas eve
 great talking to You, Merry Christmas  !
 HA! I know people that have done that! I do not. How much?
 Maybe we could do one day of productivity and one day of leisure. Ok, maybe one morning or productivity and 1.5 days of leisure.
 Yeah I am the same, and I think we have to teach young people that life isn't just about work, work, work.  Anyways, it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Good. How about you?
 Yes. They have been on forever. 
 Yes, considering that  there  have been so many episodes.
 You too. have a good day.
 I did not but that's a very cool code name ha ha. 
 I wonder? I bet it wasn't bigger than the first president of Zimbabwe's house. You know he was actually called President Banana? Ha!
 Very true! Hey, at least it's not like UK pre-1918 where not all men had the vote, right?
 Me too, I wish our votes would have had more swaying power, look at the current situation with out president!
 Don't even think that far ahead, he could end up in some legal trouble after this term. He seems too chummy with Putin and Kim Jong Un.
 Not only that we have PROOF of what trump has said and done with stormy daniels he paid her to keep quiet what else do they need 
 Has he ever released his taxes yet or is he still hiding that too
 I promise you that he will not be around for the next election if they prove all the collusion with Russia is true they will be locking him up like they are going to do to his attorney
 This is going to be the modern day watergate scandal
 probably, and the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 accountants, etc nice chat
 Hi, how are you?
 At least none of them were called president banana! 
 Right? Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah about 750 episodes by now, its been almost 16 years since Pikachu appeared.
 Ok, moving on! Do you watch South Park or Thomas the Tank?
 Did you know McDonalds was the first ones with a drive thru?
 Yes it was. I thought it was because we were lazy from their food.
 Wait, that's illegal in the US? Uh oh!
 HA! Nice chatting with you.
 I think it's a great idea. But I would extend their use for drivers how cut you off.
 Yeah that's kind of weird. And then Michael Jackson had plans to build a 50 foot tall robot that could moon walk.
 Yes, you too! Good chat!!
 Thanks, it has been my pleasure.
 Hahaha, me too!  Did you know the little arrow near your gas fuel gauge represents what side your tank is on?
 Yes I love that show! Andy Samberg is such a great character.
 I agree! I find it so well written and Capt. Holt is great!
 Yes he really is. The fact that it's in its fifth season shows how good it is.
 I know. I cannot believe Fox let it go. NBC scooped it up in a good move by them. Are you watching this season?
 Yeah. It is really funny. It has been a good season so far. I am really into it.
 That's good to hear. I love comedies because they make me laugh and it's amusing to watch.
 yeah Ryan stiles liked them so much he dropped out of HS to pursue a career in comedy.
 How did they spend $200M on that movie? There's a stage hand walking around with $100M.
 Yeah. Seems like either career would have been successful for him.
 Wow that is well-deserved I think. I really liked Patrick Stewart and his acting in the X-Men. I would love to take his master class for drama.
 I liked him in that too. It was nice chatting with you!
 I watch a good amount of animated shows like The simpsons and Pokemon. Did you know there is 750 episodes of pokemon
 If I do decide to watch shows I want them to be funny. I like the show 3rd rock from the sun, It even won a golden globe in 1997
 Did you know that Jim carrey will not do any dramas because he only wants to project positivity. Do you like Drama?
 no I have never seen that show, I heard it is about doctors. That must be full of drama. I Heard that one of the actors from that show makes 700,000 per episode.
 I did hear that before, He trained ellie kemper from the office. Did you know that a 70s show remake failed in the UK
 Oh I loved the Hangover. nice chat
 Yes, I mean I've created an account like over 2 years ago and I'm quite addicted since then... Why You ask ? How about You ? ;)
 Its a great way to catch up with old friends... oh, and the messenger is quite useful !
 I'm sure there are kids logged in not revealing their true age :)
 I'm not surprised, in these days if You don't have a Facebook account, You basically don't exist ;) lol
 Apparently they needed and so did the rest of the world. Haha. It was opened up to more universities then high school kids next. 
 That's really interesting. I learned a lot today. Thanks for chatting!
 I like Frasier and Seinfeld.  I especially liked Seinfeld and I watched their reruns over and over again. I was surprised about the 3rd rock winning the golden globe.
 Demetri Martin was accepted at Harvard Law but decided to pursue a career in comedy.
 Yes, I heard about that too.  It is getting late.  It was night chatting with you.  Good night.
 I think I am on the internet 24/7 so yes! lol
 Oh oh that is a real addition that you might have.  I'm afraid to say that I also suffer from it.  It's an addition that's caused by the constant novelty from clicking links on the interent.
 I wouldn't have had to have been one of the people who had to build that cell tower! lol
 I'm guilty of that as well.  I wonder what we would do in case the internet burned down?  I hope they have a backup plan.
 Whew.  I was worried there for a minute. lol
 Oh oh.  You probably then would have like the Facebook promotion that Burger King had going on.  Are you familiar with it?
 Me too!  Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook and is allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.  Kind of neat.
 Yes!  I can't believe it's already been 15 years since Facebook was founded in 2004.  Time is flying.
 Crazy.  Even crazier is how Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million in early 2005.  Hard to believe it was worth that much after just 1 year of being around.
 I believe so.    You don't like Colbert?    Are you a fan of comedy film?
 I would like to see Ryan Stiles in the role, just to have a high school drop out spout techno babble.
 Interesting.    Hugh Laurie earned $700,000 per episode of House, and did not earn that much!
 There are other reasons to act.    Michael Caine became an actor for the pretty girls in drama class.
 It is too bad Jon Hamm's TV show was never remade in the UK like that 70's show.
 That was Thomas the Tank Engine.    Thanks for the chat!   I think I'm going to go check some of the George Carlin episodes out now.
 I do to! That was one of my favorite TV shows. Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid tv drama actor? I guess he made $700,000 per episode. Crazy!
 That must take serious confidence! Its interesting to see how those choices can change so much- apparently Michael Cain started taking drama in school because he wanted to be around more girls haha
 I didn't, but my kids love it! I heard they had some big-name narrators!
 Same! Although i guess it wasn't as popular with a UK audience- to was cancelled after only 10 episodes.
 I never did! But I read that they have quite a few episodes. Its been good chatting with you!
 did you know that Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor ever on tv?
 it is, if that were me I would never stop! Michael Caine had the right idea too; he became an actor to meet cute girls haha
 yup I agree, I don't have cable and don't watch TV, I mostly watch youtube myself, but I hear there is a website with episodes of classic radio dramas, maybe I'll check that out too
 ya it was really good, they're good at cancelling things though, remember when they cancelled Family Guy only to revive it years later haha
 that's true if you wait two years or more it's likely the actors will be locked into other work, oh well we will just have to appreciate the episodes they did give us!
 well it just is like a rookie cop who is talented but cocky, and he solves crimes, and just everyone in the department is funny and goofy, its a really good time haha
 don't usually choose comedy film but am always up for a good suggestion.
 It surprises me the actors, comedians that quit education for TV carreers.  Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school.
 Or out of it.  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore.  He wants positive films.
 Their crew sent flowers to south park when they aired the family guy episode.
 Who do you think is a better comedy actor andy samberg or adam sandler?
 He is a comedic genius have you ever seen waterboy or little nicky
 there's so many great people that never had the chance to finish school but ended up being very talented
 Demetri had a show on comedy central where he would draw hilarious things on a giant notepad in front of the crowd
 Yes I do.  Man's best friend and a finicky cat!!
 Huh I didnt either. I love learning. 
 Do you like football?
 Yea I think so too. A long time ago bowlers made more than football players lol
 Yes Its been good talking to you.
 Yes nice chatting.  Find some bowling alleys  it was fun!!
 I bet. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Great chatting with you too.
 Exactly. Well, it was a pleasure talking to you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Hi there, I am good! How are you?
 I did hear about that! Municipal staffers in Philly were actually calling themselves the "Crisco Cops" because they were out greasing the  light poles so that fans wouldn't try climbing up them. Are you a fan of the Eagles?
 I am not but I am a fan of funny and that's funny. Cops know their fans are so ridiculous that they pregrease poles...
 They definitely sound like it! Speaking of interesting football facts, did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room for the opposing team is painted completely pink? Hilarious!
 No kidding! Someone on social media actually compared it to a Mad Max movie. 
 That's an interesting question. I think they had it first though. If we throw our ball more though, or run, shouldn't ours be oblongball or runball?
 That is a lot of money! Nice chatting with you!
 You make them sound so romantic! Yes, I have ridden the Equus ferus. You?
 Just a few times in summer camp as a kid. I would like to ride an icelandic horse for its fifth speed of speedwalking.
 Nice. I would like to catch one of the truly feral horses left, Przewalski's horse. Just so I can say that I did of course.
 Lipizzaner horses turn completely white by age 6. That would be a sight to see!
 Type slower. There is an extensive, specialized vocabulary used to describe horse-related concepts, and I am a novice. Be gentle.
 Have you ever seen the horse at the FSU games? Football is a fun game of kicking a ball to score points.
 I have not seen the FSU horse, bt I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express. Did you know that horses, sharks, and orangutans are all ticklish?
 Let the orangutang do it and use the horse to escape... Unless you are in Iceland and on an Icelandic horse, because once an Icelandic horse leaves Iceland, it can never return.
 Did you watch sesame street as a kid? My favorite episode was the one with carol burnett. She was the first celebrity to do a cameo.
 She was awesome! Celebrity trivia is great too!  Here is one about Justin Bieber, a 30-year old guy who was banned from Facebook simply because he shared the same name as the famous Beiber!
 Really?  Almost as shocking as to learn that Paris Hilton was in the 2007 Guinness wold book of records for being the "Most underrated Celebrity"
 Paris has the cutest dogs! Her simple life show was funny.
 Cute as a Penguin? The Penguins of Madagascar, the movie, had a running joke of hiding celebrity names in the dialogue. I'll have to watch it to see if I''m listed!
 That's another great movie. I miss robin williams. He was great in aladdin when he voiced the genie. 
 Yes, indeed. Warms my heart thinking of him. Also warms my heart to learn tha John Cena has granted more Make-A-Wish wishes than anyone else at 400!
 I love to see celebrities doing charitable work.
 Yeah. I wonder if Jena Marbles has done any? She makes over $300,00 per year from her YouTube channel!
 That is impressive! Nice meeting you!
 Hi, how are you?
 Me too, seems like they always pull it out somehow.  I'm like no, not them Darn Patriots,again!  But, no, that line is crucial to my game watching experience and I'm glad ESPN got that award for creating it.  Kudos to them!
 I'm just old enough to have my friends from Buffalo complain about those 4 super bowl losses in a row lol
 All types of variations, I guess.  Well, it's been fun chatting with you this afternoon.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 Oh man, that would be a hoot. They could probably make her a QB too. lol. Bill Belichick lists Tom Brady on the injury reserve every single week so maybe she can be ready, jk.
 That is also a lot of show like the Ramones. Ya nice chatting and tome to watch some Patriot game reruns. Thanks. 
 I wish all candidates were required to tell the whole truth, and not partial truths. 
 It was great talking with you today. Have a great day.
 He could, not many release 3 pop albums while in office so he definetely has the experience
 Take it easy!
 Hi, how are you?
 From 9 - noon netflix is 33% of all north american bandwidth...
 They did. I find it funny when supposed experts can't see a tactonic shift in their industry!
 Yeah. I think my son has seen them all. I know he has that many cards. I usually end up washing one or two a month then getting mad at him when I am cleaning out the basin.
 I think the show is really successful I like it a lot. 
 Yes, Tom brady's jersey from the locker room was stolen. Did you know ?
 Oh I thought that happened a couple years ago? I just know the game was pretty slow, especially for the playoffs. Did you know Brady has never, ever eaten a strawberry? More for me I guess LOL
 Tom brady in NFL history to have won five super bowls and he also won all with a single franchise.
 He is the most valuable player in the history. He never eaten strawberry in his entire life.
 You like live music ?
 Yes, I love concerts. My favorites live have been U2 and Peter Gabriel.
 Pink floyd recorded a live concert at ancient time with no audience.
 Sure! You like classical and rapping ?
 What is your favourite sports ?
 I love ice hockey. I think football is the most popular sport in the US but I'm not sure.
 Foot is my favourite. The NFL has no written rule against female players. women would in fact be allowed if they met the eligibility requirements.
 Yes, NFl uses tracking chips embeddded in player shoulder pads to record a players move on the field.
 Bill belichick lists tom brady on the injury report every week, even though he shows no sign of injury.
 Its very interesting. Who is your favourite musician ?
 Peter Gabriel is my favourite.
 Symphony is my favourite. What about you ?
 I just love the accessibility of rock. It's so raw 
 Awesome! I have a nice chat.
 Yeah it was nice talking to you, too. I guess football and music kind of do go together in some ways LOL.
 Yes, Its quite interesting.
 Amazing! Its make ourself stress-free and make happier.
 Yeah, music is pretty great when you're just listening. no stress
 Yes, most of the time it make ourself calm and patience.
 Not the Ramones, though. I mean they punked out for 20 years straight at one point LOL
 You ever played football in school days ?
 I find that surprising! I am looking forward to watching the playoffs and then the Superbowl the first Sunday in February. 
 That's pretty interesting. I learned a lot. Thanks for chatting!
 Thanks. Have a good day!
 So apparently this Butler guy stole a jersey it seems?
 I did know that! He got picked late and so it's commonly thought of as one of the best draftings in history. Do you like the Pats?
 I see. I don't follow football really, I never played as a kid. I'm a model, like Tom brady's wife, gisele bundchen, I make a buttload of cash.
 Interesting. Also, an average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Thanks capitalism!
 That makes sense.  They probably did it while Trump was thinking about those pesky migrant caravans.
 I just wish he would lift the partial ban on motorized vehicles on Mackinac Island.  There is horse dung everywhere there.
 Maybe they could get Iceland build the wall.  Cause, ya know, Iceland has no public rail service.  They just fly everywhere.
 Yeah, I heard it from King Kalakaua of Hawaii.  He was the first king to travel around the world.
 I don't know.  I learned about it while I was paying a road toll in Japan.  Can you believe it costs $300 dollars to drive all the way across?  It's cheaper to drive on Mackinac Island.
 To drive all the way across Japan!  It's a really long country.  Lot's longer than Mackinac Island.  I think.
 It really should be.  I'm pretty sure it's called Yen.  The money they use.  And everything is crazy expensive over there.  A bacon roll and a Pepsi is $20.
 Visiting while I was in the Navy.  The best way to earn a small fortune in Japan is to start with a large one.
 It's like...  okay, think of New York, but WAY more lights and you are surrounded by people who you have no idea what they are saying.   I will say that they are insanely polite though.  
 oh totally!  they do politeness and decorative lighting really really well.
 nice ;) Thank you for an interesting chat m8 ! ;)
 yup, happy turking
 Maybe Trump will decide he wants to take that much time to roam around the world too!
 Yeah! Anyway, thanks for the chat!
 Bye
 well that island is actually in Michigan, I've been there and its pretty dumb and boring, also it smells like horse poop everywhere
 Hello!
 Not at all, I have no idea
 What a problem, it seems that a whole conflict was created.
 Yes, exactly. And the thing is that you can not stay behind and have to defend yourself. At least this is hard for me, but you have to know how to act
 Well, luckily I have learned my own defenses and I also have my merits with weapons
 Well, if we knew more about who we are both, I would invite you to one. But luck, it was a pleasure
 Thanks, have a good day
 Bye
 Yes that's right that was for his character on Aladdin, the genie!
 Yes he did. Did you know that John cena holds the record for most make a wishs granted?
 I didnt know that, so not only a  great actor but also a celebrity with a big heart. 
 All the best luck to him. I wondr if You tube star jenna marble is doing anything to help the world. She can afford to she is making 346000 a year.
 She does. Im sure of it. Did you hear about the other justin beiber. A man in his 30s who got banned from facebook just for haveing the same name as Beiber.
 I didnt, that is so funny lol and also really unfair why ban poor 30 year old Justin. 
 Yeah i feel bad for other justin. Not justin number one justin number two. Did you know they are coming out with a new space jam movie?
 No its gonna be lebron james. Space jam is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time.
 Have you ever watched the harlem globetrotters. The washington generals have played them over 13000 times but won only 6 games.
 No they were not. Dr james Naismith invented basketball. I dont know who invented volleyball.
 Yep great chat. Have a great day.
 Haha somehow that is a show I would love to watch though, its just too bad it would have real world implications due to the dysfunction! pretty crazy that the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums, I would definitely listen to a trump pop album haha
 What a different music world it would be if he had. I heard there was a judge who delivered her ruling in a suit against Eminem. I wonder how her flow was?
 What do they say. I find your rhymes tasty and your demeanor pleasing?
 Maybe the new party could be orange since Repubs and Dems have red and blue locked down.
 lol  The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.   Must be to make visitors more cozy.
 That's a good point!  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president.  I could see Hillary and Trump duking it out if that was like that today.  lol
 Yes it would. lol  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.  He might fit in with those 2 and that reality show!
 Yes!   I could see him rapping!  lol
 Yes that's right! Hahah  Rapper Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance"!
 That's awesome, I'm a huge Tupac fan, nice to see it recognize by the Library of Congress
 I agree!  Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before he became a rapper!  I didn't know that.
 In 2001 a Michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against Eminem. lol
 Yes. lol Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called compliment battle.  I bet that sounds differebt
 Rapper Busta Rhymes voiced the Reptar wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie. I forgot about that.  It's been fun chatting!
 Well I guess at least he does not release pop albums like the president of indonesia does!
 Perhaps he could pull one off though, how could we know?
 Haha, funny, I had thought about him rapping before. I'd listen. Though he wouldn't be my favorite rapper. Eminem is.
 I liked him better when he wanted to be a comic book artist. I am not anti-Eminem, I just prefer elevator music.
 The thought of it was probably better than the execution. I doubr it will be filed under "Cultural Significance" in the Library of Congress though...
 Yeah, I heard Tupac's music is there. I like his music as well.
 I would love to hear some Korean freestyle "compliment battle"
 He is a free thinker, I give him that! Problem with those that think out loud is that not everyone agrees with the thoughts... There has not been a President that wasn't either a Dem or a Repub since 1853, so Kanye doesn't have much to choose from...
 Red stands for the party of embarrassing behavior and blue stands for the party that stinks so badly that you want to hold your breath when you are around them.  Did you know that every US President that has had a beard has been a Republican?  Why are they not known as the Fuzzy Party?
 But he could have captured the votes of elephant enthusiasts everywhere!  His loss. I guess he rode a Donkey home then?
 And as I recall, that time period was not a great period in our history either...  Wasn't there a great depression around 1928-1929?  
 Population demographics are shifting markedly these days. Who knows what the future holds... and wht the effects will be ion the power structures in Washington...
 I hope so.  Maybe Busta Rhymes will run for president in 2020? He already has the Rugrat vote because of his voice acting in their movie...
 Haha, I liked the Rugrats. I'm going to go watch some cartoons now. Have a good day!
 Yeah that is just silly to be honest.  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 Yeah me too. Anyways, great chat! Have a good day!
 It doesn't seem right at all.  They were secretly paying the families of top basketball recruits right?
 I bet.  Definately seems shady to me.  Are you a basketball fan then?
 Nice.  Me too.  Did you know that Space Jam is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time?
 Yes!  Me too.  Did you know that Shaq only scored a 3 pointer once during his career?
 LOL  Did you know that both volleyball and basketball were invented at the YMCA?
 I just found that out.  The Washington Generals have played the Harlem Globetrotters an incredible 13,000 times but only won 6 games!
 They have been around a long time.  5 years after retirement 60 percent of NBA players are broke.  I don't know how they can burn through that money like that.
 Yes!  Even more surprising is the an incredible 78 percent of NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress only 2 years after retirement!  Crazy.
 Holy cow!  That makes me feel like a little tiny grain of sand.  I'll never come close to making that in a lifetime for what he gets for 1 year!  Then to get 32 million at once?  I can't even imagine.
 Yea he played it smart. Nice chatting with you.
 LOL yep he should have done that! Even Michael Jordan should have done that while he was wearing his Air Jordans LOL
 No, I wrap my head with tinfoil and pretend.  So, in 1932, when the  USA lost, was there a basketball court under the ice.  The usa players could switch to basketball.
 Perhaps there was something lost in the english to english translation.  What for Governor, is this a bong before me or is it the sun.
 I don't remember that one. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Hello! I am a fan of Basketball and find it funny they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building!
 Exactly! That should be the only goal lol
 I heard about that! And look how big Air Jordans became, I am sure they were happy to pay the fine lol
 Exactly! Money money! Tim Duncan gave up money to stay in college for 4 years instead of going straight to the NBA....
 Wow, he's pretty fortunate to be retired and be set for life!
 Really? LOL, rotary dial phones were awful, I wonder if theres anyone that still has one lol
 Yes, I like Stephan Currey. What about you?
 The Toronto Raptors. They are my favorite team. Which one is yours?
 I am not sure. However, Michael Jordan still wore the Air Jordans to NBA games and he paid the fine every time.
 That's hilarious, what a funny pun! I wonder if any of the justices play ball up there, they seem to be pretty old to be using that court though. If anything, I think they should try the granny style of shooting!
 The person who invented basketball is the only  losing coach in the University of Kansas's history. Talk about ironic.
 Wow! Thats amazing. I am not sure where to sign up but I sure want to.
 Howdy!  No, not really.  Yeah, this Burakovsky guy seems like a player
 Yeah, I guess they would be important.  It be hard to handle the stick with a broken thumb.  He had a couple of long goalless streaks, too. 
 No doubt!  He went on to win 4 stanley cups so they probably should have just kept him!
 Yeah, I hear that.  I never saw Pokemon, though.  I used to watch that 70s Show.  Looks like they tried to do it in the UK but it was cancelled after only 10 episodes
 Probably somewhat. But I don't think the creators of The Simpsons like FG too much. South Park did an episode ripping on FG and The Simpsons crew sent them flowers lol
 lol sure sounds like they are not big fans.  I guess they think FG is too similar to what they do. 
 You have to admire someone like Tim Duncan for staying in college.  But you have to wonder if it risky, and if he is just helping the system.
 I used to live in DC, around the time Jordan was playing for them.  I also used to do some poetry slams at a Borders with some of the Wizards, I can't recall the names.  Only that they were big, in stature that is.
 I do like it!  I like watching when they play outdoors especially.  An average hockey player loses up to 8 pounds each game!
 lol  Me too!  There was a hockey player who was once traded for $1 and went on to win 4 Stanley cups.  I'm going to have to look his name up.
 Did you know that up in Canada they have two national sports - hockey and lacrosse.
 Yes.  They are the only country in the world to have two national sports.
 I watch a lot of tv during the winter.  I've never seen any of the 750 episodes of Pokemon though.
 I have the first ones in the season, really cool show, Pikachu is the best pokemon in my book, 
 I know Pikachu  lol  Cute little thing!  I have to get running. I enjoyed chatting with you!
 I know right I also like charizzard, other great Pokemon and its been nice chatting I also enjoyed our chat, bye
 No I did not know that and to think we have come such a long way from rotary phones! I don't even memorize phone numbers anymore thanks to the speed dial and contacts features.
 That's exactly why I'm so dependent on my iPhone but is it worth the $1K price tag, I'd have to think about that.
 Shoe is item which cover foot and protect them and keep our feet very safe. It is used for item of decoration and fashion also.
 I only use leather shoe. It more comfortable for me. Do you have any favourite shoe ?
 Yes. But we can use it for any climate condition. But it is not good for jogging purpose.  Shoes making become commercialized in 18th century.
 In 19th century started as handicraft and then moved to large warehouse with machanized with production occur in large factories.
 In earlier days, Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor. Marc brunel developed machinery for the production of mass number of shoes for soldiers British army.
 Television is a mass medium for advertising, news and entertainment purpose.
 Yeah. After the second world war the television was improved into Black and white. There are so many improvement in the TV technology.
 Sometime only i watched it. I watch only sports channel and discovery channel. It is the best for entertainment in home. Sometime serials.
 yeah they are too convenient now. nice chat
 I like watching television when I get time.  South Park is a guilty pleasure and back in the day I loved The Simpsons.  How about you?  Any shows you hate to admit that you like or watch?
 The Office was outstanding!  Such awesome satire.  Some people really like Family Guy as well, but I can understand why the South Park creators take shots at it sometime.  It's gotten stale over the years.
 Thanks to you as well.  It was fun talking with you!  
 on another note, I have a second job at a shoe store. It is funny that shoes  can be tied at least 17 different ways.
 I think it is funny that Bill Nye the science guy holds a patent for ballet shoes! Ha
 Omg! I am also a TV and movie fan. the weekend update is the longest running skit. I dan remember watching it as a kid!
 How fun is that! I also cannot believe that Homer Simpson has had 188 jobs. 
 Homer is the man! Everything from astronaut to plow king.
 so nice to speak with you!
 good day!
 haha ya I wonder if trump will do a concert with Kanye, that would be crazy!
 I heard about that.  A lottery was thought to help stop the creation of an oligarchy
 Yeah, and there is always a chance of having someone competent, instead of someone who has a chance of winning an election. 
 sad.  They should do a study on voter turnout like Psephology is the study of results and statistics relating to elections.  Never heard that term.
 i wish!  or we could have a pop star run for president...  the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums since he has been in office.  crazy
 nice.  makes sense to me.  nice chatting
 It would be terrible lol, but it would be fun to watch so yeah, we should allow that rule again its not like things could be worse in the house 
 That is interesting. Maybe they were onto something. I like knowing that elections have been the standard since about the 17th century
 That would be insane. You would have Hillary Clinton is the vice president and Trump is the president. That would make for a great TV show though LOL
 I love leaders of republics. How about you?
 JFK was one of them. I am less sure about the others.
 But Washington had wooden teeth didn't he? YOu think he could afford ivory... Does the President of Zimbabwe, Pres Banana,  has his original teeth?
 Maybe he has gone soft on crime?  Or, maybe it is his stage name, in preparation for release of his new cd? He has to catch up on released albums to the standard set by Pres of Indonesia 
 That is funny. Another funny fact: The runner up in Pres elections used to automatically earn the spot of VP. Can you imagine the insaity it would create if that rule wa still in place?
 They need some of it to store the Eiffel Tower they just bought froom some impersonator of the French Gov...
 Incredible!  At least the Norwegian Gov didn;t bite. They had their money tied up in a $1 Bil pledge to help save the Amazon rain forest.
 I wish more people could pledge that much money
 I wonder what the French dude accepted as payment for the tower?  Well, all this show of confidence is why states like Nevada are putting a slot for "None of these candidates" on the ballot for Pres...
 While you are researching, find out who the tallest presidential candidate is this go round... Since 1900, the taller candidate has wone over 70% of the time...
 Hi there! Not sure about you but I love the drama.
 Oh I have not ever heard that. I wonder how tall Trump is. Did you know that Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these candidates" voting option for Presidential elections?
 I would think they would know better. I know during the 2012 US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in 9 states.
 Thank you, likewise! Have a good one.
 same
 Hi, how are you?
 I did not. I bet that makes trump angry. He does not like to lose that type of thing. 
 He's not top 3 is he? I think we should call him Presiden tBanana though...
 That would be a funny nickname, in honor to Zimbawes first president.
 HA. You're right!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Is that a ticket you can buy on Ticket Master? lol
 I agree. I would like to hear the president of indonesias pop songs 
 Really? I did not know that he made pop songs? That is funny. They should have a presidents singing competition 
 I love that name. He was the first president of zimbabwe. Have a good night
 Hi how are you?
 No... it does not benefit them to do so. like reading those pesky terms of service when buying something online.
 I always just click accept and hope for the best. I am part of the 93%. If you are on mt everest, you can read it with your 3G!
 Are you on Facebook? I tried giving it up for this year, only when I need it, and dont really miss it.
 I did not know that. That's different.
 No... I would actually wear big wigs and have so much fun. I would do the whole thing with a glass of wine.
 Cool. You sound like the Indonesian President that released 3 pop albums while in office. 
 Ha! Are Indonesians that hungry for music?
 Nice chatting with you!
 I actually used to go to Prince William county sometimes in the past.  Used to live in DC, but they have an Ikea there, we were always at it.
 Not as much as I used to, I have kids and they get to it first.  It's fine, I used to feel guilty about the amount of TV I watched.
 I've had different favorites at different times in my life, I did used to enjoy the Simpsons.  Now I just find a drama and watch it through and then move onto another.
 Most of the entertainment in this household is had by the kids, my son is playing one of those console right now, Fortnite on his Xbox.
 Not really, I'm not originally from the US so it is not in my blood, it is another thing that does not say entertainment to me.  I have a dog, I enjoy the peaceful entertainment of a long walk with then dog.
 Jessie, a little white dog, full of energy.  In fact I have to walk her now.  Have a good day.
 hello
 yes absolutely, or this one : Jan. 13. Three males entered a residence. There was no sign of forced entry. disgusting
 I think more serious. One more awful crime, A 19-year-old Triangle man was arrested and charged with discharging a firearm within a dwelling, providing a false identity to avoid arrest, possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia, have you heard about that?
  The man pushed the boy to the ground, demanded property and grabbed the boy by the neck. The boy bit the man and fled. what do you think?
 let's talk about television
 My sonis watching Bill Nye right now. He got his break in entertainment by winning a steve martin lookalike contest, lol.
 wow so nice, Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each, do you watch it?
 wow so sweet, did your son ever watched pokemon?
 yes exactly. Does your son love dogs?
 how cool, did you know that The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa as modern wolves are not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated, which implies that the direct ancestor of the dog is extinct?
 I didn't know that information. Also stanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles... 
 I wish we had that here. Google states in their code of conduct that they are a "dog company" rather than a cat company.
 yes. And are you aware that Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight?
 Here in the states it was Ringo, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin.  They all did it for at least 52 episodes each.  
 No way!  I'm going to have to look that up.  My kids used to watch it when they were little.  They were also into Pokemon.
 I agree there.  There are over 750 episodes of Pokemon. lol
 lol  We used to like the original Nintendo entertainment system that could display only 54 colors.  From there we went on to Super Nintendo...then the kids kept playing and I lost interest. lol
 I'm guessing.  The Nintendo system was discontinued in Sept. of 2003 in Japan.  I didn't even think it lasted that long.  That must have been when the Game cube I think it was called came along.
 If they are like the Britain's when Caesar paid a visit to them around 50 BC.  Then yes! Lol
 I used to drive to Prince William county years back, it had the closest IKEA to DC, we'd go fairly often, for my wife a trip to IKEA is her form of entertainment.  I think I'd prefer the chickens.
 Haha nice  Bill Nye 
 lol I meant to say earlier that Bill Nye "The science guy" got his break in entertainment by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest.  I've never been to an IKEA!  Lol
 It's funny how your life can change based on what seems an insignificant event.  I should ask people who I look like.
 lol right?  Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because the executive didn't think he looked like a president. lol It's been fun chatting!
 Yes, same here.  When I become famous for looking like someone I recall this chat, have a good day.  Bye.
 It is for sure a great game. And the best part it isn't just limited to the US like american football. The Japanese love it just as much as we do. 
 Wow that is really neat. I like to see that we have such a long standing tradition here. It brings people together to enjoy a common pastime. 
 It really does. It might be neat to see a game in person too. The last time the Chicago cubs won a world series the Ottoman empire was still around!
 I think it was the kingof Hawaii right? His name was King kalakaua. I bet he saw a lot of things that he thought he would never see on that trip haha.
 Yeah I had not idea about that either. It was nice chatting with you, thanks!
 Yeah that is true, more convenient I guess Nice chat
 I do to some extent.  I keep an eye on the president.  lol
 Nice.  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  LOL
 It is.  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  Wonder how he had the time to do that?
 That would be hysterical! LOL  Did you know that up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president.  Could you imagine the chaos if that was still like that today.  Hillary and Trump would have boxing gloves on in the front yard of the White House.
 I know.  Speaking of the White House the US presidents guest house is actually larger than the White House.
 I do watch it when I can.  I think Richard Nixon has something to do with creating it.
 I bet that would have been a success.  Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 I don't know.  I was thinking of visiting there.  They banned motorized vehicles there for over 100 years and most people travel by horse-drawn carriages or bikes.  Kind of sounds nice to me.
 It was good talking to you. 
 Yeah it could easily be that. Nice chatting with you
 I would assume not, the network was created by republican strategists after all, apparently Richard Nixon was involved
 yes I think so, would you watch a channel that was entirely dedicated to the simpsons? I guess fox had talked about actually making that happen at some point haha
 I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Yeah I guess they put tracking chips on the ball too. They can track the rotation and velocity. I think that can be useful, especially for stats and stuff like that
 Good morning!
 He has more than 2000 yards rushing!  That's pretty good!
 I bet they regret that! Only 0.53% of the people who visit reddit actually participate in voting for content.
 This surprised me since the games are so long. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
 You bet I am! I probably shouldn't be, but I use Facebook and Reddit and Twitter and Snapchat. I'm pretty sure nothing I do goes undocumented at the moment. What about you?
 Plus there 27 billion upvotes to think about!
 They even brought him in to visit the casket in the Rotunda of the capital and he was so well mannered and behaved. He captured Americas heart then.
 He sure did. Apparently before that he had already gathered 98,000 followers on social media. He will continue to serve by helping wounded soldiers and active military personnel during recovery. 
 President Banana is a fun name, I wish we would have a President with a name like that.
 Trump should drop a couple pop albums, maybe it would help his rating!
 I have a dog.  A husky.  There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have!
 Isn't that crazy!  I had no idea they had those.
 I saw that.  They even put it in their code of conduct!  
 I didn't know that!  Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.  That makes sense.
 Hahah  They must have been good if he released 3 of them.  There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853!
 Neat.  Every US president with a beard has been a republican.
 Nice!  Before the last election the last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928!
 LOL What a funny name!  I had a good time chatting!  Hope you have a great day!
 Hi.  Yes, I have two dogs
 I agree. Did you know that Istanbul has vending machines where in exchange for recycled plastic bottles it releases food and water for stray dogs? What an amazing program. 
 That is super cool.  I wish we had that kind of thing in this country. I see strays all the time but I can't do much to help them.
 I agree. We should absolutely implement a program like that. There is no downside. 
 I find it interesting.  Especially when you find out that the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 No, I didnt know that, I would like that lol, but I did hear that the dog was the most famous in White House history.
 Really, that is wonderful!  I'm glad that some people care for the dogs in Istanbul by donating their recycling to the food and water dog vending machines.  It's hard to see stray dogs suffering otherwise.
 It seems like more animals would respond to pointing. Did you know dogs have 12 different blood types?
 I would have been tempted to keep him too.  I always thought of the Bush's with that Springer Spaniel
 Maybe that's why mine looks at me like I'm nuts half the time.  They understand pointing as elephants do too!
 Kinda like the weatherman making dressed characters with umbrellas and so forth.  ANyway  was fun chatting with you.
 Yea, I love dogs, they are so cool how they vary in shape, size, and colors
 Yea, it's awesome Istanbul uses the vending machine to give food and water to stray dogs
 Hi, do you watch Brooklyn nine nine?
 Me too. Although they had some infighting at one point. Fox News wanted to sue the simpsons.
 Those are good. It's the only time we really get to see the aliens.
 Yeah. I remember we had a small TV we took on camping trips and it never worked. 
 It was great chatting with you! Have a great day!
 That surely is. Nice chatting with you.
 Good morning. I like dramas especially when they are combined with music like opera.
 For his working on House MD? He deserves it! $700,000 per episode must be nice. 
 It really is. I didn't realize that although I am glad and hope he does more comedies. Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school. His acting in that Black Mirror episode was one of my favorite!
 Seriously how is that even possible? I think it's great even people who don't have the blessing of eyesight can read using braille.
 Not too sure lol. Braille was such a great invention.
 Yes. It basically links the interpretation of symbols to tactile symbols. 
 Very good for blind people. It was good chatting with you!
 All this talk makes me want to go read now! Great conversing with you as well. 
 Great talking with you as well. Take care. 
 I agree. People continue starting new schools, but lately many have been shutting down because of lack of students. We should be putting more focus on quality than quantity. Thank you for this discussion.
 Yeah I don't think that guy is for her. So I think Amy gave her good advice
 I have seen that movie I think that the movie is really good, I can't believe that it's endorsed by the US military though
 Yep that's right. I tried to speed read but it was too hard I didn't retain any information myself haha
 It sounds fun. You read terrible poetry and I think if you laugh then you lose!
 I'm not a huge fan of sci-fi either. It never really satisfied me. I haven't read it either. 
 Agreed. Have a good day too!
 Reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding symbols to derive meaning. It is a form of language processing. Did you know ?
 The world record for speed reading is held by anne jones, with the reading speed 4,700 words per minute.
 She is reading a speech. Reading makes your mind strong and ability to think of it.
 It is a complex interaction between text and reader, shaped by prior knowledge.
 Its about reading.
 Yes, I read it. The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana.
 But It was not followed in now days ?
 The US president guest house is larger than the white house.
 NO, The president is a common title for the head of state in most republics.
 In authoritarian regimes, a dicator or leader of a one party state may also be called a president.
 Yes, He wants to know the current political situation and people sufferings.
 Yes, A library is a collection of sources of information and similar resources.
 In norway, the government will buy books and distribute them to libraries.
 It help more people educated make them thinking positively.
 I agree with it. Thank you.
 1895 william gladstone started a library with his own books.
 I agree with it.
 Yes exactly. And I like that they're no concrete laws in reading but it provides an escape for readers to produce their own products introspectively.
 Yes very true. Not so much anymore but they are a great concept. I love that there are more libraries than there are McDonalds.
 Yes you are right. The government will buy 1000 copies of your book and distribute them to libraries throughout the country. Very cool idea.
 That is such a neat idea. Almost as good of an idea as the Sacramento library starting a library of things.
 Another great use of libraries! He is now a lawyer helping people like himself!
 Very noble indeed. I love people who create libraries. Like that UK Prime Minister in 1895...donating so much of his collection is such a great gesture. Great chatting with you I hope you have a good one.
 Bye :)
 So do I.  In Norway, the gov't will buy 1000 copies of your book if you publish one.
 Yes, that is cool.  After Norway buy's the copies, it gives them to libraries throughout the country.
 Same here, have a good one
 Hi, how are you?
 I do, do you like television?
 I do go to the arts. I live in chicago and broadway in chicago is common for me to see.
 Wow, that's a strange fact! I tried to give it up as my new years resolution but I need it for work so I cannot give it up all the way. I am doing well and do not miss it.
 Wow, that's too much for news... Nice chatting with you
 Yes that's him. That's definitely an awesome dad! It's great that the video of that has been viewed nearly 40 million times
 I haven't seen it, but he sounds like an awesome dad.  Some guys might not have done that, but it's good that he has such a strong bond with his daughter.
 That's a lot of shoes!  I wonder how expensive they are.  Music and dance are such a big part of people's lives.  Even babies dance when they hear music and smile to the beat.  That's pretty cool.
 I knew there had to be a little mechanical assistance on some of those dance moves, especially the extreme leans!  People can say what they want about him, but he had some serious moves.  Some of the choreography in his videos is hard to believe!
 And I'm glad that he patented it to because I think he would do it the best LOL I don't see any other performer doing it like he did
 I was never a fan.  I do, however, like South Park as a guilty pleasure.  One of my favorites is when they satirized Family Guy.  Even Simpsons creators showed them a little love for that.
 Yep I think the Simpsons crew sent South Park Flowers didn't they? That's a sign of respect LOL
 Already 750 episodes!! that would be too much Pikachu for me as well lol
 I like Bill Murray.  I also liked the song "Do the Bartman" as written by Michael Jackson.
 That is so impressive, I really liked him as a singer too. Nice chatting with you
 I wonder about that too, as this is an ongoing process. Nice chatting with you.
 Haha, yeah. That is true. But I think I'd be bored without them. I love doing kid stuff and having an excuse to. The other day I followed one of them through a tunnel at a park. Imagine how I would look if I did that without a kid? Haha.
 That's funny.  Yeah, that would look weird. Jessica Watson is a good writer. It's easy to relate. 
 I liked those phones. I liked the sound they made. 
 Yes I love to go on road trips!  What about you?
 It sure would have been a different experience than today that's for sure.  The Model T was manufactured by Ford.
 Yes.  Back in 1975 so they could accomodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars.  Did you know that the trunk of car is called that because in the old days cars used to have wooden trunks on the back?
 LOL  who knows?  In South Africa it's legal to equip your car with a flame thrower to prevent carjacking.  Could you imagine that?
 I never knew that!  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest to dial on a rotary phone back in the day.
 lol I did know that about the earth!  A sad note is that more than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.
 I remember that show!  3rd Rock from the Sun.  I thought it was funny.  When Earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.  Interesting.
 Yes.  Always wanted to visit there and I love American Dad. Funny show!  Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century.
 LOL  I didn't know that.  I know that 71 percent of the Earths surface is covered with water.
 Hello. Are you a Simpson's fan? There is only one episode where Bart doesn't exist, they don't even mention his name. He's the entire show!
 He even lent his talents to video games, by helping write the soundtrack for Sonic 3.
 He had specially designed shoes that helped him achieve that extreme lean, and the moonwalk. It's like everything was theatrical with him.
 Yes you're right. I think it's nice that McDonald's invented that though, it was helpful to the people in military fatigues because they couldn't leave their cars
 Hey Are You familiar with how YouTube works?
 I am its fan, how about you
 their videos are so good and access is very easy.
 lol I hear you, you can still have a piece of your pie from YouTube though I work with them and I at one point was able to make up to 3k a month, they allow registered users to upload videos and create channels you know, so you can make money with them too like that. 
 I know and ever since then people have now access and can upload their own videos onto the website, comment and subscribe to others. its fascinating, isn't it ? 
 OMG That's something huh? No wonder even media corporations like CBS, BBC and Hulu use it. 
 wow that's something, I think Video takes way too much bandwisth, because both Netflix and YouTube are video streaming websites.  
 Yeah that's so true both netflix and YouTube Combined make up half of peak internet traffic in North America. 
 exactly.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 Happy holidays to you too. 
 bye
 bye
 bye
 alright 
 thank
 Hello
 Yes, I think that is why they didn't want women to wear pants for a while because it was a tradition. But like the gavel, I agree with you that some traditions should change. 
 Do you have any questions to ask me because I used to be a youtuber?
 A little bit how bout you.
 I feel exactly the same way. Plus I just dont understand why they cant just sit down and make a decision. Its always arguing and putting each other down.
 It's all political theater designed to manipulate voters. In Indonesia, their President released three pop albums while in office. Som people think that is bizarre, but compared to what we have here, I would find it refreshing.
 Yeah. At least he is having fun with life huh. You would think he would have a lot to do to be able to record 3 albums while in office but hey. 
 Lol. I wonder if that is his actual name or if somebody just started calling him that.
 In 1988, the Senate invoked an old rule to forceable bring the senators to the chamber to get some work done.
 That would be nice but the way things have been going. I just dont see it happeniong anytime soon.
 If a national hero with some common sense were elected, he might go a long way, but the smart ones stay away from politics. Like Michael Jordan, who when asked why he didn't support one democratic candidate over a republican stated, "Republicans buy shoes too!"  Once a person steps into the arena of politics, they quickly find themselves covered in slime...
 So true. I think trump is a smart guy actually. I think he actually know how to et us back on track at least economically. He just wants to put his two cents in and control stuff that he doesnt know anythin about. 
 I agree. He is a lightening rod for mud-slinging, and that doesn't help, but he is trying to move things in a positive direction.  Let's change the topic here. Are you into reading? You know, that cognitive process of decoding symbols to derive meaning?
 I have never heard it put that way, but I read to my son every night before bed thats about all the reading I don to be honest.
 There is something pure and innocent about reading to a child!  Thank you for that image...it helps distance my thought from our former topic!  Do you read CS Lewis or Tolkien to your child?
 he is only two so its mainly thomas the train or christmas stories. Lol.
 Wise to be careful in what you choose to read to your son!  In the 18th century, there was a moral panic in the population as reading of novels spread.  Thomas the Train is not likely to cause a moral panic!
 I knoow right. Thank god because every time we go to get new books. All I hear is choo choo, or santa. Lol.
 Well, reading is a great means to accelorate language acquisition. You are doing well to support your child's learning in this way!  He will remember these moments forever!  One of my earliest memories is of my mother reading about the "Swift-legged cheetah"
 I sure hope he does. Been good talking to you.
 Same here. Have a great day!
 Yes that is crazy, you would think more would have higher college degrees, what I do want is for a president to release a pop album like the president of indonesia haha
 haha that is an awesome idea! I would definitely buy that album, imagine how epic that would be and how it could potentially bring everyone together
 I think it would, at least it would show that Democrats and Republicans can work together. 
 I am definitely a YouTube fan. I follow about 30 channels. Are you a subscriber too, so that you can comment on other's videos or do you just surf without registering?
 We also watch a lot of Netflix too. In fact almost every night we choose Netflix over normal TV channels.
 Yeh, that is kind of weird. I need to watch more horror movies to burn of 180 calories at a pop.  Ha. Have a good night and thanks for sharing.
 Ha. Blessings!
 I am a baseball fan!  The pitcher who did that was Daisuke Matsuzaka.  He ended up pitching for the Boston Red sox.
 I've never seen it happen but would be neat to see.  Up until 2005 a married couple scheduled all 2340 MLB games played each year for 24 years.
 I'm not sure.  It was so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as America's national pastime!
 He hit the jackpot!  Do you like to watch tv?
 I've never seen that one either.  I do love the Simpsons!
 I remember Thomas.  My kids were little when the show was at it's peak.  Then they got into Pokemon.
 lol  There are over 750 episodes of Pokemon.  I just never quite understood it myself.
 I used to watch it in the late 90s.  Did you ever have a Nintendo gaming system?
 Yes it was.  They finally discontinued it in Japan in 2003.
 Wow I didn't know that!  Would have liked to have seen it too. 
 Yes.  lol  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!  Have a great day!
 Yeah, they have what's know as growth plates.  Not healthy to over do it.  Funny aside:  The Albuquerque minor league team got their name (isotopes) from the Simpsons.
 That's interesting.  I never heard that before.  Do you play kickball?  I played that a lot as a child and now with my kids.  It's called soccer-baseball in Canada.  
 You have a good day too.
 That is pretty cool to me actually.  Well it was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 I would have be happy with only $1M! However, I would have taken all $3M!!! Have you ever seen the albuquerque isotopes?
 They are a baseball team named after the simpsons baseball team. It an omage!
 I love footbal!
 I know. NOw, the average engineer make smore than the avg football player.
 Yes, that is the one. I'm going to go watch some sports right now. Catch you later!
 Yeah good call!  And same to you, have a good one!
 I remember how much fun it was to watch. I especially liked Oscar the Grouch. I think I identified with him a bit, haha.
 Big Bird was fun. I used to joke that he reminded me of my brother because they were both so tall! It's funny that Oscar and Big Bird were played by the same person.
 They taught him lessons while they taught children lessons too. Oscar showed that even when you're grouchy, it's important to be good at heart.
 Yes, they can mimic just about everything, you should look it up on Youtube when you have a second, a lyre bird I believe, the funniest is when they mimic a chain saw.
 It's really hilarious, you'd never know the difference if you weren't looking at the bird.  I remember watching it on television a few years back, The Life of Birds.
 Not as much as I used to, my son has taken over control of the remote.  I like to catch up on South Park when he's in bed.
 I might appear to be like Oscar the Grouch here, but I think that might be more than we really need, they could probably stopped at 20.
 Interesting. I was a big fan of the Simpsons when Conan was writing for them. Well, nice chatting with you!
 Me too, I really like the old ones.  The show got less good towards the end.  Good talking to you too.  Seriously, check out the  lyre bird, there are lots of Youtube clips.  Good bye.
 Take it easy! Have a good evening.
 I used to when my kids were young.  I liked Oscar the Grouch.  He seemed realistic.
 Indeed it is. Do you also like South Park? I think it was nice of the Simpson's crew to send the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode!
 Wow! That is cool! I assumed drive-thrus were always around. I also think it's cool that the Cadillac brand was named after the French explorer who founded Detroit, Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac!
 hello how are you doing? Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 Yes, and do you like Basketball?
 Yes, me also. But it's very interesting game in the world. 
 National Basketball Association (NBA), professional basketball league formed in the United States in 1949 by the merger of two rival organizations, the National Basketball League (founded 1937) and the Basketball Association of America (founded 1946).
 By the early 1980s the NBA was plagued by money-losing franchises, low attendance, declining television ratings, and limited national appeal. The league soon rebounded under the leadership of David Stern, NBA commissioner from 1984, who helped transform it into an international entertainment company.
 Yes, that's nice.
 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is an American retired professional basketball player who played 20 seasons in the National Basketball Association for the Milwaukee Bucks and the Los Angeles Lakers.
 James Naismith wrote and developed the game's original thirteen rules and, through the YMCA network, quickly spread the news throughout the country.
  The Tall Blacks name is one of many national team nicknames related to the All Blacks. The team has won three FIBA Oceania Championships, and twice appeared in the Olympic Games.
 I think overall this is one of the best game. 
 Yes,  its pretty entertaining as well. 
 That's true. Thank you very much. 
 As long as you do not use it in the drive thru, I am assuming! McDonalds was the first restaurant to have a drive thru!!
 I think it was in 1975. They did it for the soliders so they didn't have to get out of the car.
 I think the Army has serious regulations about when and where soldiers can be out in uniform. I thought it was out of vietnam shame but I do no think that is right.
 Yeah, plus it helps their bottom line! The're not all altruistic!
 I had no idea. I wonder why he gets all the credit for it? Seems like someone should set the record straight.
 I do. I am a chicago bulls fan so it is a lean year... You?
 Kareem was so dominant! I am not surprised. they banned it to balance the completive balance.
 I love the internet. Its a huge connection of computers and networks
 I wonder if they have my internet profile? If they cannot restore that, how else will I be able to egosurf?
 Sounds as exciting transposing War and Peace into binary code. Of course, since humans are responsible for the minority of activity on the internet, outnumbered by automated programs, there probably is a bot doing that task as we text...
 Old SNL episodes are a good place to start! Weekend Update debuted on the very first episode so you can catch up on witty news-cycle dependent humor.
 Nice. In the first 400 episodes of the Simpsos, Homer has held 188 different jobs. So, you can devote the next few years of your life by binging on the Simpsons and keeping track of Homer's employment status.
 True, and those little creatures sure are great actors, but maybe not quite as god as Shakespear. You know, the only Shakespear play not made into a film or TV was called, "The Noble Kinsmen" I look forward to when it is made into a Simpson parody.
 Nice. Producers of the Simpsons are classy people. Did you see that Twilight parody on the Simpsons, where the role of Edward Cullen was voiced by Daniel Radcliffe? It was a riot!
 Definitely. I can't remember, but do the Simpsons have a dog? AKA canis lupus AKA the domestic wolf...
 we used to have a dog but she is gone, I actually wanted to get a dog yesterday I was at the pet store and they had a super cute shih tzu there that I held!
 So cute you should definitely give that Shih Tzu a home! I prefer dogs to cats and apparently so does Google as they are a dog company
 I think they would, they are really intelligent, I wanted to have a Pikachu as a kid lol, its been almost 16 years since then.
 I did watch it, it was one of my favorite shows
 ya George Carlins voice is too iconic for me I think that wouldn't work as well, did you ever watch the simpsons?
 LOL... i have no clue!  I have never watched it!
 That's true... but the simpsons do the same thing and have been doing it wayyyy longer than south park!
 Oh yeah!  Definitely a dog person... i have one my self... can't stand cats!
 I am sure they get treats!!!  All good dogs should get treats :D
 Yeah, I feel it's good to have a back up plan.
 The national basketball association sets rules for players pay and a draft to ensure that teams are roughly equal.
 That's a smart move in my opinion. Education is important.
 Good morning! How are you?
 I have also seen zero episodes of Pokemon! I never got into that craze. I have seen a lot of Pj Masks haha 
 Oh yes, for sure! I also had no idea that Alec Baldwin narrated The Tank Engine. I love him! 
 Seriously though! Did you know there is a saved copy of the internet in case it burns down?! How crazy! 
 I think the library in Alexandria is more likely to burn down.  It's difficult to think about what the internet actually is, if my kid asked me to describe it.
 It must change every second of the day.  Good to talk to you too.
 Exactly! There's new pages being made daily. 
 I thought that it was but I may be wrong. Normally we just take 10 turns a piece! 
 Perhaps it only only for animals human care enough about to do the research and put the effort into keeping alive like cat and dogs or endangered animals. Personally I found it most interesting that Istanbul has a vending machine that dispenses food for strays in exchange for recycling. 
 If you're that bad AND you invented the game, just change the rules so you get better results.
 Yeah! Nice chatting with you!
 Yes, I am. I love dogs! How about you?
 I use to wonder about that? I thought maybe just black and white. But I have learned they can see some colors. That's great!!
 I know, Aww, when dogs have eureka moments for solving a problem. They are man's best friend!
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! 
 Hi, how are you?
 haha no I haven't used it, I used airbnb I mean but not the couch surfing, I think I would be too scared to sleep on a random persons couch haha
 And if it is in a college town, just sleep in your car. I cannot imagine...
 I put chips in my belly when I watch football and that's basically the same thing. I was rooting for the Pats too. I am from Chicago though so I am not a die hard Pats fan.
 HA! Nice chatting with you!
 That's interesting. My favorite sport is actually baseball and I'm an Astros fan. I'd also like to see Pete Rose inducted into the hall of fame ha-ha. I'd like to see baseball players and baseballs with tracking chips similar to what the NFL uses for their players to record movements of the players and the ball. 
 Yes, I am IFR and a little more. I actually fly between Houston, Raleigh and Nashville 3 days a week. IT pros need to be bussed like cattle. It beats sitting at my "real" job for 5 straight and is a slow, pre-retirement/post-kids-at-home gig. 
 It was a solid field. The market is saturated and while I spent plenty of years with an amazing university health system it's still medicine. The ability to be on time and merely travel for pay is awesome. I think The Dutch might be on to something with that commuter bus that runs at 160 MPH.... And would be great in Houston traffic! 
 That's an amazing aspiration and I would buy you a beer. Or three. 
 Yeah that are not that great but you never know. nice chat
 Used to work pretty well for me as a kid, so I guess I could beat the pros at a foul contest if I keep practicing since they don't tend to use it probably due to embarassment.
 I do, Im actually looking into starting an Amazon fba (ecommerce) business. Do you use Amazon?
 Hopefully I live long enough to find out!
 Hi, there. Yes, in fact I love my Amazon Prime because I get free shipping plus much more. Amazon is an amazing company.
 Yeah, time flies. Jeff Bezos is the founder of Amazon and he is one rich guy. They have their cloud computing in Seattle,WA. They are second largest tech giant to the world behind Alibaba.
 ya I do that all the time, I also love how Amazon delivers on sundays now
 She is the president of the charity Martha's Table. It is a food pantry. What kinds do you support?
 Yep. I am gonna get back to reading something on my Kindle. I have this nice easy to ready font called bookerly. It is soothing to my eyes.
 Hey there! I just bought the most incredible dress on Amazon. I love Amazon!
 That's awesome! Such an awesome company. They deliver anywhere on Earth!
 Wow, sounds like a really good idea! Sounds like you're a huge fan of Amazon.
 Yes, we need to save those dollars. I would eventually like to donate a lot of my money to help the Earth.
 Interesting.     I wonder if the price matching at Best Buy and Target have hurt their business any.
 ya that is an insane amount per episode, I wish I got paid that much for doing something haha, I would never stop making episodes 
 oh I love them, it's my second favorite movie type after comedy.  I love to be an actor someday, The highest paid actor is Laugh Laurie, He earned $700000 for episode of the House. That was a brilliant show too.
 I just went to look it up.  It's been viewed 3.5 million times on youtube already.  There's a lot of interest in it.
 lol I'm so far behind the times.  What is RBG about?  I haven't heard of it.
 I will have to look that up.  Is it on Youtube?  Do you watch Youtube?
 Holy smokes!  I know it was created by 3 former paypal employees in 2005.
 I think it's a great platform for people to create content for fun or to even promote their business, etc.  It is the 2nd largest search engine on the net so people are definately using it a lot.
 Talk about domination.  Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.  That's an interesting stat.
 Yes lol  I think people went out of their way just to go and dislike it.  Police have their own youtube called blutube.  Never heard of that before today.
 I'm going to have that song in my head now.  lol  Do you watch a lot of television?  Fan of the Simpsons?
 I love them.  I remember when they first came out.  They have to be one of the longest running shows of all time.  Did you know there is only 1 episode where Bart neither appears nor he is mentioned?
 Wow. That's ironic. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?
 Bart was excluded from one episode of the simpsons. The 4 women and the manicure...
 I have watched a lot of them and I do not think I even noticed he was missing...
 I do watch, well, I did watch it. Do you?
 Nice chatting with you!
 I can talk about those series all day. Did you know that the Warner Brother Studios in Hollywood, California welcomes the tourist to the set of Friends? That is amazing. I have not seen Thomas the Tank Engine in a long time. Pokemon is my favorite childhood series. To be an actual fan, you just "Gotta catch them all."
 Based on statistics, it increased a big amount of people being active as they find Pokemon. Exactly, I think Pokemon Go should have the name of the streets and a GPS.
 I do recommend you to play one of the games. To be honest, that was my first Pokemon game. It was worth the experience.
 You're welcome. It was nice chatting with you. Good luck on your future HITS.
 Goodbye. 
 Id would definitely recommend South Park
 It is more extreme but definitely enjoyable.
 No. Its not dramatic. Its an Adult Animation. Very enjoyable.
 Really? Wow. Google brought Youtube 1.65 Billion Dolllars in November 2006.
 Yes. I definitely use it a lot.
 With all the video clips, tv show clips, music videos, documentaries, etc., its no wonder its no popular
 I guess I like those things too and I was really only thinking about television.  I have to run, but thanks for the chat!
 Hello! Did you know the white house has twin buildings in France and Ireland?
 Yeah, I never even knew those existed! The white house guest house is bigger than the white house! Crazy!
 I'm surprised he hasn't put on an extension so his house is bigger, lol! 
 One actually impressive thing about the whitehouse though, is that it has solar panels in the back. George bush apparently put them on.
 Yeah, that's kind of weird. It took the secret service 4 days to notice bullets had struck the white house in 2011. 
 I'm guessing someone was in big trouble. I never even heard about it, I wonder why someone even shot it in the first place.
 Yeah, the white house is a little crazy right now. We could certainly do with some better equipped people running it. 
 That's pretty weird. I wonder if they are somehow safer or we really just haven't bothered changing the system. 
 Crazy! There was a president in Indonesia that released 3 pop albums. 
 Yeah, at least Trump isn't out releasing pop albums. I guess things could be worse, lol! Although I would be curious to see him singing pop.
 It was great chatting with you too!
 hey hows it going?
 huh that is more than I knew, and I didn't know the white house still uses floppy discs to store files, seems very backwards to me
 Im not sure that is true lol. But yeah turns out those three guys were unrelated  and all tried to break in on the same night lol.
 lol that is wild, I don't know what they were thinking.
 ya, its also weird that trump isn't one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents, but this is probably taking inflation into account so taht explains it somewhat
 oh wow, like I guess, I just don't know what he could be planning with all that, that poor doggo that was with him haha
 Yeah it is so strange. I dont get why people would even try to break in there you know that its got guards everywere. 
 ya you know you're gonna get caught, and your life will be ruined, this says the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house itself, that doesnt make sense but I guess
 I think they have mental issues because the guy who said he was sent by god promised that he would keep trying to get in lol
 how worrisome. this says the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office, that sounds kind of awesome!
 haha that makes sense, did you know that kickball is called soccer-baseball in canada? thats a mouthful
 I had no idea but they come up with all kinds of interesting things.
 haha they have them mind clouded by the cold maybe haha, and baseball being popular in japan is always weird to me
 wow weird I wonder why I've never heard that before, it seems like a fact poeple would like to know, I wish I were the guy that found 3 million dollars worth of baseballs cards in his grandfathers attic
 ya I think they're cursed or something? Anyway great talking with you!
 Hi! I was happy to see the late passengers of Flight 93 who died on 9/11 receive praise from the president!
 Yeah. I read the 9/11 commision report and cried while reading it due to those heros.
 At least he's not called President Banana!
 Tell me about it. I wonder why the people of Zimbabwe called him that! Ha!
 He started the national park and forest service! Bush installed solar panels!
 Have you ever seen a Japanese game? It looks crazy fun! Such a loud and raucous fan base.
 That's cute... I would expect that from Canada. 
 I do. Do you know a lot about them?
 No. It can't be in tribute can it? Do we have any replicas? Was the statue of liberty a replica? I mean there is the eiffel tower in vegas but I do no think that counts.
 HA! Can you imagine someone like Joe Maddon trying to play? I would like to find $3M in baseball cards though.
 I would even settle for $1M! I am truly a giver...
 it is. Have you ever seen a game on youtube? It is nuts! Like an SEC football game!
 I have not seen that on YouTube. Well, it was good talking to you!
 Good morning! Dp you think Trump will join the richest presidents?
 That's crazy. I wonder if he will release his taxes. He's been really secretive about it. Like how the guest house is bigger than the white house!
 Can you imagine Trump and Hilary being in the same white house?
 No! How interesting!
 That's great! In case we break one of ours....
 Ha! Maybe the high tech ones, the ones in Ireland and Fance!
 Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist. He started the national park and forest service.
 I saw that. I have not read it but I plan on reading about it. I cannot read the actual bill... zzzzz....
 Nice chatting with you!
 Same here.  I started going in the late 80's.  Did you ever see the Ramones?
 Yes.  They played 2,263 concerts and toured non stop for over 20 years.  
 lol Making as much money as they could. lol  Lincoln Park played 324 shows in 2001.  That's a lot of touring.
 I never got a chance to see them.  When my kids got older I started to go to shows again in the early 2000's but a lot of the shows were to see bands I missed from the late 80s so I was able to see them in small places with small crowds.  I do miss the big arena shows.  The concerts now don't have the same vibe as they did back then.
 Yes I agree.  I remember you could go to a big arena show for $12 to $14 bucks....now the same tickets are almost $60 to $70.  It's nuts and then they wonder why people lose interest in bands and going to shows.  They priced the fans out of the market.
 True.  In Croatia there is an ancient Roman amphitheater that is still used as a concert venue.  That would be cool to see.  There is something like that here in the states.  I think it's called Red Rocks.  It's not a built amphitheater though.  It's built into the rocks out West somewhere.
 I'm not sure.  I've seen some videos on youtube.  Were you a Creed fan?  I guess they played a show that was so bad that 4 people from the concert filed a lawsuit against the band.
 lol I know!  Here's something funny....a little off topic from concerts...the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!
 Hahah  Sour Apple?  The US presidents guest house is larger than the White House.  I wonder if Banana ever visited here.
 lol Great chat!  Have a good one.
 It was actually awesome. I would highly recommend going at least once in your life. It was definitely better than the 2002 Creed concert that was so bad they were sued for how bad it was haha
 I don't think anyone does outside of the Catholic church ha ha. 
 Where can I get some of that? I'd like that in case I need it. You know trunks get their name as a throwback to when cars used come equipped with a wooden box at their back?
 Aw, shucks. With 1.25 billion cars on the road today, it won't  be too hard to avoid me.
 Good one.  Ford started mass production and, as they say, the rest is history.  Lot's of cars.
 Yeah, and the cost to society is great, including road maintenance, air pollution like lead and thallium, and, of course, fuzzy dice factories spewing their unused fuzz into the atmosphere. 
 I would love to go cruising down Ventura highway, top down, wearing my black and white pilgrim outfit, and cranking my radio to the Finish radio station that broadcasts in Latin. I'd be a chick magnet for sure. I think I have worked from home for too long.
 I am not sure I could handle that level of emotional intensity. Cold winters will do that to a person.  I better settle on old classic radio drams broadcast on internet radio for free. Can I still go all pilgrimy too?
 Yes, you can tell from our conversation that fashion is important to me. In fact, I shop exclusively at the Alabama unclaimed baggage store. I figure, somebody else thought it was good enough to buy, so it must be good. Right?
 My reality has just come crashing down.  I will have to withdraw from society and return to only wearing my old Apple branded _T-shirt. Nothing screams, "Geek" more than and undersized white t-shirt with a pocket protector.
 It is the Cadillac of nerdy apparel. I do not know if I can part with it. Cadillac is named after a French explorer, and Paris is the fashion capitol of the world, so I think I will stick with my i-shirt.  Hey, it has been really nice chatting with you! 
 LOL that would be almost worth buying just for the hilarity of it. 
 For sure!    Hey... at least he's not called President Banana?
 About the same. I have been into dirty rock lately, like Jaime N Commons. I do like concerts but I do not like being with a ton of people so I end up at small local venues.
 Yeah. That's crazy. And I am positive they were not drinking kale smoothies the whole time. I am sure they were destructive...
 Sometimes it's just about the music and the experience. But no audience is pretty crazy!
 They are now doing that! They get mocked all the time and it is deserved.
 I hope not! Nice chatting with you!
 Hatred and evil: How Trump follows a familiar script after national tragedies
 I found the funniest thing was president banana. Ha. I wonder if it was real or a nickname?
 The Ramones played over two thousand concerts. I blame them for the 80s. Is it too late to sue them? And do you think that Pink Floyd was worried about vesiuvius exploding again when they did their so called "live " concert in 1972?
 Do you have any idea who Linkin Park is? I cannot remember them at all.
 Yes! it was nice to meet you, you are very intelligent.
 Haahahah
 Thanks for the chat. I enjoyed talking with you!
 Same here!
 I do like animals. I heard there are 1.5 million living animal species. 
 Ooooooh hahaha
 Ha ha. That's hilarious. I wonder how that originated. 
 Ha ha. That's hilarious!
 I know it would be very entertaining, more entertaining than the president of indonesia releasing three pop albums while in office.
 I think it would be cool. If I could, I would definitely do it! 
 Want to hear something funny? The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana. 
 Not sure. I like when presidents have side hobbies. The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. 
 I do!  Wish I had created it.  I would probably be super rich now.  lol
 That was definitely dumb on their part.  Burger King once ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook they would give you a free whopper.  I think I could have gotten myself a few free whoppers on that deal.  lol
 I never knew that.  Facebook's like button is illegal in the German State of Schleswig-Holstein.  Kind of odd.
 That's a good question.  They have some kind of tracking thing they do.  lol  I know when I watch youtube on my cell phone I get different ads than if I watch youtube on the tv.  Stranger even is that the youtube ads on tv are all local based.  Speaking of youtube, combined with Netflix together they make up half of peak internet traffic in North American.
 Crazy.  Just shows how much we love video.  lol  I'm surprised that they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.  I don't even know anyone that has a dvd rental subscription service through them anymore.
 I didn't.  They must have really made him mad.  lol
 Yes.  I binge watch it a lot during the winter months.  One of the shows I like to watch is "That 70s Show"
 No I didn't.  What is it?
 I'll have to see if I can find that on youtube.  Sounds interesting!  I'll skip over the 750 episodes of Pokemon though.  lol
 I do too. What would happen is that if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook, then you'll get a free Whopper. Also the person you unfriended would be alerted to this unfriending and that they were only worth one tenth of a Whopper haha
 thats funny. I would totes unfriend people for a whopper. i like whoppers way more than I like people. 
 I would do that too. I wish I could do that right now and get some food I'm starving haha. What's crazy is that Facebook is valued at over 104 billion dollars. That could buy a lot of Whoppers!
 I would use some of that billions for the Hershey pie too though. 
 Hi! Do you use facebook?
 I have it though I try to stay away from it. It's very distracting. Maybe I should have joined the Burger King promo where if I unfriended ten people on FB I'd get a free Whopper.
 I do, and I know that Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America from 9 pm to 12 am. That's when I use it!
 I like to watch the Simpsons. Bart is my favorite character. Luckily he has been in all episodes except for one where he isn't mentioned and does not appear.
 I spend a little time on it looking at how to videos. What do you watch?
 It's hard not to. I don't know how I end up watching some of the things I end up on there. I do find it funny that Justin Bieber's Baby is the most disliked video on YouTube. 
 That's a lot of traffic. My son is adding to that traffic as we speak!
 Yes and that they filmed an 18 minute video of the whole situation so we could see it
 Yes and funny that the first video was a guy talking about an elephant!
 Haha, funny! I was just watching Youtube before this. It's the second largest search engine on the net.
 I sometimes watch Gangnam style, admittedly. I think it's one of the only dances I can do. That and chicken dance.
 Justin Bieber is a good dancer, though I do not like his songs. His song baby is the most disliked video on YouTube
 Oh, no. Now the song is stuck in my head. I am totally not going to listen to it right now. Have a good night!
 I have not, have you?
 Who knows or maybe Netflix wouldnt be what it is now a days. 
 I used to. I played more xbox but my priorities changed when I got married.
 I do love Nintendo too. It takes me back to my youth!
 Actually, yeah. I had them back in like 2008-2009. Apparently, they started streaming in 2007. I guess I am an early adopter
 They are much better than Blockbuster. Glad they never bought them, even though they could have twice.
 yeah, I think that more people watch Netflix and Youtube than TV. It's 33% of internet bandwidth in America
 I do have one, Ive had it for about 2 years now, before that I liked to rent movies at Blockbuster.
 Can you imagine? He'd be a natural.
 Yeah, that's quite a feat! I also heard that when south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew. That was really nice of them.
 That could very well be haha. Anyways, did you know that there's over 750 episodes of Pokemon? That's about 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight.
 That is crazy.  It would break my tele.
 Yeah, for sure! It's kind of funny that there were so many episodes (I used to play the game myself), but anyways on a different note did you know that Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look". Ironic, huh?
 Yeah, for sure! It's kind of funny, because netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america.
 Yeah, for sure! Well, it was nice talking to you! Hope you have a good night!
 Netflix is an American media service found in 1997 by Reed hastings and Marc randolph.
 Yes, How many hours you daily spend in social media for entertainment.
 Its ok. Netflix and youtube together make up half internet traffic in North america.
 Yes, Many of people want entertainment and so many social apps are introduced make the cost low.
 Yes, It is available is some countries only now.  Now days Entertainment like Storytelling, music, drama, dance are reduced now days. The entertainment industry record this and sells as entertainment products.
 Main Stories are copied and sells as a product from the leading company. Making the people to engaged in social media.
 Television is a mass medium for advertising, news and entertainment. It become our basic needs. Now days, Reading habit is also reduced.
 Entertainment is also a part of life. But now days, all are in social media they didn't share with their family members.
 Amazing ! Pokemon series run for 750 episodes. For more than years.
 Two decades Shocking. What your favourite program ?
 Comedy movie is my favourite and also Animated movie also.
 I also have nostalgia thinking about it!
 yeah, lets talk about entertainment, Nintendo could only display 54 colors.
 Yea, I guess she wanted more money.
 Yea, I agree. 
 Yea, they would still be in business if did. Entertainment evolves I guess Blockbuster didn't understand that. 
 I guess being ahead of the curve pays off.  If I could have road the wave from black and white TV broadcasting to Netflix I'd be rich. 
 Yea, I remember those late fees.  I'm glad someone got inspired by it.
 No, I've never even heard of Thomas the engine. 
 Now, south park I remember.
 I did not watch 13 reasons why, but i do like Jessica Jones
 Nice.  You know, Netflix dominates the internet in the evenings, accounting for 33% of all bandwidth from 9pm-midnight?
 Shrewd business folks those Blockbuster dinosaurs.  Now Netflix rules the bandwidth. Yet, they still spend 20x more on postage than bandwidth!
 And to think, it all started when Reed Hastings, founder of Netflix, racked up a $40 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13. 
 Entertainment sure has changed over the years!  Caesar once commented that in Britain, breeding chickens was considered entertainment. 
 And Bill Nye kind of looks like a chicken too!  He is one of the few people that looks better on an old Nintendo system, because they only use 54 colors.
 And he looked nothing like a chicken either!  But he looked pretty presidential on THe Simpsons...You know there is only one episode of the Simpsons wher eBart neither appears or is referred o?
 Makes those 50-episode narrations from Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin, and George Carlin on Thomas the Tank ENgine seems like next to nothing!
 Now that was next to nothing! And this from the country that brought the world Monty Python?
 No, I did not have any reason to watch... LOL I will check it out soon.  If I watch, will you send me some flowers like the kind that the Simpsons crew sent tot he South Park crew when they aired their Family Guy episode?
 Enjoy your evening  I'm going to chew up some Netflix bandwidth...
 Hello do you watch TV?
 I do watch tv. What about you, do you watch tv?
 I have. I really liked that show. I thought it wasinventive and brought a lot of thought into the show. everyone seemed to do really well after that, except for Eric Foreman.
 I cannot picture a date like that anymore. Call me jaded  but I just think people use apps like tinder to "date". Im so glad I am happily married. Life is so better...
 Same.  I cant imagine being single,  it must be so hard and frustrating and scary.  The people who use apps could be saying they are someone else.  That seems like a nice story though.  Have you seen the show "You"?  That was a creepy show!
 Right? I would be so mad if I dished out a bunch of my for my kid's wedding and their her husband of 6 days up and leaves her. It sounds like her 1 date was infinitely better than her 6 days of marriage.
 No. It says she is 33 and not in a rush to get too involved. I remember my first date with my wife was to miniture golf. What did you do?
 Nice! Are you good at snowboarding? I would have wiped out and looked like a goof. She would have left me on the hill, snowy and broken.
 hahaha,  yes actually I am pretty good,  it was his first time snowboarding and he fell a lot lol but he knew I loved it.  He was pretending he was ok,  but the next day he told me he had bruises lol 
 HA! A male ego is a prescious thing, and usually bruised for some dumb reason. Nice chatting with you.
 Of course! I especially enjoy comedies like SNL's "weekend update" segment, are you a fan?
 Yes, I am. I watch various shows, one of them being the simpsons
 In the episode or like the workers for the show? That's a nice gesture nonetheless.
 I imagine not even olympian runners can catch up to cheetahs, unless of course you present humans with an incentive as the end prize, like maybe say a giant check for a large some of cash perhaps?
 hahaha so true. it was really nice chatting with you
 Good morning - I love baseball and can't wait for spring training to start!
 Who's your team?  My team, The Diamondbacks had an epic collapse last season and are in a mini-rebuild this season...
 Yep - Craig is the man, glad he's having success with the Brewers.  Even your bench coach (Murphy) has Arizona ties (ASU).  I really like your corner infielders Shaw/Aguilar
 Loved Jr.!  A lot of my cards are managers now, Don Mattingly, etc.  Makes me feel old, but time flies!
 Hey - if this chat ends abruptly, I wanted to say it was really great chatting with you about baseball and wishing you and the Brewers a really great season coming up!
 Oh man, if we finish 3rd in NLW it will be a good season I think.  Too bad the Brewers don't want Grienke back... we need to unload that contract $$$....  Ha!
 That is true that contract is too much $$$$!! Awesome chatting with a knowledgeable fan for a change!!
 Hi! Are you into baseball?
 Oh, well please do share!  I know baseball is a bat and ball game, and I know there are a bunch of players and rules, but it all seems so chaotic.
 Batting, running, fielding, scoring... Sounds like such an action-filled game. Then why is that that every time I watch, there is an old guy wearing a costume like all the kids? Is he the manager or the coach? 
 It reminds me of my child's kickball games, except with a smaller ball. I guess in Canada they call kickball soccer-baseball.
 No. Did he lose them? Don't they have a bunch of statistics on them? Baseball has so many statistics. And why do they use the same players on offense and defense?  They don't do that in football.
 For cards?  THat's crazy?  Maybe if they were treasure maps, but cardboard pictures of people that play games?  I wonder if Pokemon cards are worth that much?
 Yeah. I think Pokemon is popular there too. You know, there have been over 750 episodes of Pokemon? That's more than any baseball team plays in a year!
 Like, 16 years!  That is longer than most professional baseball players play...
 No. Bart is such a troublemaker, I worry he will negatively influence children. It is probably because his father is not a good role model for him.
 I prefer Thomas the Tank Engine. Nice, wholesome narrators like George Carlin, Ringo Starr, and Alec Baldwin. Good role models for toddlers...
 Ringo was illiterate as a child back in Britian because he was sick so much. I guess he wanted to help the next generation of readers. I don't know about the others. Hey, have you seen the UK version of That 70s Show? I heard it was awful...
 What physical means does the telephone use to transmit sound?
 yes, I listen to them on a website for free!
 Cool.    Do you know what the official name of the web is?     I only know the letters WWW.
 Hi, how are you?
 Every day. I will qualify it by saying that it is usually used for being productive and not on social media. I want to be productive.
 I have. Mine isn't about ego but what people are saying about me as a public figure.
 Love him to death! Nice chatting with you!
 Wow they are so smart. Nice chat
 I've read that before, will that change Mickey and Minnie's voices. HAHA
 Seriously, why? Is there money in spelling bees? Does Vegas have odds for beating who will win. HAHA.
 Me neither, I wonder if I would enjoy it. Nice chat :)
 That seems really weird. You wouldn't think they would have to do that. Also, you wouldn't think someone would pretend to be a government official and then sell the Eiffel Tower twice LOL that takes some serious courage
 Yeah it's absolutely a good thing a lot of things have changed in our elections. Also, for all we may rightfully clown Trump, at least he hasn't released pop albums WHILE in office like the Vice President of Indonesia!
 I don't have too much of an opinion! But ironically I think going to regular Wikipedia to learn more. Anyways it was very nice talking to you, have a great night!
 I know right it was awesome! Hard to believe there are almost 800 episodes now! I'd never be able to "catch em all" haha
 also boring would be canadian radio, it has to be 40% canandian in origin! sounds bad! haha
 Hey!
 I so agree! Those gestures could change peoples lives. And if the store wants to continue its business they could sell as they do but donate money or donate clothes.And think about it, like you said, Retail clothing stores could donate a few bucks a day and they would never miss it. Like when Apple had their clothing line in the 80s, they could have donated so much, they are such a huge company.
 Oh wow, I would love to see the Eiffel tower. I bet they have some great clothing in France as well, I bet you can get anything tailored there.
 Good! I am happy to hear that. Really?? I wonder why the guest house needs to be that big! Maybe it was built back when one of the 3 wealthiest presidents were in office! It has been great chatting! Have a great day!
 Bye! 
 I know my little nephew does, he loves the show actually, 
 Well there is no reason for kids to be up past midnight really. Plus they have big problems with internet addiction so the same is likely true for gaming. I recently hooked up my old atari. It wouldn't work on today's tvs so I busted out an old black and white from my garage.
 Yes, and they are free too! Radio will probably be around for a long time, if anything because most people still listen to them in their cars.
 That is true, I too am from the south and do not have to bundle up much. Our winter is very short. Layering is the way to go. I think its great that the Norwegian government has donated 1 billion to save the amazon rainforest!
 You too, have a great day!
 Yeah but that is the beauty of it, anyone can learn. And it also helps them assimilate with American culture.
 They can learn great lessons like pushing further when you want to quit too.
 Well I think the coach should be recognized for his program. He has went beyond the call of action to make all the students feel like a huge part of the team.
 Yes we tend to make things easy for viewers in the states. It would be nice to see some of these men end up on a national team like the Pats.
 I think it would depend on the child and the family. but the good news is in 39 out of the 50 pro athletes make the most money.
 That might be true as well but athletes still sign eight and nine figure contracts. im sure if they go one even as a starter they would be set for life.
 Wow I guess it makes sense since it is such a big sport here. 
 I can even remember a game without it, it made the game much more interesting.   
 True. It use to be such a guessing game.  LOL
 I am a Sixers fan. It's a shame that Anthony Davis wants to leave the Pelicans. Jrue Holliday used to play for us before we traded him to New Orleans, I enjoy watching him play.
 I do like to watch Olympic Basketball, it's fun to watch the different styles played around the world. They took that nickname because their rugby team is nicknamed the All Blacks.
 I have a few friends who played collegiate rugby so they explained some of the rules to me. My favorite variation to watch is called Rugby 7's. There are only 7 players on the field so it's a bit more open and they score a lot more.
 Oh nice yeah I would definitely consider watching that. I think I like watching football on TV more so than live. The yellow first downline is very helpful.
 I had season tickets for the first time this year, I didn't go to every game but it was a lot of fun to watch. Without the yellow line it was pretty hard to figure out if it was a first down.
 He was on my favorite team, the Eagles, for a little bit. He never got into a major game for us and then went to play baseball.
 Yeah that's true. It's deafly not the same as gridiron. Or Australian rules for that matter. Well it was really nice talking with you about football. I hope you have a great day.
 Yes, Australian Rules is way different but pretty fun to watch. It was fun talking sports with you as well.
 Hello! Do you have a favorite football team?
 Isn't that funny how we do that! ESPN won an academy award for football too!
 Very nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday.  Bye
 Bye!
 bye
 :)
 I have an economist friend and he does not vote. He says it is a waste of time and his vote does not count. He's a numbers guys and really unemotional so he does not care.
 Agreed. Or have voting options like president banana or president carrot.
 Agreed. Nice chatting with you!
 Take care and go Illini!
 The numbers are definitely rising higher. Seems like every day there is six big stories instead of just one big story. 
 Good morning. Yes. which is your favourite football team ?
 Due to encouragement from the fans football move to next level. All the nation in the world are very eager to lift the trophy once in their in the life time.
 No. In 1916 Georgia tech defeated Cumberland in the score of 222-0. It is the highest score in ever football.
 Among 25 largest stadium in the world. US has 14 stadium this shows how they are feel about the game. They are amazing.
 It shows the fan are very eager to win the game. Coaches are tensed and stressful job. If the loss of the game he is responsbile
 The New Zealand basketball team are nicknamed as the "tall blacks".
 oh ya me too, he's very business savy, and I like the books that he wrote too
 haha ya we don't have cable thats why I'm going to a friends haha, ya I hope its not a blowout like the game in 1916 that was 222-0 haha
 I wish Kiss would play at the halftime for the football team that they bought, because then I would absolutely go see that haha
 Oh yes, Rand's not cool. Did you know Dictators can also be considered presidents? lol Well, enough gov and politics, I'm going to Netflix and chill now!
 I watch some football on occasion.
 I love the yellow line, but don't think it's Emmy worthy.  Benjarvus Green-Ellis should've won an award for never fumbling in his career!
 He's ok, but not my favorite! I'm glad to see he graduated high school, even if he was 25!
 Probably so! I'm sure whatever they do, it's very shady! It's just too bad all governments can't be like Norwegia where their government donated  $1 billion to save the Amazon rainforest back in 2008! That was so nice of them!
 Haha I mean all Presidents of the past are model citizens.
 Lol imagine Hillary as Trump's VP? That would be nuts
 Indeed it would. It would be hialrious to see though, but probably not as hilarious as hearing the president of Indonesia's pop albums he released while serving as president! Ha! Well it was great chatting with you today! Hope you have a great evening, friend!
 Thank you it was a pleasure. Have a great rest of your night
 And same to you! Take care, friend!
 Thats so funny, the reaction of the visiting teams must be priceless.
 Yeah I figured as much I just didn't think they would actually have a basketball court in a building like that. I did get a giggle at how the university of Iowa's visiting football teams is painted pink.
 Yeah! I am thinking of all the nicknames Trump could be called.
 I do. I also try to watch non-biased news but many times even that news have been called fake. I also try to watch Fox News and MSNBC. I get mad at both stations equally so I hope I have an open mind...
 I think he has been the most vocal in the unveiling of it. I also think it is an easy escape hatch when he doesn;t like how he is covered.
 Ok, speaking of the presidency, here is a fun fact; Did you know the only president to have a PHD?
 I don't! Who is it?
 Wow! Do you know who the top three presidents were?
 The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 I get it from NPR and CNN. I tend to think they have decent news but their anchors lean democratic.
 Nice talking with you too.
 Take care.
 Haha,  If it was my name I would definitely let them call me President Banana.  His name was Canaan Banana. 
 Yes the website that exposes secrets , it is pretty cool. Nice chat today
 Some of his players have committed to Division I schools so that is quite an accomplishment.  They must work hard.
 I will watch when its March Madness time.
 I remember Kareems college playng days from when I was a kid. He as unstoppable 
 Yes. Packers.
 I prefer the more subtle approach like the University of Iowa.  The visiting locker room there is painted pink.
 Thats an attempted Psych for you
 I still watch it alot.  I can't believe how popular Pokemon has become.  There are over 75 episodes.
 I mistyped...woops...I meant to put 750.  Good catch!
 LOL they created a megaempire.  It started with the cards and just blew up from there.  Did you ever watch "That 70s Show"?
 They did.  Ashton Kutcher is probably the most famous.  They remade that show in the UK and called it "Days like These" but it failed after only 10 episodes.
 It seems like they try to do it a lot though and it almost fails every time.  Did you know that there was only 1 episode of the Simpsons where Bart doesn't appear or is even mentioned?
 I agree.  My one son was that age when they were coming out with new episodes and he loved the show.  Are you a fan of dramas at all?
 I used to love watching House and Mad Men.  Did you follow either show?
 It was pretty good.  It made Hugh Laurie the highest paid actor of all time.  He earned $700,000 per episode.  Mad Men was such a good show.  I wish they could have stretched it out for a few more seasons.
 I loved Joh Hamm's character on that show.  He also taught drama at his old high school.  I didn't know that.  Yes...I had a great time chatting with you too!  Have a good night!
 I see, well he doesnt make dramas anymore, it goes against his belief system, I liked the movie Yes Man, he was really funny in that one.
 Yeah, you don't get smarter watching it...well, if you wanted to get smarter, you should probably turn off the TV lol
 Totally agree with you.  I just find it ironic when people criticize it for being anti-intellectual...as if it could be anything else lol
 I have never seen ikea heights, but its funny that the show is made in an ikea and the store doesn't even know
 A drama, I think.  I had never heard of it either...kind of sounds made up lol
 I would think so. She was pretty good in her comedies. What other kinds of comedies do you like.
 I love all types of comedy. Movies, stand up, tv shows. I love movies the best though. I can't name one or two lol there's too many!
 Haha, not really...he is pretty funny though. I heard that The Green Lantern was originally supposed to be a comedy film thankfully it stayed in the drama genre.
 Yeah it was going to have Jack Black in it. That would have been awesome I think. I would have watched it.
 I love Jack Black so I probably would have watched it, but I am not sure how good the story line would have been as a comedy. So do you like any Drama films or TV series?
 I like walking dead and game of thrones. Back in the day I used to watch third rock from the sun. Have you seen that one?
 I have and like everything you mentioned! Great shows. When there's not much on tv I will watch Netflix they have a lot of comedy and drama shows.
 Speaking of drama. Did you know that hugh laurie made 700000 per episode when he played house?
 It really was. Well I better be getting ready for bed. Good chat.
 Yeah, I like to watch shows and movies. nice chat
 Hi! I love Netflix! I wonder if they have that new tv show called Grownish on it?
 oh, YES! I remember that story, I heard it on my telephone radio one day while driving in my car.
 That's just crazy! But what isn;t crazy these days. Like it is impossible to separate 2 old phone books, a bit of trivia!
 I actually used a rotary phone growing up, I am so happy they have new technology!
 I heard that, the telephone is so awesome. I remember when we would laugh about it when people said, one day we will be able to see each other while talking on the phone....never thought it would happen.
 I only use an Android. I tried the iPhone...not for me lol plus too expensive. I would rather have a better car than put too much money into phones and save the money lol
 Yeah me too. Nice chatting with you :)
 That sounds pretty awesome actually LOL, I would take it out on picnics to cook my food and then also use it to ward off car thieves LOL
 Yeah me too only a cell phone and use it a whole lot.
 Yeah could be,  we are also among the best distance runners in the animal kingdom so that's a great thing. 
 It is a little strange to realize modern Homo sapiens are only 315000 years old!
 Amazing that all of that has been accomplished without being able to synthesize vitamin C!
 running is a great form of exercise.      So is dancing.
 Can you believe he won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 Michael even has a patent on a device he developed to allow for his extreme lean.
 So you do not play much football, where shoes are essential!
 Perhaps, but Paper football champions win less than top bowlers!
 Well, you might get lucky and invent something like the yellow line for first downs.
 Maybe because they painted their allies pink like the University of Iowa's visiting football locker room.  Gave them good luck lol
 I don't know, I think I would rather have President Banana from Zimbabwe put out some tunes instead.
 What happens in Vegas literally stays in Vegas.
 I wonder if Wikileaks would publish that?  I mean they did publish the government's plan to destroy it.
 I suppose so, I appreciate the chat.  Stay safe, win the lottery and try to buy back Nevada.
 Very good, take care!
 Me either. Good talking with you today. Take care!
 Yeah, that is pretty ironic. Still pretty great that we don't live in an absolute state of authority like some countries do.
 Yeah, it was gerat chatting with you.
 Bye!
 Bye!
 And bush had solar panels put back on the white house. he did try.
 and  Teddy roosevelt  banned christmas trees from the white house
 Richard N. Goodwin did a lot for the civil rights movement
 I guess I do a little bit. You?
 I think he has said some offensive things but when it comes to money he can balance the book pretty fast. 
 Did you know the white house has  buildings.
 I heard that.  The twin houses are in ireland and france
 No. I have never been out of the US. I read about them though.
 Im pretty sure most of nevada is desert anyways. 
 I dont know. Maybe. I thought they did most of their experiments in New Mexico.
 Thats funny if you think about it. How could that even happen.
 true. Did you know the white house still uses floppy disks
 You to have a good one.
 Hopefully the escalating trade will eventually sort itself out into a benefit for all of us.
 I think it was great that the Norwegian government donated 1 billion to help save the rainforest!!
 He was good enough to do it once, so he figured he'd try again. Some chutzpah! Well, I enjoyed the chat. Have a good night1
 same here. have a good one
 I think it was Reagan because Obama came later on. Nice chatting with you. 
 It is pretty funny. What is also funny is the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and useful information today.
 Yeah same here, good chatting, I hope you have a good day!
 Good thing Wikileaks published their plans, that was funny and I bet it was really frustrating for the governemtn, Assange is a hero, it takes guts to start a site like Wikileaks
 I bet he has a lot of unpleasant ones lol, and yeah president Banana would be a nice adition for the album and maybe a guest appearance of the president of Indonesia
 Yes I have. 
 Well, not paying is for banana republics. I think the first President of Zimbabwe was actually called Banana.
 might be. there was a guy in Indonesia who released 3 pop albums. not sure if that helped
 better than appealing to wikileaks like trump did. wiki prints all sorts of govt secrets...including the plan to destroy wikileaks
 thats quite a scam..to pull off twice
 I'd like to buy a duplicate of the white house guest house. i hear its huge
 crazy.  its like they are still using floppy disks there or something
 I took a college course on Shakespeare's works, so I was required to watch many of them. If it weren't for the internet, I never would have been able to find and watch all those movies
 I know and then you go there and you're like, I have seen that on internet. so cool. it was nice chatting with you.
 LOL. Maybe. It had to be a nerd that was hungry.
 That's better than my neighborhood sometimes...HAHA
 I need to travel more so I can take more selfies. Not sure about Mt Everest though.
 LOL yeah put me in the picture next to you.
 I read that.Some people drive that fast in my neighborhood. LOL
 Mine too. Every month, it is on the news that a car has hit a house in my neighborhood.
 Yeah I would love to make one! Interesting how much technology has progressed.
 Haha. Have a great night! Nice chatting with you!
 Thank you, you too!
 Well, I live in the country, so lots of room for them to play.  My yellow lab is the oldest and she's 12, she's been the best dog, very good loyal companion.
 That's true, kind of like people, though. Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to go feed my dogs.  Talk to you later, super fast friend!
 Yep, I do not lose that much but professional hockey players lose many, many calories a game.
 You too!
 Hello - how are you today?
 Hi.  I am well.  How are you?
 I guess just cause you invent something doesn't mean you're good at it.  I'll bet he didn't know how to recruit. 
 No wonder tuition is so high lol.  The Supreme Court has a court on its top floor called the highest court in the land
 The New Zealand basketball team's nickname is the Tall Blacks
 Nope, but he win on to win 4 Stanley Cups.  Somebody got short changed in that deal
 NHL players lose 8 pounds a game.  Wow that's a great way to lose weight!
 Lacrosse is a fun sport. I used to play it in high school.
 It's fun! It was good talking to you!
 Hi, Are you a big tv fan?  Do you like the Simpsons?  If you enjoy Bart, then don't worry all the episodes except one have him it it.
 That's such an interesting story. Isn't it reassuring to know that even on the top of Mt. Everest there is 3g cell service? So you could continue to watch YouTube and Netflix up there.
 Cute, but the 3 horizontal line menu on apps is called a hamburger!
 Good thing is that a variety of countries do have access including US, Netherlands, Brazil, India, Japan and South Korea.  Nice Chatting!
 Well, thank for talking over the Internet with me!  Take care
 hello.
 Hi there!  Do you watch Netflix?
 Yeah I have in the past. I dont have it right now though.
 I don't watch it much during the summer.  From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America.
 You add youtube to that, and its half of the peak traffic in North America
 We love our videos! lol  Netflix first started streaming in 2007 after being in the dvd and blu-ray rental business.
 Yeah I heard he started the compny after being charge 0 dollars late fees on apollo 13
 It might have been they used to be everywhere.
 Blockbuster passed up the chance to buy Netflix for $50 million and now Netflix is worth $2 billion.  Kind of ironic if that's the company that made him mad.  lol
 They missed out on that one huh.
 Big time.  Now that they are out of business. lol  Netflix still spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth.  I'm surprised that many people still have the dvd subscriptions.
 I rent from netflix all the time. 
 Nice!  Do you still watch television?  Did you ever see Pokemon?
 I have seen it before. There are over 750 episodes, so it was hard to catch em all.
 I bet.  Kind of an odd show.  Were you a fan of That 70s show?
 Yeah. I used to watch it all the time.
 Did you know that they remade it in the UK calling it "Days Like These" but it was cancelled after only 10 episodes?
 I guess it doesnt translate well. I think it is about life in the Us in the 70s anyways.
 Ture.  Did you know that there was only 1 episode of the Simpsons where Bart was neither mentioned or appeared?
 I always liked homer better anyway. Ttyl.
 Thats crazy! Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth!
 They than received flowers from the Simpsons crew after that. That is hilarious.
 I doubt it ever will. It was nice chatting with you by the way!
 I did like the show Ugly Delicious though.
 I was more into Friends, although when I needed something that did not require much mental energy I would watch the Simpsons.  That show just won't quit!!  Bart is so funny and so essential to the show that he is in every episode except 1!
 Hello! So do you watch Netflix at all?
 Hello,  yes absolutely,  do you?
 Definitely! I like the Netflix original series! Very good shows.
 That is crazy of Blockbuster! Sorry now I bet haha...I just started watching The Making of a Murderer, and I watched Birdbox which is a Netflix original....
 I know it seems odd since they do speak english lol...I think I liked Sandra Bullock in Birdbox but that's about it lol so many people go crazy over that movie and I don't get that, not even scary.
 Is that on there now? I will have to look into it! Sometimes I watch movies on the internet streaming if I can find them on there, otherwise I will watch Tv for a couple shows I watch.
 Hhahahaaa! true!!! 
 I guess so, I just never got into it as a kid myself, just like when they created the pokemon app that everyone was going crazy with. Watched people walking around all the time trying to catch imaginary pokemon
 That's the craziest part, is when they spend all kinds of money on games like that and get nothing tangible from it. I can't believe that people spend so much money on it. Need to find something else to entertain yourself with lol
 I know and they charge way more than what the movie is worth lol. Well its been great chatting with you tonight. Hope you have an awesome night!
 Good morning!
 Good morning to you.
 I know. I love tv. Did you know that fox actually discussed the possibility of making a channel that would only air the simpsons.
 Really, I guess they dont like it as much as we americans did, huh.
 I sure do depend on mine. Dont know what I would do without it.
 Thats mighty kind of them to accomodate soldiers like that. It worked out pretty well didnt it.
 Very interesting. It would certainly deter me. Lol.
 I heard that. They also discussed the possibility of make a channel devoted to the simpsons. I would wathc it.
 Seems like they have a real love hate relationship dont it.
 I dont watch any of those political channels. They are always so negative.
 Old nixon huh, I didnt know that. Lol. Nice chat.
 Yes, thank you as well. Have a nice day. 
 you too
 Hello, I did not know Tupac shakur's music is in the library of congress , one of my favorites of all time
 Yes, Tupac Shakur was a rap artist who seemed to model his life around his violent lyrics.
 I think Eminem is recognised as a musical genius and certainly the GOAT Greatest Of All Time when it comes to rap music
 Sorry, i do not know that. Is this true?
 Oh, that's nice. Do you think television is useful for everyone?
 Yes, This long-running animated comedy focuses on the eponymous family in the town of Springfield in an unnamed U.S. state. 
 I can not believe there are over 750 pokemon episodes
 I think Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon.
 nice. I cant believe the 70's show was remade in the UK and was cancelled after only 10 episodes 
 is the 93rd episode of the Best Wishes series, and the 750th episode of the Pokemon.
 James Hugh Calum Laurie, CBE is an English actor, director, musician, comedian, and author. 
 Yes, i think Carrey first gained recognition in America in 1990 after landing a recurring role in the sketch comedy television series In Living Color. 
 There were few U.S. network attempts at major scripted radio dramas after the end of several long-running.
 Yes, Jonathan Daniel Hamm is an American actor best known for playing advertising executive Don Draper for the AMC television drama series 
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Yes, but television drama like House is often not held in such regard.
 Yes omg yes who are some of your favorite rappers from that era?
 Yes they were biggie actually never had any hate for tupac so he never responded to any diss songs but tupac loved biggie as a friend but then felt betrayed because he felt biggie knew the people who robbed and shot tupac for his jewelery in quad recording studios
 It will really make you reminisce about how simple the 90s were once you start seeing how life was back then
 Exactly when was the last time people out at a restaurant were actually having a conversation instead of staring at their phones
 He wanted to be a comic book artist at one point. Glad he became a rapper instead.
 Imagine how much great music we would have lost out on if he chose a different path
 I have some people that I like, like Judge Judy is awesome she is so sassy and she makes a ton of money!
 Yeah I do not like when they make such rules. nice chat.
 hello do you like football?  
 Of course I do! I'm a big Patriots fan and I'm excited about this years Super bowl, what about you?
 Are you watching this years Super bowl, I feel really anxious about it, I miss players like Benjarvus Green-Ellis, we sure need him this year.
 Ok yes I do like comics,  right now I am rewatching the Marvel movies in order that makes sense,  not release date lol I had no idea they had like 20 movies already,  im on like the 13th or 14th lol 
 I don't know what else she's in but I do know she was the first celeb to appear on Sesame street though
 The bible is an interesting topic. Did you know the fruit in the bible only became an apple after it was translated into latin?
 yes the actual superbowl is this weekend, the patriots won last year, people think they might win again, their quarterback is pretty old but he is really good, I don't know but we will see!
 Thank you, have a nice day too, aka a better day than cumberland when they lost 222-0 to georgia tech haha
 It also boggles my mind that the sun is 300000 times more massive than the Earth. I mean that is a big fat sun haha
 Hello , very good! Do you like dogs?
 I always thought they were color blind.  There is an interesting arrangement for street dogs i Istanbul, have you heard about it?
 I think is a beautiful arrangement! You recycle plastic bottles and the machine releases food and water that you can give the dogs.
 That would be neat if we had something like that here.  I am surprised we don't given how much we seem to like dogs in the US.  Even Google calls themself a dog company and says they prefer dogs to cats.
 They do. they should be cared because they are humans best friend and help i different duties to men.
 Oh yes, I am so impressed with service dogs.  They can help people with disabilities, and make their day to day tasks easier.
 they can also help with hunting, herding,  and even helping the police.
 And it is more common for them to aid in therapuetic roles, like PTSD and visiting elder care homes.
 Isn't that amazing they are also great companions and protectors!
 Yeah it is hard to believe because dogs can be domesticated and trained in many things and gets along so well with humans.
 Did you know they have something in common with elephants? they seem to have an instinct to understand pointing
 Yes, we all love it. Well something i also love is football and I found interesting to know that the university of Iowa's locker room  for the visiting team is painted in pink.
 Oh yeah,  they have a sense of humor. and I found it incredibly amazing what highest ever score has been: 222 to  0. Georgia tech defeating cumberland. I wish I could find that on youtube.. Well have a great day!
 That is certainly possible. Also it's possible that Google prefers dogs over Cats, in fact I know they do because they state it in their code of conduct LOL
 I am not sure what effect that color really has. Nice chatting with you
 Good Morning! Do you have Netflix?
 Yes I do have Netflix. And I watched Chris Rock special on it and it was awesome! What about you
 I have it too, but never saw it. Ws it good? I know he puts on a good show though.
 Yeah his show is really funny. His last release was called Kill the Messenger in that was back in 2008 so I was waiting for his newest release very patiently haha
 That is patience at its finest. Good thing it wasn't on Comedy Central. They've cancelled over 100 shows since 1989. Far less than Fox I'm sure lol.
 I was mad they just cancelled the Punisher though. I guess they have to save money for postage because they spend more on that than bandwidth.
 Just a couple bucks from Red Box. That is crazy though, I would be inspired to start Netflix if that happened to me too.
 Yep I'll be really annoyed if that were me haha. I could definitely see why they invented Netflix back in 1997
 I remember my dad getting dvd's through the mail with Netflix. Speaking of movies, did you know the Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy with Jack Black. I wish that would have happened.
 I agree even Ryan thinks it was bad. I did see it and agree with Bill Murray on what he said about it.
 I like all of those shows but Seinfeld is the best ever because it is so relatable! I wish that was on Netflix! Glad I'm in the US for Netflix because it's banned in China, Syria, North Korea, and Crimea!
 I believe it! from 9 pm to 12 am, it accounts for 33 percent of North American bandwidth!
 That is one crazy fact! I still can't believe Blockbuster declined several offers to buy it.
 I should have bought stock early on for sure!
 Hi Do you use Netflix?
 Sure! I enjoy many different types of things for my viewing pleasure, including Netflix originals. You?
 Yeah, I used to have the mail service too, but USPS is too unreliable. They would lose DVDs and then I would get blamed for their lack of return.  Streaming in much better.
 Remember the old dinosaur, Blockbuster? Hard to believe they had a chance to buy Netflix and balked...
 Strange business model though. Despite being worth $2 billion, they still are massively in debt.
 I used some of that bandwidth last evening to watch Apollo 13. THat was the movie that started Netflix... Reed Hastings, the originator of Netflix, got frustrated over a $40 late fee to Blockbuster, and that motivated him to start Netflix...
 That is what really put them in debt. But, since they own the content, they will always have an audience... Netflix and YouTube accounts for half of peak internet traffic, so somebody is watching.
 I watch a lot of comedy shows on Netflix, including the movie that Bill Murray calls "the supreme achievement of the modern age  in terms of comedy"...Kung Fu Hustle!
 I have seen that haha.  An amusing discourse to be sure.
 I also recently watched Monty Python's and the  Holy Grail... Hilarious!  Hard to imagine, but the creator of the python programming language named it that in part to honor MP!
 Lots of talent on that show.  But there is a lot of talent in Hollywood that gets cancelled. Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989.
 I enjoyed chatting with you too!  I will leave you with this thought: The Green Lantern was originally going to be a comedy with Jack Black.
 Yes you would have to see it on Netflix. But I don't really like Netflix myself, I don't have it but my friends do so that's why I watch stuff when I am interested in it
 That is hilarious. I had to read that twice. 
 You have a good one too!
 So cool. It was nice chatting with you
 Me too and I really like apps like Spotify and Pandora.  I can listen to my favorite songs with less commercials.  Commercials and talking are the 2 things I dislike about listening to the radio.
 I guess. Seems like a fun way to become a full-time driver... 
 I don't remember that in the song. Im going to have to go back and listen. I used to love that song... Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 That's a cool connection with McDonalds!   In regards to the song, it's one of the later versus.  He says "I like the whopper, f' the big mac." LOL
 Nice... I do like the whopper more than the Big Mac. Although I do not go to either often.  The car brand cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit.
 I hope so! At least he doesn't have a flame-thrower in his cars like they do in south africa!
 I would think so. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
 I do not know... that's an interesting thought. I know deaf people like radio because they can feel the beat of the car. They listen to it at a deafening rate (no pun intended).
 That would be a pretty soothing beat. Might fall asleep to it...
 Not a good thing if driving!  I guess Karl Benz probably didn't count on the radio or Bing Crosby back in 1886 when he invented the car.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Good morning!  Are you a basketball fan?
 Ahh...yes.  That was when she received the Curt Gowdy award.
 I'm not sure.  She's in the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame.  Do you know who James Naismith is?
 The YMCA!  lol  That's where he created it I believe.
 Yes.  In 39 our of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 I agree with you there!  Do you know what they called the basketball court that's on the top floor of the US supreme court building?
 lol Good point!  I can't believe the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks"
 Crazy!  Physicists proved that shooting granny style is the absolute best technique to consistently score points on the freethrow line.
 Yes!  NBA players refuse to do it because they think it looks stupid. lol
 lol  Tim Duncan of the Spurs sacrificied money and stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA.  Rare thing there for a player to do.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Have a great day!
 hello
 Cool, but definitely seems like a silly law.
 I kind of admire Tim Duncan, he stayed in college to get his degree instead of going right to the NBA
 In olden days, Radio is very useful to hear the news and mainly for entertainment purpose. Radio is the development of "wireless telegraphy".
 Its my favourite. The elector magnetic waves carry the information through space at perfect frequency we can absorb through receiver.
 In the world war II, the radio played a major role in transmitting the news and information. Through this technology the new tele communication device was discovered.
 Television is available for the human use in late 1920, after the second world war black and white TV become very popular.
 Television is the mass medium of advertisement, news, series. It earns lot of revenue and provide lot of Job opportunity.
 Canada is the only country in the world which has two national sports.
 I'm a big Tupac fan, nice to see his music is in the library of congress of cultural significance
 Hi there! How are you today?
 Yeah I did that when I was younger. I haven't played basketball in a really long time no. Apparently scientists say that that is the most consistent way to shoot. I just think could be so funny to see all these guys making millions of dollars and shooting granny style LOL
 Haha Shaq definitely should have tried that, didn't he only score like one free throw in his entire career? I think Michael Jordan had a better record, with his Air Jordan shoes haha
 Yep that's what I heard. And apparently Nike would just pay the fee so that Michael Jordan could keep wearing them on the court, that's definitely the best advertising you could get for your money
 Ok have a nice day, and watch out for Foxhole radios, apparently you can make them with just a pencil and a razor blade
 Yeah it has way too many, 750 of them to be more exact. Nice chat :)
 Yes, instead of insulting each other they compliment each other!
 Hilarious, Alright well I have to run great chatting.
 Yes, Have a good day!
 You as well.
 I do. He's old now but I did like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. 
 I was just going to talk about his sister. She won 8 national records! What a talented family!
 That's an amazing deal. Good for him. 
 Do you like playing hockey? I occasionally watch hockey because my brother likes the sport, but I don't have any interest in playing. What about you?
 Indeed! I love his wit and the fact that he is known as the "man of one thousand phrases". Such a clever tag!
 That is so true. You know, Joe Beninati once said his cadence/excitement can be relentless. Truer words have never been spoken, in my opinion!
 Did you know that when the NHL was on lock-out in 2012-2013, he went to Troy to call a girls' youth hockey game? He's such a good guy.
 No kidding! Hey, I should pick it up as well, ha! On a serious note, I think I'm better off just watching it on tv. Speaking of tv, do you like the Simpson's? I'm a fan and appreciated how the crew once set the south park gang flowed after they aired a family guy episode!
 Yeah, I like The Simpson's! I think it's a really clever show. Did you know there's only one episode of The Simpson's in which Bart isn't present and isn't mentioned? I personally like Family Guy better, so I'd love to watch that South Park episode. Do you like Family Guy?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 I'm not sure about that.  All of japans highways are tolls, and it costs more than 300$ to travel across the country.
 Good question.  Probably to make the opposing team feel girly./
 opposing ? :) I would feel a little girly walking from a locker room like that :) lol
 I know it is.  That's ridiculous junk there.
 Humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago - ? I didn't loose mine... ;) lol
 Gracious, that's crazy.  Can you click done?
 yeah, my co-worker went there, loved it
 There's still an island off the coast of either myanmar or indonesia that kill people if they venture onto the island. I dont think you have to worry about them.
 That sounds awful, although I am a fan or Trump
 Now that totally makes sense
 yeah they should paint Oregon beavers locker room pink for both teams
 you too
 That one of my wife's shows, she still really like Hugh Laurie.  With the amount of episodes they made he must have a fair few dollars tucked away somewhere.
 I'd like to go to Mackinac Island. They don't have trains or cars. You can travel by horse drawn carriages or bikes.
 No you're right! Have you seen what a hamburger button is online? It's that button that looks like three horizontal lines. They have it everywhere period. And the name makes me hungry
 Yep, that's how I am too. I love the hands out approach to pretty much anything that I am trying to learn. 
 That's interesting.
 I'm done. Good talking to you.
 Hey, how are you?  Do you like to travel?  I love it in all forms: walking, biking, driving, flying, and boating!
 I would like to know if that would work on me!  Are you a football fan?  I love football!  I am a Bears fan!
 I agree. Well, good chatting with you. Have a good one.
 I used to love Norm MacDonald on that show. He was so funny! I guess all of the anchors have been really good.
 That's a lot of jobs! My wife would kill me if I had that many jobs!
 Wow, I had no idea. Return of the king is the best!
 I think people would take that class. It would make a great elective for most. I would find it interesting.
 I love Jim Henson. Nice chatting with you!
 I do not watch much tv either.. I did like the Simpsons though!! they were fun
 That is kind of strange... good is only one where he does not appear.. did you know when the simpsons crowd sent flowers?
 I heard that too! The producers at the finale, very nice.
 Yeah! I agree, do you remember Thomas the tank engine?
  Very cool that Ringo Starr George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have narrated it!
 Each one did at least 52 episodes each!!
 I did not, but that is just to much, that is enough for 16 years of episodes
 Wow that is great and at the same time deep and not easy to understand. I like to watch fantasy movies and read fantasy books!
 That is right, I learned that recently, his name was Antoine de la mothe cadillac, interesting name!
 I think it has to do with a wooden trunk that cars had in the back, isn't it!
 I would like to!! But I would have to go to South Africa, to be able to do that!
 It is like an action movie, It is completely legal to use for protection! Well it has been nice chatting with you!
 Ha, I could visualize that! Good one. Good chat!!
 Yes! Great, well you have a good night!
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes, they have really good ideas on there!
 LOL that makes sense.
 I've had 3 Ford Mustangs. I loved all of them.
 Are you serious? So there isnt too much variety in Canada is there. How old is radio?
 He could be. I didn't think the film the made about him was made well enough it should have been way better
 I know that the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell but I dont know too much else about its history
 That's funny!  We adapt our technology to what matters to us, though.  We've evolved phones from primitive rotary phones that based numbering systems on speed to cell services that connect us so clearly and quickly.  And I think radio technology, went beyond just transmitting information to fuel our love of something much less practical..  our love of music.  Without music, we wouldn't dance!  And everyone - from babies to Bruce Lee loves to dance!   
 Oh man, that's a throwback!  Yes, Bruce Lee won a cha-cha championship!  You don't usually think of cha-cha when you think of a world-renowned martial artist.   then again, you probably don't think of ballet when you hear Tupac rapping!  But, next time you do, imagine him as the Mouse King from Nutcracker, because he actually did that!
 Oh it was a cha-cha championship. Yeahhh I heard about Tupac playing the Mouse King from The Nutcracker HAHAHAH.  I still can't picture that lol
 High school, actually.  That's also impressive, that kids can be so focused and driven!
 You're right about that.  I wonder was Jada Pinkett also in the play with him. I heard they were best friend in highschool and both were in  Drama class together. 
 Ha!  So they probably used the phone to talk about his dancing in high school and now she can listen to him on the radio!  :)  
 lol I'm sure it was a rotary phone back then.
 Don't forget to stay off your fun and donate water!  :)
 Dancing is a way of expressing joy and amount of happiness either it is money motivated or not
 Its is a nice show. the show though has recorded alot of elimination of women than men this season.
 I can enlighten you more on the issue, a list gist of it. Due to the elimination, in an interview with entertainment tonight, Bones called all the procedures crap that only women have been eliminated so far and his dance partner agreed to it. 
 Those gadget are really essential and the other of the day. It helps and saves life more countless of time.
 That is way more knowledge than I know about radios, I just switch them on and have a dance around the house.
 Listening to radio music  and dancing is fun. I do this a lot to, it relaxes the mind and calms the nerve. My family even joins me in this process. My little baby loves dancing a lot, you should see him in action.
 A few drinks in me and I'm a little better, but I could say that about most things I do.  Especially my ventriloquism, I'm good enough for the radio with that
 It is okay. Everything is always a work in progress as I perceive you changing from this in years coming. I would really love to be in acquaintance with you to check on your progress some other time. But i believe that your change is inevitable.
 Yeah the USA makes all kinds of TV and it's intresting to see what the rest of the world thinks of it. Other countries like the Simpsons for example.
 Yeah or assume all american kids are like Bart. There's only one episode Bart isn't in or mentioned at all, so they see him a lot.  Some things are like Hasselhoff who is much more popular in Germany and Austria than the US.
 Hey Bart is kind of the main character I guess.  I am glad that not all our kids are like him.  Television has come a long way in providing us with news and entertainment.  
 Yeah TV has come a long way since then. It was impressive how it went from black and white to color pretty fast. I wonder what TV might come up with next.
 An apple clothing line huh? Wow. At least they didn't make apple apple juice. But hey there's a stone in Alabama that sells unclaimed clothes from unclaimed bags in airports.
 Lol  that's a good one.  Don't think I would like their apple juice. It's been nice chatting with you. 
 Thank you. It's been nice chatting with you too. Just don't try to separate two phone books with overlapped pages.
 LOL  I will try that to night.  Might be up all night, but will video it on my iphone if I get it done.
 Yeah. Those iphones got a lot of power. More than the nukes the us has, apparently.
 yeah that guy made history with that. nice chat
 Yeah I can't believe it, he is the main character! Thomas the Tank Engine is a wholesome show with some impressive narrators!
 Yes plus Alec Baldwin and George Carlin!
 I'm a dog lover.  lol
 Wow.  That seems like a high amount.  I wonder if they can donate blood?
 Who would have thought that?  But, like you said they do need it.  Something that I never thought of before.
 Another good idea is in Istanbul. They have a vending machine that gives food and water to stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. 
 Now that is a good idea.  Killing 2 birds with 1 stone!  What a nice thing to do for man's best friend.
 Now that you mention it I can see that.  I know google is a dog company.  lol
 They must really really love dogs I would say lol
 That one surprises me.  I wonder why we always hear that they are color blind?
 Interesting.  Switching up topics....do you like soccer?
 It is so popular that it makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined!
 I always wonder that too. Now I know. Thanks for teaching me something. 
 Not really.  Do you mean soccer or football?  HAHA
 LOL. I know. It is funny how many times it gets confused. But it's usually said foobau...LOL
 I love dogs. I have recently done some dog sitting. Easier than owning one and you get paid.
 I love them. They are sweet and honest.
 That is interesting, I know homer had over 188 jobs in the show!
 I remember him as being a nuclear plant worker!
 I only vaguely remember those. My spouse and my stepson used to be big fans of the Simpsons, but I haven't watched it in a long time. I also really liked the Family Guy.
 I agree. I have enjoyed chatting with you, and I hope you have a Happy New Year! 
 Thank you, you as well!
 Good night! 
 Simpsons is a great show! I remember one episode that didn't have Bart in it one time, that was strange!
 It is strange but kind of surprising with as long as it's been on. When South Park aired their Family Guy episode, The Simpsons crew sent them flowers which is hilarious.
 Awe! That's cute lol, I also like That 70's Show, they tried to remake it in the UK but it got cancelled lol.
 Very true! I don't like remakes. Yep, I have heard that Ringo Starr along with George Carlin and Alec Baldwin all  narrated Thomas the Tank Engine over 52 times each! Crazy!
 Yes, love the radio! I heard on an A.M. station you can hear sounds of storms from Jupiter, I want to find that station!
 Wow, very cool. According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
 I do like them but have never had the time to really get into any. I like how the TV show The Big Bang Theory includes comic book "nerds."
 I love Garfield! I'd watch the Garfield and Friends show every Saturday morning on TV as a kid! I hope Google paid a good price to use gmail.com from Garfield!
 Odie the Dog...and Pookie his teddy bear which I nicknamed one of my dogs after! Oh, don't forget Nermal!  I see I should have gone to Michigan State...they have a comic book selection that's the largest in the World!
 I am a football fan, not a Redskins fan. I like Eli Manning...
 Maybe, but the NFL uses tracking chips to monitor location of players. I don't think women will appreciate a bunch of men monitoring their every move. I could be wrong, but this seems like a ready-made conflict.
 Yeah, and there are more rocket scientists that are engineers than football players or coaches, with the one exception being coachMatt Patricia...
 Yeah. Sounds more like a rule they had back in1932, the year of the first NFL playoff game.
 Yeah. Pretty smart dude...genius-level IQ they say...that was before those concussions...
 Yeah, AM played for the Saints. Not a bad player. You know, Peyton and ELi have an older brother, Cooperr?
 Cooper had to quit football years ago due to a spinal issue.  It's amazing how much damage can be done to a body in just 11 minutes of game time!
 That IS a lot of money! Disney will pay players $30,000 just for a couple of seconds of work--just to say "I'm going to Disney World" on TV. Per second, I think that beats Hugh Laurie!
 Yeah, but he still takes the money too!  One actor I really admire is Patrick Stewart. Not only a gifted actoir, he also teaches master classes to help mold future actors. 
 One of my favorite actors to watch was James Dean. He was a good looking guy and I would love to see where his career would have gone if he didn't die so soon.
 Yeah. Maybe he would make an appearance on Ikea Heights, that melodrama filmed entirely at a Burbank Ikea store without their knowledge! 
 HIdden from the owners of the Ikea I guess. Sounds like a soap opera of some sort. I don't think Ikea even sells soap...Not like the old soap operas that were all sponsored by soap manufacturers...
 LOL  Yeah, that or by Pharmaceutical companies. The commercials list side medication effects, and the actors demonstrate the bizarre side effects can do to a person. The Office was kind of like a comedic soap opera. The actress that played Erin demonstrated quite a few side effects...
 Yeah, he is a great over-actor!   He must think dramas have too much negativity?
 Really? That's cool! 10 as Eli's jersey number, right?
 Eli was drafted in the first round and has done a great job representing Ol' Miss. Nice to see the honors passed down that way. Let's hope the next player to be honored is not a lineman with the Jersey number, 99!
 Technically it is 17 weeks because there is one bye week, and then the playoffs drag on for some time. Like my rambling!  It's been nice chatting!
 Yes! They are like the Greek masks of Comedy and Tragedy! They can be funny even if your team is losing, which is a tragedy for you!
 It's interesting that Jim Carey wont play in dramas anymore because of his personal belief in always being positive. I guess I like him in comedy anyway!
 Probably so. Maybe they will become those high paid engineers we talked about instead of football players! Ha! I bet the students on Ole Miss' campus wished Eli's number was higher than 10 so they could drive faster!
 He was always better in comedy anyway
 yes. I like football
 They are capable of playing sports in womens leagues such as basketball. Ive seen some pretty good womens basketball players
 It was great talking to you!
 The TV show House was interesting. I used to watch it and I do not watch much TV at all. $700000 per episode is a lot. 
 Go Saints
 I liked that promotion! Stopped hearing from some people I don't want to talk to and got a free burger!
 HA! That's why I stopped. I would get drunk and then be a waste for my wife and kids all day. I would be so lazy and pass out on the couch. ANd I am a morning person so my tee time would be like 6 am. And on college football saturdays, I was worthless. The Mrs. was not pleased.
 That's my type of golf. My wife is really into it so she wanted me to golf. I know it a gender role reversal... I got into it with my brother in law and we would just drink all day. Then my sister would get mad at me and my wife. It was not worth golfing. Have'nt gone in 4 years.
 HA! I would have too but i only have like 100 friends on there. I wouldn't have eaten for very long.
 Ditto!
 Me too they are super handy nowadays. It was nice chatting with you.
 Like the 7% of the people who do not read it. I don't read them either.
 Only lasted 10 days or something. Nice chatting with you!
 Hello! |I do, i love the Simpsons! What is your favorite show or movie?
 Oh yeah, that an intertesting detail i have never noticed before!
 Yeah, and that they created about 50 per year for 16 years nonstop!
 Well, atleast the american version of That 70s show lasted longer than that
 Yeah but that just goes to show that not all remakes are as good as the original!
 Probably alot! Talking about the Simpsons, did you know that when the family guy episode was aired on Southpark that they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?
 That's power! And did you know that Google maps uses your Android phone to calculate driving conditions?
 Yes it is! But, when you're a conglomerate like they are, you can control alot of things!!
 Yeah, and i'm sure they have some pretty good hackers to prevent that from happening again, too!! lol
 Yep, and that they reorganized their interest and called it Alphabet Inc.
 It probably was too costly. Well, it was nice chatting with you! I hope you have  agreat night!
 I'm off to Google more about television shows! Good bye! 
 Good night!
 They did, that is definitely commitment!
 Bummer. So close to getting a metal. I'm sure her parents were still so proud though. I love watching the Olympics. I usually watch on TV as TVs are basically everywhere these days.
 Yeah it sounded like a real flop. I am glad I never watched it.
 Hello!  Did you know that Google was founded in 1998?
 I'm like you.  I was thinking I had used it before then.  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send  astronauts to the moon.  Pretty powerful stuff.
 lol right!  Instead of hiring people to mow the lawn around their headquarters google once used hundereds of live goats.  
 I did not know that?  Why do they call themselves that?
 That's pretty neat!  Do you watch a lot of television?
 I don't have cable either.  We have Amazon Prime and Netflix.  Do you watch that 70s show on Netflix?
 It did it was called Days like These.  Did you ever watch the Simpsons?
 I had no idea.  I always remember him working at the Nuke plant for some reason.
 That's right! hahaha I bought a duff beer can that was full of jellybeans a few years ago for a christmas stocking.  Did you know that there was only 1 episode where Bart wasn't it nor was even mentioned?
 I don't remember it either.  Do you know who narrated Thomas the Tank?
 Good morning! If you use an Android device, you are contributing to the traffic on  Google maps, as they track how fast android devices are moving.
 Good morning!  That's interesting!  Google once used live goats instead of people to take care of the lawn around their headquarters.
 I agree.  I don't know what would happen to the internet without google.  In 2013 google went down for 5 minutes and took 40 percent of the web traffic with it.
 True!  I used to see those google mapping cars driving around, but haven't seen them recently.  
 I didn't know that.  The trunk of cars are called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
 lol  It must have been.  The car brand Cadillace was named after the French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who was the founder of Detroit.
 I've been to Bell Island, in Detroit. It's where the founder built his home. I still think they should come out with a flamethrower option, like they have in South Africa, where it's legal.
 LOL I could only imagine!  Jann Mardenborough became a pro racer by beating 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo.
 That's a good game, but I prefer Need for Speed. I love how adaptable McDonalds is. They came up with the drive-thru, due to soldiers not being permitted out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 Was that in 1975?
 I love the Simpsons!  I don't recall that episode.  I'm not into Pokemon but I see that there's 750 episodes of it.  That equals out to about 50 a year for 16 years!
 I remember that show
 I never knew that.  I couldn't imagine what people would do if they had to have watched television like they did back in the 60s and 70s...and even the 80s.
 I didn't know that.  I'm going to have to look that up.  Thanks for passing that along.
 Thanks!  Have a good one!
 I am not sure how reliable. nice chat
 well Google gives better results but I use bing because they pay you per search actually
 Oh cool, some incentive there. Nice chatting with you
 did you know that there was a moral panic in the 1700's because everyone was reading books? haha
 right, I think it's funny though that they used to read off bad poetry and whoever laughed first would lose, thats hilarious
 Ok so apparently it's because old cars had wooden trunks on the back, apparently the name sticked.
 I like sport cars and SUV's. Do you know why Cadillacs are named like that?
 That is like been in a movie. You have to go to South Africa and you can do it legally.
 Like Jann Mardenborough, he became an expert in gran turismo, he did beat 90000 people and then he became a professional racer
 I must have taken a long time, but in his case, the time he spent playing video games was worth it. By the way, do you like Mc Donalds?
 I like to read alot of non-fiction...like biographies, area specific histories, sports... I never read Starship Troopers though.
 How interesting is that?  CS Lewis and Tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when readin terrible poetry.
 That's incredible!  The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones who could read 4,700 words per minute!
 I wonder if she did or if she just flew threw it?  I'm guessing the latter.  lol
 I didn't know that.  In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.  I couldn't imagine that.  That was one of the few forms of entertainment people had back then.
 That is crazy.  I wouldn't have guessed that at all.
 That is neat.  I had no idea they could do that.  Do you know anything about Unicef's program that has to do with not using your cell phone?
 Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.  I like it!
 Me too!  I just read that New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I had no idea!  Interesting.  It was nice chatting with you today!
 No, it does not have a trunk but I am glad they got rid of the wooden trunk.
 the very first one was added in 1975! I cant imagine what it would have been like without one. it seems like a staple nowadays
 haha that was my first thought when I heard about the Space Force
 Yeah, and here it turns out it was initially intended for people that are working, and to protect our country nonetheless! I guess these days, they are for lazy people. Haha, me included!
 oh wow! haha. kind of glad I don't live there. That sounds incredibly unsafe! "Hazardous road conditions ahead!" haha
 Apparently they use them to prevent car jacking. I would use it in traffic! Ha
 Haha! Road rage must be insane over there! "He cut me off, so I lit him up!" Haha, very funny actually.
 I don't reach much fiction at all. In fact I'd struggle to think of a fiction title that I've read, but I love informational books, such as books about plants or animals. Do you like to read books?
 Nice chatting with you as well! Have a wonderful day! :)
 I do love reading!  How about you?
 I never read it, but seen the movie.  I see that is on the reading lists of 3 of the 5 US military branches though.
 I saw that too, but didn't read it.  It's also on the military reading lists.
 I'm not sure.  Why are they called that?
 Makes sense.  I would like to see one of the cars from South Africa that are equipped with flame throwers.
 I agree.  Imagine if those cars got into the wrong hands?  Total chaos would erupt.
 I just read that.  Jann Mardenbourough!  What a story!
 Did you know that that Ford made the Model T in 1908?  It's been fun!
 Yes it sounds like a wonderful cause.
 Merry Xmas!
 Hey, how are you?
 Well, thanks. Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues. I have a theory, see if you agree, this would have been at the end of the Vietnam war or after it when the US was anti-war. Do you think that was the reason for the drive thru?
 Yeah. I heard that the other day and had no idea and it really bothered me until I thought of the Vietnam war, which explained it...
 That would be the worst! Not sure I would ever car jack
 The car brand cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit. 
 I am not sure, it would be interesting to find out though... New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 No, East coast bias... Plus they were probably the first to get phones so they just chose it...
 Wow, that's really generous. I wonder what the criteria for the donation is...
 You could help thirsty kids! The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 I think we could all use some time away from screens so it may be a welcome site...
 Yes of course, the capabilities are amazing. nice chat :)
 I don't think so either. I can't stand second hand clothes but understand some people need to shop that way. I couldn't wear those shoes either!
 I wonder where Trump is on that list? Zimbabwe has president banana.
 I would prefer not to think about that, ha! He would be at the top of the Russian charts though.
 I agree. It was good talking to you!
 i like this movie Get Out
 I haven't seen that one yet. If you watch a horror movie before you look at abstract art you will enjoy the art more!
 A horror film is a film that seeks to elicit fear.[1] Initially inspired by literature from authors like Edgar Allan Poe, Bram Stoker, 
 oh its true
 okay,Do you think television is a device of entertainment?
 Sure! It's a mass medium for advertising, news and entertainment. Some of my favorite shows are south park, the simpsons and family guy.
 oh very interesting.Facsimile transmission systems for still photographs pioneered methods of mechanical scanning of images in the early 19th century. Alexander Bain introduced the facsimile machine between 1843 and 1846.
 me also like Pokemon. 
 In the first 400 episodes, homer simpson has held 188 jobs.
 "Homer the Whopper" very interesting Simpsons.
 i don't know.its true
 thanks for the information very interesting.
 You're very welcome!
 I do like the Simpson's! 
 Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin, and George Carlin (RIP). I would love to see Carlin voice it as his comedy act. WOuld be great watching Thomas do it...
 I have it up next in mu que. Nice chatting with you!
 I love watching films but not so much tv
 Well I try to steer clear of horror movies altogether.  I remember watching Halloween in high school and practically throwing up.  And that movie was so ridiculous.  So It's better for me to watch fluffy movies or dramatic movies.  Nice talking with you. 
 Hello!  Do you know much about the history of clothing?
 Wow!  lol  I know that Apple had a clothing like in 1986.  
 Same here. It seems like everything you see pilgrims in, they're always wearing black/white. What I find funny is people actually used to do their laundry in old faithful. They'd stick their clothes in the geyser and when it erupted, it would spit their clothes out clean. That's hilarious. Ha!
 Hahahahaha I can picture them shooting up into the air.  Funny stuff!  Something on another funny note...the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!
 Yes!  I never knew that.  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Interesting!  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  Must have had a lot of free time on his hands.
 I'm not sure!  He obviously didn't work on his politics 100 percent of the time.  lol  Speaking of US presidential elections....did you know that up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president?
 I'm not thrilled by it.  But I do use it to stay in touch with people.  Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook you would get a free whopper.  I would have done that in a heartbeat.
 No way!  I buzz right by that garbage.  Did you know that Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness?
 That doesn't surprise me at all.  Sad reflection of where society is now.  I've known quite a few people I've worked with who got themselves into trouble by getting involved with members of the opposite sex from Facebook.  It's a shame.  I have to get going.  It's been nice chatting with you!
 i am sure.  looks like we are building new stadiums for soccer here now.  
 thanks
 Yes I agree, that's a great way to spend $300,000 which was his bonus amount
 Yes I agree, I want to travel at 160 miles per hour like the Dutch bus theyre planning, that would make my visit to japan super fast
 Yes you're right. I actually live in Michigan and I've been to Mackinac Island. I'm allergic to horses and the whole Island smells like horse poop LOL
 Hi, Do you like travel?
 Yeah, i really love travel. It's really very happy to me.
 I traveled many place. But my favorite travel place is paris. What about you?
 I have been to Paris once too! It was beautiful. I also like to go to California. It's closer to me.
 That's great. Do you like football?
 I love football very much.
 Yeah. I have one. The great New England Patriots.
 I think he's a great player. He obviously has lots of talent, since he keeps helping his team win. Great teamwork is one of the best things to see in the NFL. Thanks for chatting!
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes. I have never been there but looked it up and it looks awesome. They have really nice homes too!
 Yes, I do watch it but the european league. I know it makes a ton of money. I wish I could get in on the money!
 I did not. Nice chatting with you!
 They are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players. go figure. nice chatting with you
 yup, I wish I did that back in the day, i'm hungry right now I'd do it now even haha
 I used to drive a lot, but I moved to a more walk-able city and do not use it as much. 
 Mcdonalds drive through might be the most convenient thing invented! They added them in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars.
 That's pretty interesting. Have you ever been to South Africa? It is illegal there to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent a carjacking.
 Oops! I meant to put legal! I haven't played it, what's it about?
 Wow, that's pretty cool. I always wondered if being good at something in a game correlated with being good at something in real life.
 Me too, I haven't seen a rotary phone in quite some time. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't you your cell phone.
 I use it every once in a while. Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for 75 million in 2005. I bet they feel pretty silly now..
 I try to find humor in it! I take joy in the fact that Trump isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents of all time for example.
 Now that is hilarious for sure! Trump should do the same, maybe he can make more money and rank top 3 riches presidents finally! Do you use FaceBook at all?
 Oh wow! I wouldn't like having to join just to make suggestions. But I'm sure they have other means of getting suggestions. At least I hope so. Actually I appreciate the blue as well. Not that I use facebook, I just appreciate blue! :) Time flies! Facebook was created in 2004!
 I think it's very useful too! Especially with the things it inspires, like there's a YouTube-esque site for police called "Blutube", for sharing law enforcement videos.
 Oh I've heard about blutube! I've been meaning to check it out! Youtube is huge! I mean, wow, the second largest search engine! Easy to believe since I'm always watching youtube!
 Two of my most favorite websites! Sometimes I use both websites at the same time! Fun fact! Justin Beibers "baby" song is the most disliked video on youtube! 
 I agree! People can be pretty mean sometimes! And Ditto! It was wonderful chatting with you as well!
 Absolutely haha, take care!
 Hello
 yes. sometimes
 yes. And tech will continue to allow us to do some amazing things in the  future
 Every day!  lol  I love the video sharing site youtube.
 Love to watch music stuff...concerts, interviews.  Love to watch baseball, football, etc.  Comedy bits too as well as financial, entrepreneurship videos. 
 I like to watch nature videos of animals in their natural settings.  Like gorillas, elephants, etc.  Youtube is actually the second largest search engine on the internet.
 Yes.  That's why I love it for the original content.  Especially the business/entrepreneur videos.  Netflix and Youtube make up 1/2 of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 lol  I think probably because he went through a phase where people in general just had a backlash against what he was because they weren't fans of his style of music and had nothing better to do than create negativity.  I'm surprised the presidents don't use the platform more often.
 Did you know the U.S. presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
 I'm not sure.  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  That's surprising.
 I'm not sure.  lol.   Do you like to use Facebook?  I'm not much a fan of it.
 It's nice to stay in touch with relatives and friends, but it just seems like an incredible waste of time for the most part.  Burger King ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on facebook they would give you a free Whopper.
 True.  Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook and they are allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.
 I like watching the Bob Ross channel. I've become a decent painter watching him.
 I know that trump isn't among them, lol. I think JFK is on that list.
 Take care
 Yeah. Although I think they had done it since the 80s. Maybe they did the first few seasons on a Commodore 64 LOL? 
 Yeah. I know they had accounting software LOL, my Dad used it. We had the Minnesota Fats pool game and I think one soccer one. But it was such a different era. No Madden style graphics
 Yeah I've read that somewhere. When I was a kid, we played a kind of kickball called Rounders at camp. Our counselor was English. He kept telling us "run to fourth!" and we were like, "You mean home? Run home?"
 Right? I wonder if they have cricket cards LOL? I think they have stickers for soccer. 
 Probably one of the players got chosen to be manager. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Me too, have a great night :) 
 For sure. It was good talking to you. Take care!
 WOw that is amazing. Nice chatting with you.
 Yes, very much, baseball, football but my favorite is soccer
 I did not know that either. I was surprised too about the amount of players worldwide , about 250 million!!
 Yes, it is famous in more that 200 countries!
 No I had no idea, It must be fun!! It's been also found out that soccer players run about 7 miles each game. That is a lot
 I think  it does, but It is very rare for that to happen. Did you know that Greenland cannot join fifa?
 Because there is not enough grass, so they cannot have a soccer field!
 You are so right. Very very ironic name. It is also very interesting that football is such a wide word, it has many kinds and variations and those are called codes.
 Yes, and there is even a Gaelic football, Rugby and australian football. I definetely will search for videos showing those games, I am very curious about that.
 Really, that is crazy. I found really crazy too that I high scool stadium in Texas can seat 18 thousand people. Good for that school players
 From the NFL I am a Denver  Broncos fan
 The did beat them !!!  I guess that will not happen again in football history.Well it was a pleasure talking to you! have a good one
 New yorks area code is 212 because they are lazy. Who knew!
 I would be more than happy to give up my phone for a week! I would say a month but I am not Amish...
 Nice chatting with you!
 Quite true. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Same here
 Unforutnately I did not.
 Oh my.  I'm glad at least you were able to have a little relief by being able to watch some hockey.  Are you a football fan as well?
 I watch it.  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv?
 Right? lol  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
 You got it.  They got smoked.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that era.  Times sure have changed sine then.
 LOL That makes two of us!  Here's a good stat:   Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career!  Impressive!
 LOL  Nice!  I wonder about some of the facts I've read.  Have you ever heard the story of how the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team is painted pink?
 LOL  Right!  I was reading that soccer makes more money than all of the other major sports combined.  I'm guessing that's the whole world.
 No...which brings me to the last fact....Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football.
 Yes! lol  I had fun chatting with you!  Hope you make a full recovery!  Have a blessed night!
 Haha, so true.  I played when I was kid and my kids played as well.
 Imagine only one goal with everyone trying to score on it.
 Three goalies, one from each team.  Closest one to the ball that was scored gets deducted a point.
 Yeah it was one of the best selling albums of 2014. Great chatting with you as well I hope you have a good one.
 Hello,  how are you ? Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 Yeah,  was good talking to you. 
 Have you ever heard any of Brent Cobb's music?
 I believe so.    George Jones was another act his father played with.
 A few.    I have heard good things about Providence Canyon.
 Really.     Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 Even though it sounds worse, I still like to hear an album on the radio.
 A good question.   Maybe he came from Canada, where 40% of all content must be of local origin.
 Wow!    However, he probably couldn't get played on the Finnish radio station that broadcasts news in classical latin.
 I wonder if you can pick those signals up on a foxhole radio?
 Thanks for the chat!    I think I am going to go listen to some classic radio dramas on a website.
 I heard that one was the best selling album of the 21st century!
 I guess its never too late to follow your calling that must be funny to watch, wonder if its on Youtube
 i agree, nice chatting
 Hey buddy! You listen to radio much?
 Nice! At 100 they probably have a lot to say!  Although they may be banned in Canada, since they have a law that requires 40% of their airtime be devoted to Canadian artists...
 I don't. I am more into classic radio, like those old classic radio dramas of yesteryear. You know they have thousands of those shows that  you can listen to those through a website for free?
 Foxhole radios! Yeah, that is cleaver.  Did you know a simple AM radio can tune in and detect radio storms from the planet Jupiter? I wonder if those foxhole raios could get those too?
 That is great! Now we can show support by doing absolutely nothing!  And, since the iPhone has the computing capacity necessary to power the entire nuclear ICBM deterrent, it is good to put the phone away for a while!
 You should check out the Youtube video of some young dudes who are given a rotary phone for the first time, and they struggle to figure how to use it. Classic funny!  212 would have been the easiest area code to dial!
 Yeah, and there is another with a guy trying to separate two phone books that have been joined by having alternative pages overlap. Separating that is impossible! 
 It also sounds crazy that the phone cables that cross the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter and are simply just lay on the ocean's floor. Where are all the sea monsters?
 Nice! I still have my old vinyls around somewhere. Maybe they are worth something?  I may even have some old 78s too!
 Well, you enjoy those pieces of history...the original floppy discs!  Do you have the best selling album of the 21st century, Hybrid Theory?
 News to me. I've owned 78s, 45s, 33s, eight-track, cassette tapes, CDs, DVD, mp3s, and blue rays..but never Real Big Fish... Hey, nice chatting with you!
 Same here, have a good one
 Yeah, it is. It is pretty awesome. 
 Yeah, crazy! Well nice chatting with you.
 I love baseball and this years world series was one of the best I have seen.
 I did not know that but at least they got to the world series as compared to other teams that have not for a while such as the Cubs until recently
 Do you like all sports? How about basketball?
 Tim Duncan is an amazing person. Today the there are more one and doners than Tim Duncan. By the way i used to shoot free throws granny style myself when I was younger. It worked out for me.
 I like the way players in the same city but different sports support the other team sports of the city. LIke Lebron James going to Indians games. The  Caps, Nats and the Wiz support each other
 Ah, same here. I always watch the superbowl.
 The highlight reel on youtube that only lasts five minutes is plenty. I agree.
 Well, at least 18 is higher than 11. What about soccer? The world series last year was pretty interesting.
 Especially Croatia, they did excellent lath year. (And yeah, I meant world cup sorry).
 I wonder how though, they were part of the US marines. Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
 It was, have a nice day!
 Haha, let us hope not!
 I arrived there in '95, so a little before my time.  I don't think anything major was won in my time there, we did get a new baseball team.  I should have focused more  on the Capitals.
 DC is a funny place, very few people there are from DC, usually they are there for work or school.  I guess if you won it in '88 winning it a few later isn't such a big deal.
 I'm not completely anti sports, originally from Europe so soccer is my thing.  I enjoy movies and TV, can't get to the TV now since my son is playing Fortnite all the time.
 Have a good day, maybe they have an Atari in the white house, they still use floppy disks. 
 No that's crazy! I'm glad we have video games now instead of using chickens for entertainment LOL. And yes the Nintendo actually lasted until about the year 2003 in Japan so it was around for a long time 
 Yeah it has been, I hope you have a good one too!
 I found that fact is very hilarious.  I think the banana is considered a good spirit
 As if the white house could not afford the electrical bill.  Hahaha
 Nice point you made there.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 bye
 Good Morning. I'm glad to see you are on today.
 Good morning to you too how are you doing? Are you a big Netflix guy? I personally love it along with many other people in North America.
 Oh goodness yes.  I'm all about Netflix and Chill.  I saw Hannibal Buress on a 2016 Netflix panel.
 I heard that.  On Mythbusters they used 2 trucks to try and pull them apart.  A telephone might convert sound into electronic signals and play Netflix, but it can't hold up to a truck. 
 I grew up playing Nintendo but I have not played for many years, how about you?
 lol I grew up as well playing.  I remember the day we brought up the oringal system that could only display 54 colors.
 I remember those, but the ancient Britons use to use chickens as entertainment so I guess we have come a long way
 Isn't that crazy?  I was surprised to find out that the white house was shot at on Nov. 11,2011 and it took the secret service 4 days to realize it.
 I guess they did not get their annual bonus
 Hahah  Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Nice!  Yes....he had them banned from the White House because he was a big conservationist.
 I guess Bush was too  with his solar panels
 Yes he was.  I believe Reagan had originally taken them off (after Jimmy Carter had put them on lol)
 I didn't know that.  Wonder why that is?  I think I'm going to have to look up the first president of Zimbabwe and see what he looks like.  He was called President Banana. lol
 I know lol That's why I want to look it up. It made me curious.  What do you think of the president of Indonesia?  He released 3 pop albums while in office.  Sounds like he should have been focused on his country to me.
 They must be if he made 3 of them.  His fans must have bought them I would think otherwise he wouldn't have made them. lol
 I agree with you.  I think I've read where he is the wealthiest president we've had.  Maybe the facts are old?  I have to jump off here.  It's been fun chatting!
 have a good day
 Hope you have a good day too!
 Hello, much of the writing is regarding the lack of journalism , how do you feel of this?
 i feel good
 yea sure
 Additionally the truck driver bill was great as I know truck drivers do not get treated very well by their companies, it can be a rather dangerous job, do you have similar stories? 
 do you know already Since 1950, the prize has been part of the wide-ranging legacy of legendary labor leader Sidney Hillman.
 sorry i don't know
 That's alright, within the Presidents I was quite shocked to learn that jfk was one of the richest, I would have suspected it to have been someone more recent, what do you think?
 i have no idea  and do you know Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in offic
 Yeah that also shocked me, I have studied american history in my APUSH class before however I had completely forgotten that part of history where the vice president was chosen through who finished as runner up in the president election.  I also had no idea the guest house was larger than the white house, did you know that?
 yes i am also shocked  do you know The nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan.
 Oh wow I did not, I wonder if they still make any classic versions for people to by in special cases?
 that's ok It took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house on november 11, 2011
 The white house has twin buildings in ireland and france.
 It is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C. 
 do you know The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
 Yeah, GW wasn't my ideal president but he was a cool dude. He actually had solar panels put back on the white house.  I think Clinton might have had them installed
 I could't be on TV.  Too pretty, lol.  What did you read about the White House earlier?  I think we got side-tracked.
 Yeah, I read that once, saw pics, too.  Place would be awesome to party in.  Get a couple DJ's and some questionable characters, good times.  Secret Service would probably join in.
 Yeah, I gotta go eat some street tacos and get some toilet paper.  Totally related.
 11am on Constitution Ave and 23rd Street NW. Traffic will be awful...
 No. Not a big fan of the Caps. And the traffic will be worse than any time since President Lincoln was inaugurated.
 Nothing like an inauguration parade of elephants!  When Loncoln was inaugurated, he was the first to get photographed. Eerily, his future assassin in seen in those very same inauguration day photos
 Larry, Curly and Moe? In Guatamala, relatives of the Pres are not allowed to run for that office, so sadly, the neither the Marx brothers of the three stooges could run separately for office.
 He still has time... That and he may get an honorary PhD too!  Woodrow Wilson is the only Pres with a genuine PhD... 
 Only way they could get Kanye to come to tWashington was to offer him a bigger place... LOL  Brains in the WHite would be a nice change from recent history. FDR was the last Pres to even be able to speak two languages fluently ...
 Yeah. Carter put them up, Reagan took them down. Bush Sr and CLinton forgot about them, and then GW pulled them out of moth balls.
 They probably interfered with the cable reception... Carter also turned all the thermostats in the White House down to 65 degrees during the winter of 77.
 In a town where somebody is always shooting their mouth off about something, who would notice?  Hey, did you know that if you mail the White House a birth announcement, they will respond with a congrats card?
 Yeah. Heck, I would be happy to get one from the replica White House in Atlanta!
 I would have never of guessed a replica white house down there. I'm going to take off though, great chatting! Have a great rest of the day!
 Yes, I enjoy the flix, even their hour long video of a burning log...Do you?  
 Netflix employs a team of "taggers" to watch the films and tag the content. That sounds like a job I would love!
 They choked... In 2000, Netflix proposed that Blockbuster use them as their online service, but Blockbuster just laughed. Look whose laughing now!
 Now they are huge!  I wonder where it is not available?  I know that Netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which shows to purchase. Makes you wonder...
 It must still be cash positive effort. They may also have title rights to use a broader range of movies on DVD than they can offer online.
 Sure!  I even like old radio dramas. Did you know that one of the most popular radio shows in the 1930s was a ventriloquist act?  
 Havent heard of that one, how can that work lol, that seems absurd the whole point of the show is to watch the ventriloquist and the puppet interact
 Baffles the mind doesn't it?  So does knowing that more than half of radio music played on air during 1948 was Bing Crosby music.  
 And what do we have these days? We have radio stations with everything imaginable, including a station devoted to solar activity translated into sound!  I wonder if the sun can sing White Christmas like Bing Crosby?
 "And now, for the latest news spoken in the oldest language..."  LOP  Sounds like a Bill Murray skit!  Did you know, he was the voice of the human torch in the 1970s Fantastic Four radio show?
 Pretty cool!  Like this fact I recently learned about Dolphins: They can communicate by telephone!  And they appear to know who they are speaking to, and they communicate on porpoise...
 The inventor of the telephone was an undertaker... Nobody liked the nights that he called!  Thanks for chatting!
 Yes, in fact I think the year was 1886, which was regarded as the birth year of the modern car. Benz is a fun brand.
 I played a little in school but I was never as great as some of these pro players. There are some great players out in the various leagues. 
 It has been so many years since I played that I had forgotten all of that. I bet I could still hustle a game at the supreme court basketball court though.  I can't imagine the justices have many hoop skills. 
 Hi, how are you?
 Very well, thanks. Do you have any kids? i Have 2 and haven't heard of these books.
 Yeah. I am a little interested in seeing it. I wonder if it is picture or drawings? My kids always love the pigeon books.
 The Bears did well this year. People love two hate them. It's gotta be motivating for them. If there wasn't so much negativity coming their way, Brady probably would have retired already.
 If they won last year, or this year, I can see him walking away. His wife has been publicly lobbying him to quit. That's gotta be tough to play through knowing your wife doesn't like your job.
 Yeah, that was pretty crazy when she implied  in an interview that he's suffering from CTE. It'd gotta make for an awkward situation at home.
 I understand. I was watching the match this morning on NBC Sports. It was really good!
 I root for Benfica. They're a smaller club from Portugal.
 Wow that took a long time and who know how much more before it was discovered
 Hello!  Are you a football fan?
 Holy smokes!  Hope that star never wanders this way.  We'll be obliterated and wouldn't even know what hit us.  A lightning bolt surprisingly is 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun!
 True.  We wouldn't be here without it that's for sure.    Surprisingly, Neptune completed it's first full orbit around the sun since it was discovered in 1846. 
 I didn't know that.  ..and yes.  I love music!
 oh man...I don't know how much money I threw away on cassettes back in the day.  Then...I didn't learn my lesson and bought cds.  Most times re-buying the same thing I already had on cassette!
 lol  Funny stuff!  I have to get running.  It was a nice chatting with you.  Have a great day!
 At least he Hannety didn't go to the lengths like white and pinkman did taking Saul out to the desert?  LOL
 Someone should give Sean some serious advices lol I thought the critics were harsh on him but at the same time funy, like the one that says dude needs to lay off Breaking Bad.
 I thought advice is what he was seeking from Cohen?  Hahahahahaaaaaaaa
 Lol, yeah apparently he should change counsel well with all that he said he will definetely do that.
 Every day! Gotta catch them radio waves, convert them into osculating current, and then music to my ears!  You?
 I opened up one as a child and they look complicated. I don't know how they work, but I enjoy the results. I even enjoy old radio shows. Did you know one of the most popular acts front he 1930s was a ventriloquist? Kind of bazaar, but true!
 Those WW2 soldiers were amazing!  Back around that time, Bing Crosby was responsible for almost half of the recorded music that they aired.  And to think they built those radios out of spare office supplies just to listen to Bing!
 Nice!  You can also hear solar music and there's a station dedicated to it!
 I feel sorry for them. Almost as bad as I do for the Chicago residents that made a Hanson song the most requested track on a clocal alternative station because the DJ did not tell the listeners who they were listening to... Fake out!
 Yeah!  I even used  to listen to the old Fantastic Four radio show, and only later learned that the role of the human TOrch was voiced by Bill Murray!
 Old shows are great!  I recently started watching old reruns of SNL. Still makes me laugh. Especially the Weekend Update, SNK's oldest longest skit. Are you an SN fan??
 I am an SNL fan and I love Weekend Update. 
 Th Sipsons is another long running comedy that I enjoy. I always got a kick out of Homer and his jobs...he had about 188 diferent jobs in the first 400 episodes...
 Really? I never noticed. Do remember the episode where Daniel Radcliffe voiced the Edward Cullen character during the Twilight parody?  It was called, "Treehouse of Horror"
 No. Sounds clever. Not SHakespear or anything, but still clever. SHakespear was so reverred that only one of his plays never made it to TV or film. Do you know which one?
 I do not. I usually listen to spotify. What do you enjoy listening to?
 I wonder if they have to play at least 40% jupiterian music, like canada.
 LOL that's funny. I probably rather listen to Jupiter radio actually. I can't think of any good Canadian music haha
 What about Nickleback? Ok you win that round...
 I did not know that. I have watched it but it is not my favorite station. Do you watch it?
 That would have been really funny and ironic. Fox News getting defensive about agendas...
 Wow! Who knew. Nice chatting with you!
 Good morning!  Hope your day has started off well
 Yeah that definitely makes me doubt his honesty, that is a great reference though, I loved the series, too much Netflix for Hannity.
 Ha!  I never really got into what about Sal tho...
 Yes!  I listen to talk radio, sports during my work day - I like to have it on in the background and I especially like baseball talk and games - can't wait!
 I guess it would be hard to track them all the way back. It was nice chatting with you
 No I didn't. That's kind of humorous! Almost as crazy as knowing the first president to be photographed for the inauguration was Lincoln and ironically, Wilkes Booth was in that very photo!
 So true. We should thank Hedy Lamarr because without her, we wouldn't have cellphones or even gps and wifi!
 I know its a communication device that connects 2 or more users together.
 I have.  I remember using them!  New York's area code 212 was like that because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone!
 Wow.  That seems crazy, but doesn't surprise me.  The cell phones now are more like mini sized computers now.  I think I use mine more to watch youtubes and look up things on the internet more than I use it for actual phone calls.
 LOL  Yes!  The cables that carry phone and internet data across the oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and lay on the ocean floor.  That had to have been a task laying those wires.
 Heck no!  That would be terrible.  On a different noe did you know that Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer?  
 I didn't know that?  Why do they wear them because of horses?
 Interesting!  Romans saw wearing pants as a sign of barbarism. 
 LOL  I wonder when they started calling them trousers?
 I think they might have originated in East Asia.
 Ahh...ok.  I got to get going.  It was a pleasure chatting with you.  Have a great evening!
 New Yorkers are so impatient. I would love to see a dolphin talk on the phone.
 Maybe? I think it's hilarious that hard hats are basically melted legos, as they are both made from the same type of plastic.
 That's pretty cool. It's also cool that tipping your hat comes from when Knights would raise their face visors in order to show that they were not enemies with each other
 I love air travel even though it's 10% slower than it was in the 1960s as they try to save on fuel costs now. What about you?
 I think traveling by air is easiest although I do enjoy traveling by train. It is relaxing. I wouldn't be so lucky in Iceland. They have no rail service.
 That makes sense! You know what I find funny? People actually steal garden gnomes and take them traveling with them. Then they return the gnome to its owner with photos from their travels. That is hilarious! Ha!
 Indeed it is. You mentioned the Indonesian president releasing 3 pop albums and it reminded me of something funny I heard: Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs back in 2010. That was both sweet and humorous to me!
 I really like that. What a fun fact to end on. Thanks for chatting and teaching me new and interesting things.
 Wow! I would have gone for sure.
 He is really talented. I had no idea until I saw his biopic on HBO. So good.
 Probably not, he's dead. He did not voice thomas the tank either.
 Thomas going blue! Have you ever seen pokemon?
 I did! Nice chatting with you!
 I am not Catholic but I have respect for him. I think he's trying to change a lot of things.
 hahaha I saw! Do you think that's his real name?
 LOL You must watch a lot of FOX News.
 There needs to be new blood in the presidency.
 I thought he was the 45th. also i read that The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana i thought it was pretty funny
 Do you keep up with any celebrities? 
 Not really, most of them are complete idiots.  I do remember the SNL Celebrity Jeopardy skit.  The Burt Reynolds character was hilarious.
 Yeah, that's true. I don't think ive seen that one, but I have watched a few episodes of SNL.
 Yeah, I remember him in Captin Ron and a few other movies!
 That's interesting. Have you seen the new Aladdin trailer? Robin williams was one of the first actors in the first Aladdin to start the trend of celebrities voice performers.
 I can't even imagine making that kind of money for such little amount of time. Lebron James is supposedly right after her in terms of money being made
 He's not my favorite.  Carol Burnett on the other hand was cool -- she was the 1st celebrity to make an appearance on Sesame Street.
 That is pretty cool and monumental. Do you like to watch tv?
 Yeah, apparently he is in or mentioned in all episodes but one.
 Yeah, but Pokemon was a staple of a lot of childhoods. I believe it was supposed to have ended some time ago.
 That's a lot of power inside such a tiny thing. It's is scary how powerful basic technology can be. I wonder about the things we've never been told about.
 That's pretty interesting. Unicef will donate a day of clean water in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. I wonder how you do that..
 That's nice of Unicef. Thanks for the chat.
 I've heard that religion and politics are some of the most uncomfortable things one can discuss with others. With that in mind, I'm all in on the Bull Moose party. Yourself?
 It was more "liberal" in some ways yeah. I'm a bit of a weirdo in that I'm a Mormon but a fairly liberal Democrat.
 It's funny what we gut hung up on, Harry Truman refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride at disneyland because the elephant is a Republican mascot. (Maybe there should have been an Eeyore ride.)
 I feel like our president's need to branch out. The President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. Does Trump have a funk album in him? Maybe?
 Yeah that was funny, I saw that too.
 yeah, or like indonesia where the president has released 3 pop albums
 yeah.  And tipping your hat goes back to knights raising their visor to show friendliness.
 I'm sure most don't unless they went to culinary school
 Some!  How about you? 
 He's an incredibly positive(and hilarious)person and wants to project that into anything he works in. That's really beautiful. 
 Wow, thats amazing, traveling around the world like that, all the places he must have seen
 I love that show. It was good talking. Have a good day. 
 It's really beautiful. You can see volcano's and glaciers in the same country!
 I'm more of a horse-n-buggy type of person myself, but I can appreciate a good Cadillac. You?
 I think that would help if you wanted to get a job at Burger King!  Flame broil those burgers right in the drive thru window... The drive thru was invented by McDonalds though, to accommodate enlisted folks.
 Who wouldn't?  You know, the car brand Cadillac was named after the dude who founded Detroit?
 And he like McDonalds french fries... It all comes together!  Almost like a horror film... And if you watch a horro film, it can help your body burn about 180 calories, or about two french fries...
 Sure! And you can go watch modern art, which horror films are said to help with the viewing experience.  
 I avoid horror films if I can. I, like Stephen King, was horrified by the movie Bambi. I don't need to see more of that... You?
 I do enjoy music played on a waterphone, which the instrument of choice for making creepy sounds in horror films.
 Another horror film... They made over 750 episodes of that stuff!  It.'s everywhere... And it's coming after you!
 No. I have watched the UK version of That 70s Show, and that made me want to go...
 Same here. I leave you with this question: Who was the best narrator on the show Thomas the Tank Engine?
 Ringo! Well, nice chatting, have a good day!
 Would love to see it with my GF at an old drive thru. Nowadays all we get to drive thru is Micky Dees and such.
 Yeah. I love cars. Had a brand new Caddie as my first car. Went to see a French flick in it...which was highly appropriate...since the car was named after a French dude.
 Well the kids today play a lot of video games. Perhaps one day you will end up like Jann Mardenborough.
 Ha. That sounds like fun. Would make a great reality TV show. Certainly better than watching reruns of Pokemon.
 I prefer they see that than the Simpsons I guess. Bart says a lot non family friendly things
 Next up is South Park. Better to jump in your car and explore the world like Antoine de la Cadillac.
 Definitely. Anyway, I got to motor now. Nice chatting with you.
 I'm like you.  Comedies are my favorite.  Did you ever watch "That 70s Show"?
 I actually watched "Days Like These" on youtube.  It's just like "That's 70s Show"  Same character names, personalities, the way they dress.  It's worth watching.
 I've never been a fan of Pokemon but surprisingly there are 750 episodes of that.  Amazing.
 Are you a Simpsons fan?
 I didn't know that!  I always seem to remember him working at the Nuke plant.  There is only 1 episode where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned.
 I know.  When South Park aired its Family Guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the Simpson crew.  lol
 I don't think I saw it.  Switching topics....Did you know it is legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flame thrower to prevent carjackings?  
 Yes!  You are correct.  I'm sending you a high five through the chat.  lol  Did you know that McDonalds didn't have drive-thrus for cars until 1975 so soldiers could get their foot and not have to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?
 I have to get going now.  It's been nice chatting with you!  Have a good day.
 I love music!  I once did a radio show and even wrote for music magazines!  I like pretty much every style.
 Wow!  Now that you mention it.  I do remember that album being huge to the point that thye played over 300 plus shows to support it.  The Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums in 2014.  Almost 40 years after it was released!
 I do remember them.  Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum without any airplay or major tour.  I believe that came out either right at the tail end of my high school years or just after.
 I remember them too!   They re-recorded all their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old label.  A lot of the hair bands did the same thing so they could make some money off their music.
 When they re-record the songs they become a different recording with different master tapes.
 Not as much as I used to.  Did you know there is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned?
 Yes.  That has to be one of the longest running shows of all time.  I think we're coming up on the 30 year anniversary.  Before it debuted in the fall of 89 they were on the Tracy Ulman show.  Not sure if you remember that or not.  Did you watch that 70's show at all?
 Did you know there was a UK version of it called "Days Like These"?  You can find it on youtube.  It's kind of funny.  They use the same names and the characters even resemble the characters from that 70s show.  It's worth checking out.
 I did watch it when my kids were little. lol
 I do remember that now that you mention it!  It was nice chatting with you today!
 I agree with you!  I grew up in the 70s and 80s and some of those albums, cassettes, and cds are like listening to a chapter of my life when I listen to them now.  2 identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.  Good for them!
 Haha good for them indeed! I grew up in the 90's but I actually still buy vinyl's when an album is awesome and I'm going back to get some classics. I recently got Nirvana's "Nevermind" and Bush's "Sixteen Stone"
 Nice!  Those were huge!  I just recently started listening to L7 again.  lol   Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.  That was a good one.
 Yes!  I remember everyone passing around their homemade recorded cassettes to check them out. lol
 I do like him.  His stuff is catchy.  Do you remember Reel Big Fish?  They re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label.
 I do like them and especially Dark Side of the Moon.
 I watched a lot then.  I loved the Simpsons.  There is only one episode where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned.
 I remember when the Simpson's were on the Tracy Ullman show and then I remember when they premiered the first episode.  I was in college and we were getting ready to leave for winter break and a few of us were gathered around a small tv with rabbit ears watching it.  lol  Did you ever watch Pokemon?  I only did because of my kids.
 I was surprised to see that there are now over 750 episodes of Pokemon!  Have a great night!
 I love music. I still have my Vinyl LPs
 I agree but I love Linkin park's "hybrid theory"
 I also loved Nwa's straight outta compton. I still have the tape. 
 I also loved the dark side of the moon. I listen to it all the time after all these years.
 I have and used to like the show, I watched it when it got premiered like 16 years ago, Pikachu is still the best
 My son love it. I did not catch that one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
 I never saw that and it seems like a good show. I did like the original 70's show
 no not really.he is the drama teacher that taught kelly from the office
 I do have a subscription. I have the streaming option. I think it's getting better and better. Netflix has spent $8 billion on programming this year, with 700 original series.
 Yeah, it is available most countries around the world too.
 Yeah I remember there weren't very many options at first and I ran out of things to watch, or things that I wanted to watch at least. Now that rarely happens to me,and I binge watch. From9 pm to 12 Am, Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America. I'm guilty!
 I don't think I've seen Simpsons on Netflix. That is one of my favorites.
 I'm going to go watch some Simpsons now. Catch you later.
 I had no clue. However, I do know they had a hit in Hybrid theory that year so strike when the iron is hot!
 I had a clue! There's something shady going on over there!
 I think so. I must admit I am not an alien conspiracy guy though. I just typed it for laughs...
 Ditto. Have a great day!
 I do like SNL. I like cartoons shows too. Did you know there was only one Simpsons episode where Bart was not mentioned or featured?
 Speaking of Family Guy, I wonder if Peter has had more jobs than Homer.. especially if you count on those one off "flashback" jobs he's had... hehe.
 Radio dramas are actually pretty cool, they let your imagination really shine through!
 Hey you too!  Have a great evening!
 Hi! Yes I do. Did you know that TV is sometimes called tele or telly?
 I have a friend in England that calls is telly! I don't know where else.
 I wonder that too! That's a lot! I know that Netflix has 700 original series!
 How do I apply for that job?!
 I know!! I can't believe it's been around as long as it has, since 1997!
 I know me too, now you don't have to leave your house! Have you ever seen shark tank? Most deals on the show are never actually enacted.
 I know, I was surprised as well! I hope they find their way to success!
 That is amazing. It was nice chatting with you
 I love watching South Park on my new tv and the Simpsons
 I love the crime drama genre on Netflix...plenty of choices there
 Happy Holidays; All the best to you!
 I'll be watching netflix tonight. Netflix takes up 33% of the bandwidth in north america.
 homer cracks me up. I love watching him on the television, or as some call it the tele or telly.
 Not much, but I heard that all three of them have narrated at least 52 episodes each. That is a lot of episodes.
 I enjoy watching dramas for their fictional performances.
 No, how cool! I like listening to radio dramas online. It is a good way to pass the time.
 I loved her on that show! Jon hamm has some quality work also.
 I haven't. That is good for a rainy day. Hopefully Michael caine makes a cameo. He got into acting because the prettiest girls were in drama in school.
 I did not. I am not that talented! Nice meeting you!
 I enjoy watching dramas on TV. I think Patrick Stewart is a great actor and I would love to attend one of his master classes.
 Not sure maybe it will be on Netflix someday. Netflix has almost 150 movies available with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 So long ago I don't even remember. I would want to work for Netflix. It would be so awesome to be paid to watch Netflix.
 I haven't been to many concerts but visiting one of those amphitheaters would be really amazing.
 I'd heard something like. Something about being frustrated by late fees. Serves Blockbuster right!
 I always thought Bart was annoying. I wanted to see more about Lisa. She's great! I prefer South Park overall though.
 That's why Netflix is great! Less advertising = more time watching what I want. I wish I had bought Netflix stock.The company is worth billions!
 I guess Blockbuster is down to its last store now. Netflix should buy it as a trophy.
 I like thrillers and dramas. GoT is my go-to for fun. I've watched every episode like 5 times.
 I never watched The Office, so I'm not sure who that is.  I do think some of the actor histories are amusing, though. 
 There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
 Any time
 Isn't that funny! He probably could have bought a lot of copies of Apollo 13 for that $40 fee.
 Yup. Netflix is worth $2 billion now so he can afford a few more late fees nowadays
 Isn't she Erin from the show The Office? Such a funny show!
 Yes, that's her. Hugh Laurie is actually the highest paid actor ever for a drama show. $700,000 per episode. Damn!
 That is so much money!  Lucky him! Nice chatting with you
 Oh yeah. Jon must have been a good teacher since she landed a solid role in The Office.
 I don't miss them either, except for the superbowl ones, but even those are not as good as it use to be.
 I have never watched the suvivor is that only on regular tv?
 What do you think of Roseanne without Roseanne?
 That's just bananas!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, friend.
 Yea he used to be in pretty tight with the president it seems
 Yea he just didnt seem to wanna play well with others.
 Nope not a clue/
 Wow thats crazy. The white house still uses foppy disks for storing files. How far behind are they?
 Whatttt! Wow that would make me mad as hell. Apparenly the whiye house had solar panels at one time that were taken off and Bush ordered them replaced.
 Yea that crazy too. Did you know back in 2011 it took the white house 4 days to realize it had been struck by bullets.
 have a good day and bye
 Sometimes, but I will admit that I won't likely be a modern day King Kalakaua of Hawaii who was the first king to travel around the world!
 I believe it was the Model T, from 1908
 Better yet, Burger King the home of the flame-broil!
 Heh.     Kind of different than radio waves and electrical conductors!
 Wow.  Great chat, but I need to run.
 I've been there once, it was a few years back and it's quite odd not to hear and see cars moving about.  It's awfully quaint.
 It was good talking to you!
 That is the guy that became a professional driver after beating 90 000 people in gran turismo
 Right, I would definitely go there for a visit.
 It was great chatting. 
 I currently live in Prague in the Czech Republic, I am originally from Ohio. Yea I read they did that because soldiers couldn't leave there vehicle!
 They sure feel like they are at times! but no, I did hear the Dutch are working on that though!
 Its been fun, have a great day!
 Hi, how are you?
 HA! Nice chatting with you.
 In case they need to engage in road rage? Wow
 It's football season and the fans are going wild! Much different than in the 1960s when bowling was more popular than football!
 Probably before the very first Superbowl. Of couse I am referring to American Football. Football in other regional areas of the world vary in popularity by culture.Soccer, rugby, etc.
 Nice. That would drive me crazy! But not crazed enough to continue playing high school football as your science building burned down behind me. Unless it was really cold outside...
 And I love all the statistics. They records anything worth remembering (and many not worth remembering too). Like the factoid that the highest scoring game was 222-0. I guess one team forgot to show up.
 Definitely! Deflate-gate was an example, where the Patriots quarterback intentionally let air out of the ball to improve his performance, but he did not get a lot of applause for that move!
 I saw in the newspaper about how a kid won a science fair showing how the Patriots cheated!
 Pretty cool. And Tom Brady still earns an astronomical salary for his performance. I wonder if he earns more per game than Hugh Laurie did when he was star of the TV series "House". The actor earned $700k per episode!
 Hard to perform football at that level at his age. Not like acting, where actors can perform forever. That is unless  they develop some strange aversion to roles, like Jim Carrey, who swore off doing drama because he wanted to stay "positive" 
 Nice. If I had to choose between football and acting, I would choose acting. Probably for the same reason that Michael Caine became an actor-- the prettiest girls. If I have to  practice every day, I would rather be looking into pretty faces than blacked out teeth.
 Acting can be exciting, when you execute flawlessly and the crowd cheers!  I guess that is why drama comes from the Greek word meaning action. Just hearing the word, action, makes my heart race.
 Yeah. The combination of comedy and tragedy, represented by the two masks associated with drama, keep things interesting for the viewer and the audience!
 Yeah house was so good. I think the actor Hugh Laurie deserves being the highest paid actor in TV drama.
 I think that was a good thing because he is so much better at comedies. I think it's cool he only wanted the movies that project positivity.
 I do like the comment that he made about it just being about playing at camp. A team that finds fun in the game will probably play fairly well.
 Yes, for sure. It's been great talking to you. Have a good day!
 The jokes probably don't translate culturally. Unlike Pokemon which has really stood the test of time. It has been on the air for years and years. 
 I always like comedies on tv. I remember the first time I watched 3rd rock from the sun. That show was always hilarious. 
 Now that would be fun!  I could see everyone on the interstates with flame throwers!
 Hello,  how are you doing today?
 It's a great show
 Yep, he did find Detroit also. It was good chatting with you!
 I bet they don't. Take care!
 Yeah, different kind of humor. Nice chatting with you
 Hi Im good How about you?
 Thats really neat too. Did you know that Google claims to be a dog company. Thats wild.
 No I didnt. I wonder how they determine that?
 Thats amazing. What kind of tv do you like?
 I do watch alot but my dvr is my saviour. 
 Yes and out of all the episodes of the simpsons there is only 1 that Bart is not in or even mentioned.
 Yes I agree. And I cant believe how many episodes of pokemon there are. Its over 750. Wow
 It was good talking to you!
 Hey
 hello
 i did not knno that nintendo was over 100 years old
 I didn't either.  I assumed they started in the 1980's
 I was a bit later, my NES games came around maybe 1985
 It really would.  They are insanely convenient and at an event would be the best place to actually be able to use them.  I agree 100%
 The old school telephone brings me back
 It really does.  I haven't had a landline in almost 20 years.  Our last home phone was a standing Mickey Mouse.  I don't even know what happened to it.   I'm tempted to get a home phone just to be different.
 that is nice thatUnicef will donate a day of clean water for kids
 They should donate more than that.   At least a week, but I agree, Unicef does good work and I was happy to hear about that initiative of theirs,
 Yes and I would give up my phone for a day to help the cause
 I'm not sure I could.  I actually need it for work.  Maybe on a weekend.   I'd rather donate.  If I had to give up my phone for a day, I would probably go into convulsions.
 I would out without it for a day and play nentendo
 I guess, I probably would too.   I would probably break out my old copy of Zelda.  Or I guess I could go to an Esports event.  At least they have better security now.
 yes the was so bad that happened 
 Well, happy holidays and happy turking.  Good luck!
 I thought this was 10 turns, why isn't it clearing?
 I still own the 1985 one and it works . My favorite game is Super Mario Bros
 That's awesome! I even remember the handheld console they released for Pokemon back in 2001. Those were so fun to have and play!
 That is so cool! I am surprised to learn that the Nintendo company was founded on 1889
 Agreed. Games are what they do best! They even own the Seattle Mariners and they have a 3DS app thay lets fans in attendance order food directly to their seat! That is so cool!
 I am in love with Nintendo, they also give a good example in saving!
 So true! They even released the first racing game that ran at 60 frames per second which was F-Zero X. They have always been an innovative company!
 Did you know they have a cash reserve where they can looe 250 millioper year and  they would subsist until 2052
 They would innovate.. I did not know the existance of a teleplay modem!
 I remember using a dial phone. There is a phone company that hired the London Symphonic Orchestra to record its ring tones
 I wonder Why, did you know an actress contributed to invet the cell phone, gps and Wifi?
 I did not know that but we owe her a lot of gratitude then. Ha! I like Wi-Fi and internet because I can keep up with sports and athletes easier. Speaking of which, are you an NFL fan by chance? I love it even if there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the average NFL game. Ha!
 I do love NFL I heard that there is a rocket scientist coaching in the NFL
 I love Nintendo to. It was my very first gaming system when I was little.
 OMG!! "On like Donkey Kong!"  We say that all the time. Not necessarily with Pokemon Go.  Amazing how far this company has come.  Didn't realize it had been around since 1889.
 I'm reminded of that phrase it reminds me of the old times when I used to say "see you later alligator". Wow, since 1889, that's a long time, even when they didn't have internet access like we did now, they still let players play online through the use of teleplay modem. I'm so glad we live in a tech savvy world.
 Ha!  Modems.  Kids now days have no idea what that screeching connecting sound is.  Not sure if they know what a landline is. 
 I would go as far as to say they probably even know that you don't scroll pages on books or know how to flip books, I saw that once at an airport. If my kids grow up to be rocket scientist, I'd be super proud and if they decided they wanted a career change like Matt Patricia to coach the NFL, I'd be doubly proud too!
 Wow, didn't realize there was so much technology involved.  I'd be interested in knowing some of those stats.  One stat I do know... the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!  Guess they need the time to put in all of those commercials. :-)
 Oh my!  I don't play.  More of an observer.  I've read that it's so popular that there are tournaments that fill up sports stadiums.  Imagine playing on a Jumbotron!
 I'm surprised by that statement for two reasons, the fact that 212 is New York's area code because of that and number two because I actually know what a rotary phone is, I'm old!
 Hi there! How are you today? I'm good, just hanging out watching a little TV
 No, I did not know that but I'm not really surprised. I do find football to be very fun.
 Yes. I find it especially funny that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment exec didn't think he has that presidential look. So funny!
 I can't believe he's dead now :( But his legacy started the trend of celebrities voicing characters in animated films.
 Yes he is okay. I don't see the resentment. But he is definitely a good storyteller and thus a good entertainer.
 Yes it is quite fascinating to learn about the origins of it. It is so versatile too as it can be private entertainment or be adapted to any type of large party.
 Yes it definitely does. I wonder what presidents do for entertainment? They definitely have enough money especially the three wealthiest presents who were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Well was great talking with you today I really enjoyed it.
 See ya later and have a good one!
 Did you know it used to be the runner up in the election would become vice-president?  Trump/Hillary woo hoo
 hahahhahahahha.  Yes I bet Trump hates the fact that the president's guest house is larger than the White House!
 I have no idea.  Some celebrities do good work - like Ethiopia's celebrity chef who is trying to help his country's hunger problems.
 That a good question! Since we're on the subject of celebs, on a more positive note, John Cena holds the record for the Make a Wish Foundation's wishes granted by a celeb with over 400!
 Are you into Football? I heard a highschool kid who is only 5'7 has a crazy rushing game.
 He seems quite modest about his athletic success.
 Yeah he is going places!  his teammate said he's 160 pounds, but he's going to try to run you over lol
 His teammates realize that he is a special guy.
 yeah His coach has went on record saying HE HAS to get the ball 30 - 40 times a game atleast. seems like they are using him as the work horse of the team
 Yeah but for what i read he does not seem to be really upset about it so that is good
 Marshall is said to be the best football player that came out of his school.
 Wow thats amazing I wonder if that was the highest scoring game ever?
 I believe it was, happned in 1916 against Cumberland
 Thats a lot of points for sure.
 Yes I love it one of them is the Starship troopers lol
 i don't watch that much. maybe I would watch more if they shot free throws granny style. It's the best technique to consistently score points on the line.
 I love that shot!  Did you ever own a pair of Air Jordan's?  They were banned by the NBA but Jordan wore them anyways because Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
 Wow!  That is one sweet deal. He is set for life.  Tim Duncan of the Spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the NBA.
 I like that, that he had that discipline, and a backup plan!
 Yeah, I really liked watching Pokemon when I was younger.
 I saw it when my kids were watching it.  I can't believe there is over 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 Yeah, that is a lot. I don't think I'll ever catch up. I like the Simpsons a lot too. I have watched it since childhood.
 Me too.  
 Yes, but I try not to use it too much. BK had a promo where if you unfriend ten people you get a Whopper. They need to bring that back, haha.
 I would have taken them up on that for sure!  As of Jan. 2018 there are 2.2 billion active users on facebook. That's insane.
 I was hesitant to switch over from MySpace to FB. It's funny because they declined an offer to buy FB.
 Big mistake on Facebooks part.  Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green color blindness.  It's been fun chatting!
 Yeah, I thought FB was boring because of the colors, now I know why. Nice chatting with you!
 His teammates and coach seem to really respect him and are impressed with his rare talent from what I have heard and read.
 They say he is very quick and is rarely taken down by a single other player.  You can't teach that, it is a skill that only some people have.  There are some players in college ball and the NFL that are also talented in that way and have been highly successful.  I think he would be if given the chance.
 Me too! I'm off to find a soccer game to watch. Have a wonderful day!
 Well to be fair they get a full ride scholarship which includes stipends for housing and food. In addition they get access to some of the best athletic facilities in the world and they get free clothes, shoes, jackets, backpacks, etc. They also get special treatment, free tutors, etc in their classes. 
 Exactly. Visiting low SES areas in big cities is so depressing I can't believe that some people live like they do. It is truly a shame. But I think there is hope for the future. Best of luck to you and it was great chatting with you!
 For sure. Interesting facts about Jeff, with the clock on the mountain. That is quite something.
 He has built an empire he is the steve jobs of online shopping, do you know in which year he started amazon?
 It definitely has think about it the mturk platform is thanks to the genius of that kid that was born so many years ago in new mexico.
 South park an episode about this exact thing lol nobody takes the time to read all that who knows how much damage we have already done by pressing I agree
 Yeah seriously. I bet her child will be fit as well. She also won the Australian Open when she was ranked 95th in the world. Never count her out!
 Hi! Are you a football fan? I like the NFL because it's the highest professional level of American Football in the world!
 Yeah I love tennis-used to play. I actually met Serena Williams once-she signed a tennis ball for me. Can't believe she's won 23 grand slams.
 Yes, I had a great chat!
 And we were able to do this all thanks to the internet. carrying all that data through those little cables!
 True. Have a good night!
 You too!
 Sayonara!
 I figured because I get their packages on Sunday.  The first customer on Amazon.com had a building named after him.  He spent $27.95
 Hi. Do you like football? I like the traditional gridiron game although there are several variations.
 Yeah me too. He also granted 200 wishes for make-a-wish, good guy overall!
 It's a a really interesting type of football. It looks like regular soccer, but the players pick the ball up like American Football. It's really amazing to watch, you should see it sometime.
 I agree with you, there are probably really strong people out there that could tear them apart!
 Well, I do not think that that is very believable. Anyways, thanks for that chat!
 Well...it was a prank she'd played on us all. She really had called Justin Bieber up on the phone, but it was just an ordinary guy with the same name as the star Bieber. ty too., cya
 Nice chatting with you too!
 Nice.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president!  That wouldn't work now that's for sure.
 No way. lol  The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.  Wonder why?
 I didn't hear about him.  What's his story?
 Nice!  lol The top three wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  Do you know much about congress?
 I know right?  In 1916 the first woman was elected to congress before she even had the right to vote in a national election.  I had no idea women couldn't vote then.
 lol  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on rotary phone!
 yes they are.  They have more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent!  I have to run.  Hope you have a great day!
 Hi, how are you?
 I am doing well! How are you?
 Or one's will to not use their phone for a few minutes so that Unicef can donate a day of clean water to a child in need.
 The Unicef thing was actually really neat. Clean water for not using a cell phone sounds like a good exchange!
 I am probably overthinking this. That would be the first time I would be accused of that!
 HA! Nice chatting with you!
 Amazing. The final lump sum of 32 million is gonna be nice.
 I'm good and yes I'm a big fan.
 It was crazy.  Golden State was the biggest winner by getting Kevin Durant.
 lol you and me both!  ...and yes on Noah.  Crazy at the money they make.  Wish I was tall enough to play.  
 No doubt!  That is one heck of a run they are on.  Wonder if they can take it all again this year?
 Yeah...I think they are just riding it out until the playoffs.  Celtics are kind of in a funk right now.  Never know what you're going to get from them night in and night out.
 Sadly my favorite team is the Cavs because that's where I'm from.  They really stink.  LOL
 Yes.  I can't believe how bad they've been until this past season.  At least now we have hope for them.  Did you know that Space Jam is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time?
 Yes!  Here's an interesting stat: Shaq only scored one 3 pointer in his entire career.  He didn't need to try though.  lol
 I didn't know that.  Both volleyball and basketball were invented at the YMCA.
 I had a good time talking ball!  Before I go though did you know that vasectomy rates increase during March Madness so that men can stay at home and watch basketball? LOLOLLOL
 lol  Thanks for the chat!  Have a good one!
 I used to, now I rarely watch. I still like to play though ;)
 Yeah, and the front seats on major games cost so much that only celebrities can afford. I remember I always liked to watch cheerleaders
 Maybe it was making him taller ? lol, I really don't know;)
 I guess from TV broadcasting and commercials... gadgets selling online, I'm not even sure ;) 
 My pleasure, it was always a big part of my childhood. Matches with friends, movies, games on tv, even computer games :)
 Great, thanks.
 I know it is a family things I guess. It was nice chatting with you.
 I don't really either, apparently this is a big deal though. The last thing TV viewers want to see is James Harden sitting on the bench at the end of an NBA playoff blowout. 
 It was such a great episode. The creators of The Simpson's sent them flowers after it aired.
 huh. Physicists proved that shooting "granny style" is the absolute best technique to consistently score points on the line, but nba players refuse to do it because it looks stupid.
 That's really great. I love the fact that Air Jordan's were banned but Micheal Jordan wore them anyway.
 Same here have a great day.
 True.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 Good morning. Not really though I do watch the sport when I have the time. Maybe I would make it a priority to watch more if players shot in the granny style. That would be funny! That's the best techniue to consistently score points on the line.
 That's probably because coaches work harder than state employees.
 Yeah I used to watch it when I was little. It is an anime type cartoon. I also used to watch Thomas the Tank when I was little.
 I watched it in the 80s and it's still going strong I think. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have all narrated for at least 52 episodes each. Speaking of which, my son is begging me to watch some TV right now. Maybe I'll turn that on for him. See you!
 Same here, have a great one
 Oh really? How come? Does it have to do with all the blowout games recently?
 That is crazy, I wonder if any players used the granny style? It's a highly effective method apparently. 
 Yeah I guess it kind of does look silly. 
 I believe so too, I mean it's just shoes? Jordan didn't care because he wore them anyways and Nike paid for the fines. 
 I believe it. I wonder if it's more than what Reebok is paying Allen Iverson?
 He's getting paid 800,000 a year until 55 since 2001, I wonder how old he is now.
 Nope, Tim Duncan didn't care for the money though, he stayed in college for four years instead of going straight into the nba. 
 Absolutely, for Reggie Miller it was was about getting out of his older sister's shadow. 
 Yeah I know! Poor Reggie though tried bragging about his career high of 40 points but Cheryl scored 105 and broke 8 records.
 Yeah, definitely a good thing. Well It was nice talking to you, I've got to fix breakfast now, bye!
 hello
 Doesnt everybody.
 Yeah I watched it all the time when I was a kid.
 Thats awesome. Those old rascals.
 I wouldnt have. I liked homer. Lol.
 I have seen exactly zero of them. 
 Thats a lot of episodes. The younger generations seem to watch it a lot.
 Yeah but back then they had never seen anything like it.
 Thats so true. They make a lot of money with those ads and commercials.
 I would guess it to be in the trillions 
 My son likes thomas the train.
 Really?  I didn't know that, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 I do! I love March Madness. Are you excited for it?
 That's not that old. I thought like the 1910s. Who is your favorite NCAA team?
 I like Michigan, but I think it was cool that Northwestern was in the tournament a couple years back lol
 This is embarrassing but I like the Knicks! It's less embarrassing now than in previous years, but still... 
 HA! Were you one of those fools tempted by the Phil Jackson hiring? 
 I know a little. he has a twin and plays for the Celtics, I think. Well one of them does.
 they are both like 6th men. Not great but good role players. That's more than I make in like 5 years!
 Yeah I know, right? And that's interesting. Yeah he seems like a great role model for the kids, I can only imagine what he's like for his teammates. They have their own foundation, the Family Over Everything Foundation. Good for them!
 It sounds like they are trying to do more than basketball. Admirable... Nice chatting with you!
 Interesting. Speaking of college, I think it is cool that Tim Duncan of the spurs stayed in college for four years instead of going right to the NBA
 well what about for free throws? I would laugh so hard to see people doing that
 Telephone is a device which is connect the two persons to conduct a conversation when they are far.
 Technology make us to communicate easily and covey the message in any part of the world.
 Sure ! The cable carrying phone and internet data, Mostly cable internet is very fast.
 The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums in office.
 Yes, The US president guest house is larger than the white house.
 Its very interesting. The role of president is more important in the function head of the government.
 Steve smith leaves his cleats in the field after every game to raise awarness to homeless people without shoes.
 The design of shoes has varied from culture to culture.
 Sandals may consist of only a thin sole and simple strap may be sold at low cost.
 Rotary phone was awesome. But i don't use the rotary phone.
 Yeah that is true.  Nice chat
 It certainly has come a long way from it's prehistoric roots where some sort of ball game seemed to take place in many different parts of the world.
 It's definitely pretty deep.  I did find the winner pretty funny -- Loose Cannon: Excrement: Gross domestic product.
 Oh, that is funny! I get it now! It's a little too much thinking for me.
 Thanks for the chat!  Have a great day.
 I am sure there were plenty of responses and posts on Facebook. I mean facebook has become a social media and social networking platform whose company was valued at $104 billion at its IPO. I bet myspace regrets refusing to buy facbook for $75 million. Oh wait they no longer exist
 Well there are cases, I'm not sure if in the us, where very rich seniors pass on their entire inheritance to their pets. I'm sure those pets have lawyers lol
 I always thought that my rubber tires could go 40,000 miles, so why can't sneakers when they are just as expensive as my tire.  On an interesting note, Steve Smith of the NFL leaves his cleats on the field after every game to bring awareness to homeless people without shoes.
 Haha, no doubt!  I need to move to Hawaii and not worry about it.  The official business attire there is the aloha shirt.  That would be great!
 I do not think I have used one I can barely remember if I had!  That is fun fact!  It was a pleasure speaking to you!
 Yes, I do. Do you?
 Yes, he is very talented to be able to act in the Nutcracker too.
 Yes, we all have a beat we want to follow. It makes them smile too.
 I know listening to music still makes me smile inside.
 He was.  He also though was a great dancer too and won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 Nice, it makes sense, though.  Martial arts and dancing require some of the same skills sets.
 I never thought about it until now.  But, yes you're right they do.
 That's true!  Tupac played the mouse king in the Nutcracker when he was in high school.  Do you like a lot of tv shows from the 90's?
 I love the Simpson ever since they came out in 1989 ... and before that when they were on the Tracy Ullman show.  When South Park aired it's Family Guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew.
 I never did see that one!  Do you know who the 3 narrators were of Thomas the Tank?  All 3 were the voice for at least 52 episodes each.
 The other two were Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin!
 I thought it was funny.  They remade it verbatim in the UK and called it "Days like These".  It was cancelled after 10 episodes.  It's been funny chatting!
 Guess, it didn't translate well " across the pond"  People seemed to like it pretty good in the US.  It made Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis big stars! It's been nice chatting with you, as well.  Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 lol yes! Have a good day too!
 I think so too. Nice chat, have a good one
 I did not. That's surprising with as long as they've been on. After that South Park episode aired The Simpsons crew sent the South Park crew flowers ha ha. 
 I wonder how long too. Nice chatting with you
 I love soccer. It is the biggest money maker of football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey.
 I assume there is written material on it. Reading is a great option for decoding symbols to gain meaning.
 I enjoy reading so much I have to speed read to get it all done. The world record is 4,700 words per minute. I'm not nearly that fast!
 I would like to learn how to read braille. What an amazing option for those that can't see.
 Nice meeting you! Bye!
 Bye!
 I think the teams were definitely lopsided haha. Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland, it would have been really annoying to be a Cumberland fan that day LOL
 I am a big fan, my favorite sport, the World Cup was a big deal for me, too bad the US didnt make it
 Yes, Mesut Ozil. Very generous to donate his entire 300,000 euro bonus.
 Yea, I've heard of a few teams that try to mess with the visiting team through the locker room. I'm a fan of the NFL as well - one of my favorite teams is the Patriots. They used to have a running back, Green-Ellis, who has never fumbled in his career!
 Some cases it'd probably be like having two cats in a bag! :)
 Speaking of foreign Presidents, the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  dunno if that was his name or a nickname though.  Like, maybe "Head Banana." hehe
 Oh, yeah, I heard about that, tradition going back since 1968.  It would almost be worth being a Senator for!  :)
 You know they say women weren't allowed to wear pants in the Senate floor until 1993?  That would have severely limited Hillary's wardrobe!
 Hey, great talking to you too!
 i want a candy desk!!!
 uh oh!  but it tastes soooo good :p 
 LOL... well, maybe you coud run for president... that would get you in shap... LOL
 No. Was it weird? I feel like he would be a weird dad...
 Yeah. One of the perks of being a super model's husband.
 Yeah. That was the year they had Randy Moss. He is the cheat code.
 I love Kurt Warner's story. Such a good guy. I wonder if they have a pink locker room.
 I think so. Wasn't War of the Worlds one of these? I guess people were throwing themselves out of buildings or something when it was on the radio haha. But there is a website online where you can listen to this stuff for free
 No I don't like his movies anymore. And he said he'll never do a drama again. 
 Me too! I loved that show. I aspired to his level of snarkiness.
 WOW! I would do 2-3 episodes and then retire to a nice coastal town and eat lobster rolls all day!
 I do not. Nice chatting with you!
 Wow I did not know that.  It was good talking to you. Take care!
 Interesting. Thanks for the chat. I'll catch you later.
 Yes. Cadillac was built in the US only originally.    Could you tell me interesting facts  related to other topics?
 It's wonderful that you adopted a rescue. Dogs do so much for people that it's nice to give back!
 I agree with you.  I just read that dogs have 12 different blood types.
 They can.  They donate blood at dog blood drives.
 That's amazing. I've never seen one, but I can only imagine a waiting room full of fluff balls waiting to donate for their fellow dogs.
 Anyway, I've got to run.  Thank you for responding fast.  Nice chatting with you.
 I love them.  I have two of them.  Did you know that dogs are not color blind but cannot see as many different colors as humans?
 Wow.  I never knew that.  That's a lot more than humans.  I didn't even know they had those blood drives.  Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.
 lol Google prefers dogs to cats.  Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company.  That's unique.
 That's awesome!  I bet she loves her job and so neat she can take her dog with her.  My dogs would love that.  They are super playful, love other people, and would really love playing with other dogs.  Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.  That's pretty neat.  Too bad something like that isn't in the states.
 Do you watch television a lot?  My kids watched pokemon a lot when they were growing up.  There's over 750 episodes of that show!
 You'll have to look on youtube.  They remade the show in the UK and it was called "Days like These".  It was cancelled after 10 episodes.  It's funny because the characters have the same names and act the same.  Even the intro scene in the car is the same.
 Yes.  I enjoyed watching it.  I found all 10 episodes on there.  Did you know that there was only 1 episode of the Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned?
 Wow! hahahah I didn't know that.  I always thought he worked at the Nuke plant.  Do you remember Thomas the Tank.  I can't remember who narrated him.  Do you know?
 That was them!  I was thinking John Ritter but now that I think about it he did that big red dog.  It was nice chatting with you!
 No clue! Nice chatting with you!
 I haven't been there either but would love to go someday!  The term "White House" is often used as a metonym for the president and his advisers.
 I had no idea.  I wonder why?  Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees for the white house.
 I agree!  I was surprised to find out that the white house was shot at on Nov. 11, 2011 and it took the secret service 4 days to realize it.  Scary!
 I would be curious to see it.  It's called Days like These but it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 I agree lol.  There is only 1 episode of the Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is he mentioned.
 That's funny!  Do you know who the 3 narrarators of the Thomas the Tank engine were?
 Yes!  They all did it for at least 52 episodes each!
 I'll have to look that up.  I also want to look up how to hear the Jupitar radio storms that can be picked up on AM radio.
 Yes!  The called them foxhole radios!  I had a good time!
 Have a good rest of your day. Maybe one day we will see a fox hole radio!
 I kind of agree with those "Washington moralists" thatshe crossed a line with some of her jokes. But I do like the radio as well. Sometimes I like to break out the old AM radio and listen to those Jupiter radio storms. It is amazing!
 They're really just fun to listen to. No particular mood, honestly. I also enjoy visiting this website that has thousands of classic radio dramas for no charge as well!
 Same here. Ha! Did you know the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was nice of them!
 My friends all drive porsches, I must make amends.  I too like cartoons.  It is funny to think that Cartoons and religious programming are about equal.
 Billy seemed to be a moderate in the crowds.  He said, "We are a secular country by our constitution." The man deserves some recognition for these words. 
 It is a controversial topic that gets many people over excited. I like to listen to the radio.  Did you see that Janis Joplin song lyrics were being used?
 Janice wants the lord to buy her a Mercedes Benz. Popular song that pokes fun at some televangelists.  So, the song covers Billy, radio and TV.  
 Yes.  Ringo was very relaxing.  I am not sure I have heard an episode narrated by George Carlin.  They might be good, but I think of him as up, energetic, wild.
 Yes he's the highest paid actor ever for TV drama earning $700,000 per episode. I think he deserves it.
 Yeah me too. He's one of my favorite actors. Ellie Kemper was lucky to have him as a teacher.
 Free is always best. Yeah I do know some of those celebrities. I think I would most like to hear the narration by Alec Baldwin because he is one of my favorite actors.
 True I guess it's not even worth seeing. They should not have remade it verbatim they should've switched up little bit. Well I had fun talking with you today. Hope you have a good one.
 Haha, that's a funny point! And that is apparently equal to fifty episodes a year for 16 years straight! No wonder kids these days are huge Pokemon fans, it's been around their whole life!
 Oh well if you enjoy those radio dramas you would be happy to hear that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of old dramas for free!
 That is exciting! I will have to check it out, I hope they have 'It's A Wonderful Life' and 'Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.' Those are some great radio dramas!
 I didn't but that is very fun!
 I do. I hear they sent flowers to the South Park crew after they aired their Family Guy episode which is hilarious. 
 I don't own one, but I like cars, they are like horses for the modern era. 
 I like some Cadillac's, but will never be able to afford one lol.
 I guess haha. It was good talking to you!
 That would be different.  I've never seen that episode.  When South Park aired its Family Guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew!
 I was a fan and I've heard of that UK show.  It was called "Days Like These" and I haven't seen it either.
 That's an insane amount of shows.  Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank?  Do you know who the 3 narrators were?  They all did it for at least 52 episodes each.
 Nice!  You got them.  I remember George and Ringo, but not Alec.
 I agree!  My kids watched it.  I'm not sure on the helium either.  I do know that people who like to suck it out of balloons and talk high pitched are not going to like it.
 That is sad indeed.  I'm surprised to always hear about water shortages when 71% of the earths surface is covered with water.
 lol No we wouldn't.  If Earths history were viewed in a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.  
 That is neat!  I wonder who it is?  Do you know when the first drive thru was added by McDonalds?
 I always thought like that too!  Just kind of always took them for granted.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Me too!  Wouldn't catch me there.  Thanks!
 hi do you watch tv?
 Hi, how are you?
 Yes! Or something else
 No and I wouldn't want to hear it. Although if it were made, I would listen to it. And if I was running against them, I would use it as my campaign song.
 Yes! At least Hilary isn't the VP, nothing would get done with all their differences!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yea, especially people like Hillary Clinton. Her whole family was into politics. She was lucky to spend some time with Stephen Hawking. 
 I have this new goal to learn some classic Latin, and I found a Finnish radio station that has a weekly news show in that language. I'm going to go listen now. TTYL!
 Thanks, you too! I'm sure I'll go back to a rock or relaxation radio station after that, though! lol cya
 I am indeed! My favorite politician is Hillary Clinton.
 I like her too! She definitely was raised to be a politician, she was even president of Young Republicans in college.
 I find that interesting, but unsurprising. She's so accomplished. I guess she even has a grammy for the spoken word album of her book.
 How interesting. That's how you know you've made it...when you're associated with Stephen Hawking! I was so very excited to find out that she was the Democratic Party's nominee for President in 2016.
 You know, if this were 1805, Clinton would be the vice president! I guess in before the 19th century, the runner up of the election would become the vice president.
 That really does sound interesting! I have a preference for learning over the radio. I like one station a lot, it broadcasts a weekly news program entirely in classical latin!
 Oh yeah that's a strange law, you'd think radio would be more free huh! Well it was nice talking to you, have a nice night!
 Good thing they didn't name the car Mothe, I guess. Haha
 Yay! McDonalds! That ended up working well for me! I prefer drive-thrus! Thank you for the great conversation! :)
 I loved watching that show.  Did you ever watch That 70's Show?
 I didn't know that.  They remade the show in the UK and called it Days Like These.  Have you heard about it?
 Yes.  If you look it up on youtube you can find all 10 episodes on there.  It's really funny because the characters names are the same, they dress the same, and have the same personalities.  They even do the different car scenes in the beginnings but with a different song.  
 Yes.  It's a good show.  You'll like it. I like dramas too. I used to like watching House.
 Great series! Hugh Laurie was so good in that. I like the actor Jon Hamm and he does a lot of good too like teaching drama at his old high school!
 Wow.  Nice. I didn't know that.  Another show I loved.  Also loved Mad Men.  I think it's funny that Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class.
 Wow.  I never knew that.  How interesting!  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.
 I agree.  and I would believe it.  I've known a few people who have gotten into trouble by meeting members of the opposite sex and it destroyed their families.  Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 friends you would get a free whopper.
 Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for 75 million in early 2005.  Big mistake on Myspace's part.  I think eventually people will get sick of Facebook just like they did with Myspace.
 lol yes. I only look at the news stories on there that I know are generated from a source I already know.  If not, I don't even click on the story.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Interesting. I think Stephen King also started out really scraping by as a writer, trying to sell short stories for pretty low amounts, before he hit it big with Carrie.
 That's amazing! I love Bill Murray. One of the best comedians ever.
 Same here, lost the cable about two years back, use both Prime and Netflix and save a bundle every month.  I liked the old Simpsons, not so much the recent ones.
 I used to watch it with my wife, I was not that bothered by it.  I think she really liked the main actor.
 In kind of a cheeky way, yes.  I kind of like the contrariness of getting people to unfriend.
 Yeah, you should watch it, they did a great job and later the crew of the simpsons actually sent them flowers.
 ya, I watched it as a kid, but if I watched 50 episodes a year for 20 years only maybe then would i catch up haha
 Yes, he did not have any intention to be an actor.  But then he became a great actor.
 ya I liked him a lot in Batman Begins! He is a great actor!
 Fires in the streets. Smashed windows. Flipped cars. Light poles toppled by alcohol-fueled crowds. Philadelphia awoke this morning 
 Why do fans care so intensely about their teams? What is going on in their brains after a win or loss? What circumstances make a riot more likely?
 And when American sports fans riot, it is almost always in celebration of a victory rather than a defeat. Why do fans feel so strongly about their teams? "We're social creatures. We have a need to belong," said Daniel Wann, a psych
 And when American sports fans riot, it is almost always in celebration of a victory rather than a defeat. Why do fans feel so strongly about their teams?
 Trying to measure that effect, Hirt conducted a study in the 1990s on college basketball fans
 They think they're anonymous," said Jason Lanter, a psychology professor at Kutztown University who has studied celebratory fan violence for more than a decade.
 "For a certain subset of sports fans, witnessing violent sports is not enough to reduce 'such energy to tolerable levels,' and only personally experienced 'aggressive acts' 
 Football is a family of team sports that involve, to varying degrees, kicking a ball to score a goal. Unqualified
 Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade
 Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 good morning to you
 I like to think the Zimbabwe presidents first name was Top.  I read somewhere that Kim distrusts barbers and cuts his own hair.  I wonder what weight motor oil he uses.
 The Trump/Hillary presidency would be more entertaining than what we have now. That would inconceivable. I think Kim finds himself in a no win and is riding the tiger.  
 It speaks to the popularity of the Indonesian president.  If there was an unpopular president who released an album it would do poorly.  He could even get Kanye West and still flop.  
 Well, thank you for for the discussion. I didn't know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that can be picked up by am radio. I'm old enough to have owned and listened to am radio in the 60's and I thought all the static was just a cheap radio, now I see it extraterrestrial.
 And to think those radio waves are passing through you.  The waves are lovingly caressing your nostrils, wrapping around your fillings.  Have a good day.
 I wonder if a rotary phone would still work if I hooked it up in my home?  That would be fun to try.  
 Sign me up.  I'll take the free Netflix subscription in return for doing the work.
 Yes, I am! I can not believe it was founded in 1997. Doesn't seem that long ago!
 I know!  They now have 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 Yes, and I'm one of them. They did not expand their business until 2007 when they added their media streaming service.
 Ahhh...ok...lol. My fingers typed faster than my mind. I'm surprised to see that Netflix still spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth. I don't know anyone who still subscribes to the DVD rental business part.
 I find the story of how Netflix got started amusing.  Reed Hastings started if after racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13.
 Wouldn't that be funny if the place that fined him that late fee was Blockbuster?  lol
 I be Blockbuster is kicking themselves.  I literally just read that there is just 1 store left in something like Washington state I think.  Netflix now takes up to 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America from 9PM to 12 AM.
 Yeah, I bet they sure are. Hard to believe that Netflix and Youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 I believe it.  I use both heavily!  lol
 Yes.  I agree.  Speaking of founded...I can't believe that since it was started Pokemon now has over 750 episodes!
 Maybe.  Or the voice actor wasn't available for that episode?  I didn't know that there were other people who did the voice for Thomas the Tank.  In addition to George Carlin, Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin did it as well.   In fact, all 3 did the voice for at  least 52 episodes each.
 I can't believe that! And to think of all the Thomas episodes I've seen! Nice chatting with you today!
 It was fun and nice chatting with you too!
 Bye.
 Haha. That's indeed funny. Now that Netflix is changing the way we seek entertainment, I feel pity for the television. 
 People have become addicted to their phones though, to the point that for every minute you don't use your phone, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need
 That's true. Did you know that the code NYC is 212 is chosen in such way because it was the most convenient numbers to dial on the old style phones. 
 That's awesome. I would have loved to do that. 
 Really, that's good. I find I can find what I need on the internet. Although I still have cable, I do like the nature and history stations.
 Yes, and I have listened to so many Thomas shows too! I had no clue. 
 Yes! There are enough to play just about an episode a week for 16 straight years. I have seen many.
 Yes, I was agreeing with you. Such an awesome piece of technology.
 It must work if that's the way it has been set up. Have a good night!
 Yeah, I had one too though I think it was past its time and my parents were just too cheap to upgrade. I loved dialing on it!
 I still enjoy listening to it. I like to break out the old AM radio sometimes to see if I can listen to Jupiter's radio storms. Sometimes they're strong enough to hear from an AM radio.
 True. Either way, the radio is great entertainment. Speaking of entertainment, I remember being entertained by the original Nintendo Entertainment System and the 54 colors it could only display! Ha!
 Never knew that! Anyway, thanks for the chat! Have a good evening!
 yeah would be a good adventure to be in one such car
 It was good chatting with you
 did you know that at most about 63 percent of people end up voting in a USA presidential election?
 haha that's true they seem to be getting along, what is crazy is if we still used the old rule of the runner up becoming the vice president, can you imagine president trump with a vice president hillary clinton?
 I wonder if people make any side notes to those ballots if they're upset with their choices, but since 1900, it has been the taller candidate to win the presidential election at least 75% of the time!
 Yeah, not sure but probably makes the president seem less far reaching and more people friendly.
 I wonder too. nice chatting with you
 Right! Good thing Nevada is the only state that has that on their voting ballots. Well, it's been fun talking to you.
 Oh, no way! That's a wild fact and I did not know that. I follow the politics in America and like to be aware of current events. The migrants have been in the news a lot lately. 
 Oh, well I sure hope so! I think the song would be called MAGA. I know many of the migrants actually thought that Trump lost the election. They only hear from word of mouth.
 I was there about 9 years ago and really loved the visit. I was amazed at the America history and all of the memorials. It is an awesome place and believe everyone should visit at least once.
 Oh, wait. Drop the Pres. part. HA. She is the baby of the family and acts like a princess of somewhere. If we were in Nevada we could vote, none of the above, by the way. Just a fun fact.
 Oh geez! More craziness and I don't know if it worse now or then. I might start voting or checking the box, "none of these". That is a solid choice.
 Yeah, get out the vote was a good way to inspire young voters but more needs to happen. The youth of today will be the leaders of tomorrow.
 It is kind of fun.  Emoji of a space ship and some photo.  Not serious at all.  Twitter is not meant to be serious.
 Yes, like a novel. Did you know that the Russian Foreign Ministry put a april fools joke on the answering machines... Press 3 to request election interference. Thats a good one.
 Thats too bad I was cheering for Hank, probably would have done a better job than most politicians.
 The cat would have been cool!  It is a odd thing how how we pick elected officials.  Apparently the faster blinking person has lost every presidential election since 1980.
 LOL. I wish we could get turnout higher than 62%. But turnout in last year's midterm was as high as most presidential years, so at least that was something.
 Yeah, just passing the measure to reenfranchise felons in Florida may have been enough to tip them over to being a permanent blue state in future elections.
 I'd like to see a lot more decisions decentralized to local direct democracies.
 Yeah. And the efficiency increases for physical production aren't as high as Moore's Law, but still huge. Even though I'm worried about climate change, I'm hopeful we'll pass the energy tipping point a lot faster than people expect.
 Same. Solar is becoming cheaper compared to fossil fuels so rapidly that when it's time for a generational power generation replacement, I wouldn't be at all be surprised if we went to mostly solar and wind in just a few years.
 Yeah, it was an amazing idea to come up with. Nice chatting with you!
 Hello! Do you like to watch tv?
 That's pretty interesting! Did you ever watch pokemon?
 I watched it growing up, it was pretty popular in the early 2000s. I believe it was supposed to have ended some time ago.
 Interesting, I have watched it. I think they tried to make an 80s show too and it flopped. 
 Yeah, that's an insane amount. I read he limped with different legs throughout the show and no one noticed.
 Jim carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of it his positive belief system. He seems like a pretty happy, positive guy. 
 Sounds like an interesting concept. Jon hamm taught drama to Ellie kemper from the Office in high school.
 He is best known for his role in Mad men. Do you like basket ball?
 Yeah, seems excessive. The inventor of basket ball is the only losing coach in uni of Kansas's history.
 The new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the tall blacks. I'm not sure how to feel about that.
 Yeah, were a little lawsuit crazy here. Well, it's been nice chatting with you!
 Have a good night!
 Ipone, ....I can believe it. We need to update our ICBM, or is it IMDB? Get it! Hahaha
 Haha. I would like to see what percentage of that state picks that option. Probably increases every election cycle.
 Yeah. Although we did get Dr. Ben Carson lol. I guess that the types of person with a background that makes it through
 Take it easy!
 Seems like a good option to me. Apparently the taller candidate usually wins, like 75% of the time when running for president. Perhaps Nevada should just have a box for "tallest candidate" and make it easier.
 That would make it easier. And as a 6'6" person, I would probably win so I am all for it!
 You have my vote. In Athens they would appoint some officials by lottery.
 Oh geez, doesn't seem to meritous. What's next, rock/paper/scissors?
 that's true. Did you know NYC's area code is 212 because they are lazy?
 On an old rotary phone that 212 would be easy to dial. It pays to be the Big Apple I guess.
 Yeah! I used to make mistakes or my finger would fly off the dial and I would get so mad! Now it probably more than a space shuttle too!
 I would be more than happy to stay off my phone. The water would be a bonus!
 Yeah it would. I heard the Zimbabwean president was called President Banana. Perhaps Trump could have a nickname too?
 A proper noun and a descriptor, I like it!
 I speak English good! The president of Indonesia has released 3 Pop albums. Perhaps Trump could do some cool jazz?
 Like Clinton. They could jam together! I do not think anything could go wrong!
 That would be a platinum seller!
 Yeah, I love watching south park.
 Every once in awhile. I like dramas. Do you?
 Yeah, I've seen house a few times.
 He is mainly in Star Trek, but I have mainly watched him in X-men and American Dad.
 I never really played, but I do enjoy watching. What about you?
 Wow, how come?
 That's crazy. Fun fact, vasectomies increase during march madness!
 So that men can stay home and watch basketball for a few days!
 That is surprising! Also, Basketball was invented at the YMCA.
 I did not know that. Thank you for the info.    I have got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
 I beg to differ with you on that.  He is a good player and is part of football dynasty.
 Yes, I am, bring on the superbowl..LOL
 Greatest of all time, couldn't agree more with you on that.  Do you know how many superbowls he's won?
 Man, what you got against my man, Eli.  You all beefing or something?  He's a genius, him and his brother. LOL
 Ok, we can agree to disagree, it's been nice talking to you.
 Yeah, I'm not such a big fan either. But I am looking forward to Superbowl.
 Yes, we do. One time I heard that the American Flags cost $50k each. The amount of cash invested into The NFL is obscene. Although I do find it amusing Iowa's visitor's locker room is all pink.
 That is true. For every minute you don't use your cell phone, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need.
 I have my notifications off on my applications so I only check them when necessary. I figure if it's important, people will call.
 Its good to see Peterson doing so well again for the Redskins
 haha He'd be okay being he has a "geinus-level" IQ.
 Definitely Payton!
 he is a quarterback from New York giants. he has a brother playing in the NFL too, his name is Peyton manning. Eli and Peyton manning father's was also a quarterback in the nfl he was great player 
 That fact is very fascinating to know, and it is very effective while the game is playing
 yes I know that so true. I really hope you watch a Eli manning game one day, he is a genius
 nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
 bye
 bye
 Me too! Have a good evening!
 That is great to know. That anyone can be involved. There is even a coach who is a rocket scientist.
 That is pretty cool. It is funny how they always say after the Super Bowl "I'm going to Disney World." They get paid to say it but I would say it for free because I love it there so much!
 Yes it has.  His full first name is Elisha.  That's different.
 lol Yes...they used to be in San Diego.  Eli has a genius level IQ.
 Yes!  In the last 20 years of the NFL draft only 3 of those taken number 1 overall have won a super bowl - Peyton and Eli Manning and David Carr.
 He took a beating.  He's still playing though!  The NFL is using tracking chips embedded in the players shoulder pads and in the footballs to record data.  I think they are starting to collect data on the toll the hits take.
 His last few season have been rough.  The NFL has no written rule against female players.  I think we will see one soon...maybe as a kicker?
 That surprises me really in baseball.  An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Kind of short for a game they stretch out to 3 hours.
 That's 169 minutes of replays and commercials. The lifetime earnings of an NFL or Baseball player is less than an engineer. I guess the career isn't as lucrative as I thought. Still a lot of pay for 11 minutes LOL!
 True!  Baker Mayfield, who is the current Cleveland Browns QB, almost quit football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  That would have been a risky financial move I  would think.
 I would love to do competitive gaming! With the success of twitch, he should have switched. He probably would have made more money. Apparently he was a boss at Halo 3.
 Wow.  I had no idea they made that much.  Was that a guy named Paul Hubbard?  It's been fun chatting by the way!
 Yes it was. They did it so the teammates could read his ASL on the field. That means the team had to learn sign language. And likewise, thank you.
 Hope you have a great day and thanks again!
 That is so amazing. Nice chat :)
 Hello - yes, I love football. What about you? 
 Yep I believe so. Been a long time since I've seen that movie. 
 I've heard that as well. I think he has 2 super bowl wins.
 Yeah, the Republican Party took the place of the Whig Party after it collapsed.
 Not until just now. That sounds very creative -- like a MacGuyver trick.
 My brother-in-law is a radio nostalgia fan and I've listened to some old recordings from his collection. What I really like are the comedies, like Lum &Abner. Ever heard of them?
 You too, Good chat!!
 Good Night
 That would be great! Their family is so great that a Mississippi campus has speed limits representing Archie and Eli's numbers.
 Maybe not so much.  Heard that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Actually that's more than I watch of the Super Bowl. Ha! 
 HEY! Do you know who Adrian Peterson is?
 Not a big football fan but just found out he played for the Washington Redskins
 Thats soo cool! Love when ppl use their platforms to help others
 Yup! Did you know that Eli manning has a genius IQ!
 DANG! I would have never known. I'm super shocked to find out that Eli real name is Elisha.
 cool!
 Good call!  I know no-huddle is the rage now, but with those complex play calls, I couldn't imagine a game without a huddle at some point.   
 Yes I watch football every week and weekend its on TV.
 I honestly couldn't tell you, as I dont really pay attention to salaries as well as earned income from football matches.  I do disagree that they are tax free.  Thats just crazy how they are like that.  Any who what do you know about American NFL?  Did you know that women could play football if they really wanted to?????
 Every morning!  I enjoy the witty banter between co-hosts on the morning show. Not as creative as the witty banter the old radio ventriloquist used to do with himself back in the 1930s, but close!
 Yeah. And, while I never heard it myself, I understand that Bill Murray used to do radio--he played the Human Torch on the old Fantastic Four radio show. He is one awesomely creative comic!
 I also like it when he sings, although he is no Bing Crosby! You know, back in the 1940s, Bing was so popular that he could be heard on radio almost 50% of the time!
 Yeah, he was hot--not as hot as that radio station that translates solar activity into sound and then broadcasts it--now that is one hot sound!
 That is probably as hot as Hanson music on alternative radio in Chicago...when they listeners are not told who they are listening to...Did yo hear about that one?
 A couple of years ago.  About the time Hawaii passed the single-payer healthcare law. It was around 2009. The one that their governor refused to implement.
 Really? I'll have to check it out. I love the clasics
 Maybe some of old Gov Ronald Reagan stuff?  Governors have all the fun... You know, the Gov of Oklahoma has a pool shaped like Oklahoma? I wonder where the deeep end is?
 I like how Brits pronounce "Guvnuh". I like southern accents too.  You know, you can't be Gov of South Carolina if you are an atheist?  
 Classic! Almost like a foreign language. You know, the last President to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR? He spoke New York and New Jersey dialects!
 I think that to be president you should be able to speak more than one language.  Anyways, it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one. 
 ya I heard about that, I can't think of any good Canadian artists, so ya that sounds awful to me haha
 Yeah it is. nice chat
 Hello! I'm great! How are you?
 They are so cool. And they are such cool creatures, they rescue sailors just like dolphins
 Overall, really smart and important creatures. 
 I read they call their meeting place the white shark cafe. Well people do anyway, not the sharks haha. I wonder if they do other social things there too if people thought it was bumpin enough to call it a cafe
 Although being higher functioning than trees and dinosaurs isn't that big a thing to brag about since trees can't bark ( at least the sound anyway!) and dinos died out
 good rule!!  
 lol...that is probably a big part of it.  Everyone wants to feel included and important.
 Nice that is comfy. Nice chatting with you.
 I like drama it is very interesting to watch. I like all kinds like plays, operas, mimes, ballet, or radio and television of course. You?
 Heck yeah that show is so interesting. Hugh Laurie deserves to be the highest paid drama actor.
 Because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama! Smart man, I should have become an actor :)
 Too funny! I should have too. 
 I think they probably would. I imagine that War of the Worlds and ones like that will always stand the test of time. 
 You have a great night as well my friend. 
 I do like to watch football. Do you?
 It is really condensed. The clock is like 60 minutes and then only 11 minutes?!?!?!? There is no rule against women playing!
 No, in fact I am a bears fan so the exact opposite of that. Although I am not one of those zealous fans who mock the toher team. You?
 It strikes fear into their opponent's hearts. LIke the Iowa locker room!
 I wonder if they track how people throw a football. Keelen moore is a lefty so I wonder if that affects it.
 It is a short story which depicts the last Super Bowl. It's the last Super Bowl because simulated sports got too popular. It took place in January 2016 between the Green Bay Packers and the Hoboken Jets.
 I like to read.
 But not as smart as Alex Smith. 
 Yeah...he took so many AP classes that he entered college as a jr.
 True. If he were a Saints cheerleader, he would definitely not get caught in a restaurant with a player in it.
 Probably he would use one of those tracking devices that the NFL has
 yeah, but Brady is still the GOAT. I don't care what Junipero High School thinks...they didn't start him even when his team could not score a single TD
 He would probably tell Baker Mansfield to pursue full time competitive gaming
 yeah. to do otherwise would be like entering a circular firing squad. Better to do a circular huddle
 I'n not sure I heard his name. Maybe Kellan Moore. 
 Well if you want to stand out, play for the packers. They've sold out every game since 1960
 yeah, definitely better than a circular firing squad. Paul Hubbard would be proud
 You too
 I love it!  Love the NFL!
 I watch as much as I can.  Sunday games, Monday night, and thurs. night.  I heard Aaron Rogers and the Green Bay packers are close to signing a contract extension.
 There is a lot of downtime now.  I don't like the new rules.  Back when I was a kid in the 70s and 80s any time any one ran out of bounds the play clock stopped.  Not now though.  It makes the games go quicker, but like you said...actual game play is down.  Matt Ryan of the Atlanta Falcons currently is the highest paid player.
 I'm a Steelers fan.  lol  I'm surprised though at how much these players make.  Matt Ryan got a 150 million 5 year deal.  I like the Steelers because when the players want big money like that they just let them go when their contracts are up.
 They are actually my 2nd favorite team.  I respect Tom Brady.  He puts a lot of work into his work and is the best QB of all time in my opinion.
 True.  He's won the most super bowls.  Out of all the QB's to have a thrown a TD pass only one threw one to himself - Brad Johnson!
 I would think so.  The Green Bay Packers have remained a popular team.  The current waiting list for season tickets currently has over 100,000 names on it.
 They are the only non-profit community owned professional sports team in the U.S.  I love that.
 I didn't know that.  That's interesting.  They play in Lambeau field still.  That has to be one of the oldest NFL stadiums now.
 I didn't! I learned a lot. Thanks for chatting! 
 hello
 Hi, how are you?
 I am good. Do you watch football.
 The Steelers. 
 Coo, I have mad respect for Big Ben and Pittsburg!
 Yeah he is pretty good. He has his off days though.
 I dont know if there has been many try to be honest.
 I dont know they would have to be able to kick better than at least 32 kickers in the world.
 Maybe your right I guess time will tell. I hope to see it one day.
 Yeah and what 11 minutes worth of action.
 I still like to watch it though. The commercials are always good. Lol.
 That is always the best part, that and the chicken wings and beer! 
 Cant beat the chicken wings while watching the big game on a big tv with a beer in your hands.
 I think they are paid pretty well. Even if they are only there one year. They stilll make more than the average joe does.
 True, well it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 I only watch the Super Bowl because I go to a party and eat. I guess that is the first Sunday in February every year.
 And they are community owned,which is cool.
 The lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than that of an NFL player and MLB player. Plus I imagine your medical bills and therapy bills (for after your 3rd concussion) would be cheaper and almost non-existent. Haha!
 Never knew that.  But it was interestiong.  By the way, nice chatting with you
 I'm not sure. I do know the huddle was created by a deaf player to hid communications. That's pretty smart!
 Yes, cheese packing would be a good guess, too. Lots of dairies where the Packers are from. They sure are a popular NFL team!
 No I don't.  But I like seahawks!  lol  Guess they're really sea gulls  lol
 I do, do you?
 I occasionally do but I always watch the Superbowl.
 Do you have a favorite team?
 Beer. Lots and lots of beer.
 But then you have to be smart and keep up with the latest rocket stuff and that just seems like a lot of work.'
 Really? I did not expect that. Anyways, it was nice chatting with you!
 Ditto! Have a great night!
 I really don't know. Since he's a quarterback, maybe he was also a pitcher. One good arm for both sports!
 His competitive spirit. Probably like the mental aspect of the game. Anyway, nice chat!
 Good chat with you too. Learned a little about football. Have a great evening.
 Thanks and I hope your favorite team wins the super bowl next year!
 I would enjoy that at some point. I've lived in 3 cities with national teams so maybe I 'll get to see one of them play.
 It would be easier if the small city teams had more money. Anyway, have a good night!
 Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Same here.
 I am.  I follow the Browns, but I also have a fantasy team.  I love our new team leader, Quarterback Baker Mayfield.
 yeah...but hey its green bay, not LA or nyc
 i think he should stick with the all black "Men in Black" suits
 no wonder every game is sold out!
 Back to talking about fashion, Rodgers should look fabulous. He has a lot of money
 yeah...not many lefties in the nfl. 
 but there r plenty of smart people. alex smith got his bachelors in 2 years
 well he could probably study during the games. they only last 11 minutes
 You are probably right.  Being a team that is owned and loved by their community is something really special and unusual.
 I've got to run now.  I learned a lot from you about the NFL and football.  It was nice chatting with you.
 No, it does not bother me at all.  I watch NFL games mostly to hang out with my kids.  
 I admire Tom Brady even though I am not a fan of the Pats.  Anyway, I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you.
 hello
 I love it. You got a favorite teanm. Mines The Steelers.
 Oh Im sorry to hear that. Burfict isn't nice.
 Ill give you AB, but not ben or tomlin
 That might have been a good move for him. 
 Hes a pretty good QB as well
 I dont see it happening anytime soon. It would be interesting if it happened though.
 I would actually love to see that. If a woman had one heck of an arm, and could be accurate. Maybe she could play QB.  
 I believe it. 
 Yeah that is an awesome technlogy.
 It gives us a lot of info about what is going on out therehuh.
 It was good talking to you. Who Dey! LOL
 I agree with you they basically touch the ball on almost every offensive play.
 Yeah a packing company and that is why they are called the Packers, too cool.
 Awesome. Well being the 3rd oldest franchise in the NFL is quite awesome. Nice talking with you!
 Haha I'm sure they even get that! I'm surprised their hasn't been a woman that tried out for a team yet since that is allowed!
 Hi, how are you?
 I love to read, always have.  I somewhat of a speed reader, also.
 Elementary school, I had an English teacher that showed us how and we were little, we thought we were doing something fun!  Kids nowadays would think we were being tortured.
 I agree with you on that.  Getting back to the speed reading, there's really no trick to it, just practice.  The teacher would turn the lights off and we would focus on the blackboard where a little lighted strip showed the words.  And we'd read until the strip cut off and then have to answer questions about the text to see if we really read it.  I always enjoyed it and thought it was fun.  That wouldn't impress the internet kids today as something fun to do.
 You're making me feel old now!  JK Well, it's been fun chatting with you.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 Hello how are you doing tonight
 haha good plan! i bet there were tons of babes in his drama class
 hahahaha thats a hilarious name! Do you think thats his real name or a nickname?
 ya I wont be checking out the latin radio station, I don't understand that language haha
 The baby is coming around September, thank you very much, and congratulations as well I bet everyone is excited, I wish you the best of luck, its been great chatting  
 I think President Macron is on the right track when he talks about how political integration and populist tribalism can help keep Europe peaceful and prosperous. 
 The president is a head of state and nation. He was the leader of the republic state.
 Talking about presidents...I like the fact that the president of Indonesia release 3 pop albums. Music must be official!
 Mostly they are think about the welfare of the nation and people only.
 The US president guest house is larger than the white house.
 Yes, But now days people are social media very few only listen to radio. Its very useful to hear the current update in the cities.
 Hahaha, It's not music from heavens! it is Noise from outer space.
 Yes, In olden days we have only radio now in modern days all technology is used to watch the match.
 Yes, people always in social media now days, there communication was much reduced.
 We are able to hear the classical dramas and comedy in the radio.
 Nice talking to you!!
 Because they do not project positivity. Nice chat
 LOL well he could make a duet with Kanye West. They could do it from the White House to guest house haha
 Did you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid dramatic actor ever? $700,000 per episode of house. Now that's a dream I'd like to wake up to haha
 Sounds good! $700k. What does he do with it all? Anyhow, great chat!
 I know I could not spend that much money haha or maybe I could LOL I should take a page out of Michael Caine's Playbook and chase girls with the money haha
 It's heartwarming that such a young person would take action
 No, not really, though I do like them to get from one point to another.
 These days we depend on cars so much.
 I agree. And I hope that I would be humble, just like Burch.
 He sounds like a good kid
 Same! Nice chatting with you!
 Very good! Do you like football?
 I try to follow as much as I can. I did not realize before that they play 17 weeks and only rest 1 weekend!
 That is incredible!! 
 But NFL players have way more fun!! But there is a coach that has it all. Matt Patricia, NFL coach and aeronautical engineer!!
 that would be neat to see!! I did learn that there is only one left handed QB in the NFL , he is Kellan Moore
 I would have thought so too.! Also that Doug Williams and Russell Wilson are the only two african American QB to win the superbowl!
 Well these two Quarter back won against the Broncos, my favorite team!! Tell me about the huddle!
 I have not visited but I have heard a lot about it.. for example I did learn that the co-founder has a cat called Karma!
 Wow very few!! It is kind of obvious but reddit come from Read and edit!
 wow, that is pretty funny. But it actually is the third site visited in the US and the sixth in the world! Well It was nice talking to you!
 I believe it!  There was a show on where Snoop Dogg was a football coach.  I never got a chance to see it though.  
 Wow.  They must have a popular football team then?  Did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams is completely painted pink?
 right? lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars from that time.  Totally different numbers by now I would think.
 That's crazy.  I never knew that.  Do you know what the highest score ever was for a football game?
 It was a college game in 1916.  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0.  Ouch.
 I believe that.  I think there's a few 100,000 seaters.  Here's a good stat.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball once during his NFL career.
 I think he might still be playing.  I had no idea it weighed and cost that much.  That's interesting!  Here's something a little different but sports related...Abe Lincoln is enshrined in the wrestling hall of fame, having lost only once in 300 matches.  I have never heard that before.
 Yes. The Macho Man!  Too bad he died so young.   The man who designed his wrestling gear also designed clothes for Jimi Hendrix, Aerosmith, and more.
 I have never heard of that.  I'm going to have to look it up for sure.  You have me intrigued.  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Hello, hope you are having a great afternoon. How many cars do you have in your family? We have 1 that is old but not as old as the first car which came about in 1886!
 Hi, we have too. I love cars. I think 1886 is a great year!!
 I think so too. he patented the benz patent Motorwagen.  and this year is regarded as the birth year of the modern car
 I've seen a lot of Model T cars, our first made cars, but I've never ridden in one. It would be fun to get that chance.
 wow, it is cool you have seen the ford's Model T, that was life changing for America!
 That is right his name was Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac, very legant name" for an elegant car!
 True, I hadn't thought of that. Other countries have funny car facts like South Africa who banned flame-throwers from cars even though they were being used to prevent carjacking. That's some serious defense!
 hahah that is funny, and I think they now allow it! They have made it legal. That is crazy
 Wow, that is some exotic designing.  his sport could theatrical or genuine!! either way i am not a fan!
 Me neither! But apparently Abraham Lincoln was and he's in the wrestling hall of fame because he only lost 1 in 300 matches. That's a big record!
 That is super gross, you are so right! I am definetely way more into football!
 That is amazing, nothing like that has happened since then! I found funny how the university of IOWA painted the visiting team's locker in Pink!
 Yes, I guess they are really trying to intimidate the opponents on that one! I bet it doesn't work!
 Probably not, it is more like a joke!
 Yeah I did hear about that, it's amazing that Hunter Burch was able to save her
 He also seems modest because he doesn't like to say that he was a hero
 It is pretty interesting, what do you think about the man who bought a barn in New York and then open it up to find it was full of classic cars, what a genius
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. That's a tough division to be a fan of. Those 4 teams seems to be competitive every year. It's tough to win it...
 I am a Bears fan. Born and raised so I really do not have a choice... DO you go to many games?
 Me too (to both!). I feel like watching at home is just as good as going. Plus it's really expensive to go. And the cold!
 No not really, I stay at home most Sundays what about you?
 For opening weekend, I will do wings and cornbread. Usually a brisket too. I really like to grill and cook so I can go over board...
 I like the tight end position. I am 6'6" and can related to their size. 
 Well then you'll love this trivia. Did you know that KEllan Moore is the only left-handed QB?
 Me too. My favorite is Jared Lorenzen, the hefty lefty!
 Oh, that's the truth! Yes, I know that Unicef will donate a day of clean water for every child when you don't use your cell phone. That's very kind of them. 
 How could anybody go a day without their cell phone? That's almost as bad as not having clean water! I wonder how successful this program is.
 Probably Frogger on the Atari. That was years and years ago. lol.
 Oh, that would be it I guess. Thanks.  Hey, this has been lots of fun. Thanks for that!
 Thanks again
 That makes a lot of sense. Did you ever have a rotary phone?
 I did grow up with them and got so angry when i misdialed at the end of a number or on a 9. So inconvenient.
 Not sure. The author of a games of thrones called the new england patriots the lannisters of the nfl. Seems like a really mean thing to say!
 Has to do with the time and the score of the game. It's pretty rare but there are instances it makes sense. Ask Bill Belichick. Bill belichick is the winningest coach in nfl postseason football with 21 wins. 20 with the new england patriots and 1 with the cleveland browns.
 Good talking to you too! Have a good night!
 They need to fit all those commercial breaks in haha!
 There's so much data that they use to make the game more fun. It's fun to see how far they actually run when you account for running back and forth as well as what speeds they can actually reach/
 Hope you have a great day as well!
 Yes I've seen pretty much all of them. I have to say as good as they are the original comics are better.
 Great chat!
 I love music. Me too I love Mozart as well.
 It was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori around the year 1700. I don't know who invented the steam piano.
 Yes in fact I do. It was Karl Benz I believe.
 You're one clever cookie. You should go on Jeopardy! I bet you
 Some people have told me this before. Thanks. 
 Well it was very nice chatting with you today and I hope you have a great day!!!
 He really is. He took the Warriors to the championships for the first time in over 30 years!
 The other team kept 2 defenders on just him...and his team still won, they must be pretty amazing. 
 Wow. Yeah must have been a solid team for sure. He led the Warriors to their first championship since 1975!
 Agreed. Then they came back with a vengeance...back to back titles!
 I'm doing well, and you? 
 It was good talking to you!
 That would be hilarious if one of our presidents was a pop star.
 It was good talking to you!
 I'm good! Are you a fan of any of the 32 teams in the NFL?
 I'm a Steelers fan!  Mitch Trubisky is actually from not far from where I live.  I read that the NFL only has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay per game.
 I think one day we'll see a girl playing at some point.  The New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restraraunt as any NFL player.
 I don't know where the rule originated from.  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.  That's probably because an engineer has a longer career.
 They maybe able to lengthen foorball careers with a chip they put in their shoulder pads to record movement.
 That's interesting!  Technology has come a long way.  They also put chips in the footballs to track datat such as velocity, etc.
 I like putting chips in my belly, especially doritos, while watching dramas. Do you like dramas?
 LOL That's funny!  I do like dramas.  I used to love HOUSE with Hugh Laurie.  He was the highest paid actor ever earning $700,000 per episode.
 You know who you won't see in a drama? Jim Carrey because his belief system prevents him from playing roles that are not positive. 
 Interesting!  Michael Caine became an actor because the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class.
 Me too!  lol  Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school.  I loved watching Mad Men that he was in.
 He had a famous student too. Erin from the office!
 Wow!  That's crazy.  Are you a fan of fantasy fiction?
 Yes.  People have a fantasy draft in the national spelling bee.  I wonder how that works?  lol
 I turned it into a degenerate drinking game, choosing spellers and drinking when they get eliminated. Nice chatting with you!
 Nice.  I'm a Steelers fan and like you my family was from there.  Did you watch the super bowl this year?  It's usually held on the first Sunday of February.
 Crazy how they win so much.  Did you know that there's no written rule against a female playing in the NFL.  I wonder if we'll see one any time soon. 
 True.  That's a weird rule where the Saints won't let the cheerleaders eat at the same restaurant as an NFL player.
 Crazy.  
 Yes!  They get paid big money for such a short amount of work.  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer though is higher than that of the average NFL or MLB player.  So, in the long run it pays to be an engineer.
 lol I wonder if the tracking chips that they put in players shoulder pads records any of that getting hit data?
 I agree.  Do you watch any dramas?  I used to like watching House starring Hugh Laurie.
 That's some nice cashola.  I think I could live a lifetime off of one episode's worth of wages.  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any longer because it's against his believe system that prevents him from playing role that don't project positivity.  I kind of like that.  We need more positivity in the world.
 Me neither.  It was nice chatting with you.  Have a good one!
 if i could give you a high five through the screen i would!!!! they are my team too! :D how do you feel about our big day on sunday!
 Hahah I guess he knew what he wanted. Nice chat
 Yep I agree with you. I also like the show House. I guess Hugh Laurie was making $700,000 per episode when they were doing that
 Yep I agree with you there. Maybe I should listen to some classic radio dramas. They have a website that lets you listen to those for free and there are thousands. I must be able to get some good vibes from them
 I try to avoid the news personally because I think it's depressing haha. But yeah I don't watch as much TV as I used to as a kid certainly. I do watch movies sometimes though, like Austin Powers 3 with Michael Caine
 Yes it's actually incredible. It's better than the second one. Although I do like the first one the best, the third one is also really good. Michael Caine really makes that movie lol you need to check it out!
 I like stories about people like Derrius Guice who give a parent a car when he gets a big pro salary
 Me too. And it sounded like he wanted to buy her a house next !
 And whenever you're able to raise a large some of money for cancer research, it really shows how selfless some of these athletes can be.  I also hope he learned how to store some money away though; I hate seeing stories where athletes blow their salary before they earn it all 
 Yes absolutely. Always have a transition plan because especially in the NFL, careers can be short. If you escape with no long-term injuries, you can keep making money and investing...
 Yeah college football is very fast-paced and the scores can get pretty high, lots of blowouts too. Fun for gambling on games!
 I'm usually around 50-60% on average. Sometimes better, sometimes I have bad weeks. But I'm not too bad. 
 yes they will mostly play the goalie  things
 these games have made kids very sober and they have become addicts to those games
 yes to avoid the cars from being carjacked they are using this method and it looks kind of cool and  like thug
 hi.
 Yeah. Im a steelers fan. How about you.
 It is nice to see huh.
 no what did he do.
 That was good of him. Help somebody who is at least willing to try to help themselves
 Yeah I guess so. So what do you think about the prospect of a woman being in the nfl
 Yeah.
 Well there is no rule against it. Do you think a woman could play in the nfl?
 I would be surprised if a woman joined the NFL. But I suppose some would be physically able to meet the requirements. 
 Are they going to get rid of him or something.
 I dont think so.
 Yea, defense and low scoring isn't what most fans want to see. Although it's still pretty interesting when you have the tracking chips telling you all the data on the field now.
 Haha, maybe in South Africa where apparently it's legal. I think a lojack would be easier to prevent carjacking than a flamethrower though.
 Haha I think you're right. I wish I had one so I could melt the snow right now haha.
 I don't know? They should have used Nasa's metric system. We have another rocket going up tomarrow here in the sunshine state!
 I think that was perry's first game as a starter. They had high hope for him but he hasn't paid off yet. They also almost lost Jeff Thomas to my Illini but managed to keep him.
 He almost quit foot ball to become a gamer. Seems like he made the right choice.
 he was picked number 1 overall and made a ton of money. He's got the browns going in the right direction.
 Yes, I am a huge OU fan so it is fun to watch Baker Mayfield in the pros. He jokes about being able to beat everyone at OU at Halo 3.
 No, I watch a ton of football! HA. I listen to music a lot too. Freddie Mercury is on right now.
 Nice. I got Pink Floyd going, division bell. Someone mentioned it and I thought that sounded like a good album to listen to.
 Right on! I love music and football. Freddie Mercury actually did a duet with Michael Jackson and MIchael insisted on bringing his llamas to the recording studio! weird, huh?
 Nice chatting with you!
 I havnt heard of it what is it about.
 I can certainly relate to all that. I have three kids. 
 I might have to check that out. May be able to get some pointers.
 Well that is true I guess. Having kids changes everything.
 I love cars as well. did you know that cadillac was actually named after a frednch explorer who founded detroit.
 Nope, did not know, that's cool! Did you know the trunk of the car is called the trunk because they used to have wooden trunks on the back?
 Wonder why old henry ford didnt think about people needing a place to put their stuff when he made the model t
 i was unaware of that as well. My son loves thomas though.
 Thats just crazy. I never got the pokemon thing. Guess That is something for the younger generations.
 I really like netflix. I think its because you can pause and rewind and choose exactly what you want to watch when you want to.
 that is pretty amazing considering all the other content that is available on the internet.
 That reminds me, I need to charge my phone, been out of charge for a couple of days, I'll have to tell Unicef as I've not been using it.  Good talking to you.
 Nice talking to you too!
 yes he does, he helps a charity foundation too, when he makes a 3 pointer he donates a mosquito net to africa
 Nice guy! Thanks for chatting.
 Oh wow! That's amazing. I would love to get signed up for that. I don't use mine as much as a lot of people. 
 Nice chatting with you!
 I don't care for 3rd rock from the sun even though it won the best comedy series in 1997 over seinfeld, friends, and frasier.  I prefer Seinfeld.
 Never heard of that belief even in general.  Do you watch football?  One game in 1916 had a score of 222-0.  Sounds like a game I used to play when my brother was too little and I could take advantage.
 Yes, it is fun to watch our heroes!  Who do you think will get in the superbowl this year?  They may not score 222 but I wonder what the outcome will be?
 Bowling, mini-golf, and skating are some sports I don't see the same interest in as when I was a kid.  Too much technology again I guess.  It's good the football teams still get out there and play to inspire kids by playing their hearts out and never fumbling footballs like Green-ellis.
 Yeah, I think that football for me is the king of sports. Even though Golf has its big money paydays - in my opinion it's no where close to be as exciting. I personally admire how great football teams functions almost like close family when on the grid iron. Funny thing I read the other day - did you know that the University of Iowa once painted the locker room for visiting teams in pink? PINK!!!!
 I wonder if they update the paint with fresh coats.  Nice chatting with you.
 Hey I really enjoyed my little chat without - Eagles fan or not. Have hi to your Auntie for me! But seriously i hope that you continue to enjoy Comedy and great football games in life.
 Thanks and same to you!  
 Wow that is pretty cool. nice chat.
 some movie soundtracks are so cool. nice chatting with you
 I am. Are you?
 I hate all big ten schools, it is hard wired into me but what you all do with the children's hospital brings a tear to my eye everytime!
 I bet we lost that one. I shouldn't say "hate" because all of the people are nice, especially Iowa. It just sucks when we always get crushed.
 Jay Cutler. I know that seems dumb but I love how he is portrayed in his wife's show.
 He's just so indifferent to the entire world. (I have never seen it but have seen clips on sports shows).
 Wow, I had no idea. There's only 11 minutes of actual playing time in a real game.
 Ditto! Have a great day!
 Hi! Are you a dog lover by chance? I think it's neat knowing that dogs were the first species to be domesticated!
 I did not expect that! They have so many vibrant colors on their complex, I guess it's a good thing dogs can't see as many colors as humans or else they'd be distracted at Google. Ha!
 I agree. We should all be more like Istanbul when it comes to dogs. They have vending machines that release food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic water bottles. 
 I didn't know that! That's wild! Wonder if they apply the same laws to television? Speaking of television, are you a fan of the Simpsons? I am and I loved how the crew sent flowers to the south park producers after they aired the family guy episode! Ha!
 I do like The Simpsons. I saw that episode. They deserved flowers ha ha. 
 LOL - I love the radio. I listen to it everyday.
 haha good point. It was a pleasure talking to you. Take care. 
 I never knew they had those before reading that just now.  I like the vending machines they have in Instanbul.  Are you familiar with them?
 If someone recycles their plastic bottles at them, the vending machine in exchange will release food and water for the city's stray dogs.
 Yes they are.  Did you know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing?
 I watch a lot during now during the winter.  I never really watched any of the 750 episodes of Pokemon though.
 Pokemon was for younger kids so I had no interest in it.  Did you ever watch "That 70s Show"?
 I liked it.  A few of them went on to have big careers.  They remade it in the UK and called it "Days like These" but it failed after 10 episodes.  Ashton Kutcher was the biggest one to come out of it a star.  However, it did also have Chong (who was already famous from Cheech and Chong) in it.
 It's been fun!  Have a great day!
 Me too and so does Google, they have proclaimed they are a dog company!!
 That is true, I hardly watch TV but I remember  different shows I watched, like that 70's show,
 Yeah. You can watch all the episodes of The Simpsons on the internet whenever you like, even the one with no Bart. 
 that is weird, but love to watch them from time to time. I would not watch pokemon, even if they have 750 episodes!
 lol, I do not think Ringo would do it either, but he did narrate Thomas the Tank engine!
 It would be good to check! but they did at least 52 episodes, It must have sounded good!!
 Maybe if he did it with a Canadian accent he could get played on Canadian radio. They have a 40% Canadian quota there. 
 You'd have to go to Finland for that. But it's all Greek to me. 
 And it is broadcasted since 1989,there must be someone who actually listens to it!
 Probably that's where Bart Simpson was that one time. 
 Thy are man's best friend, they deserve our care and respect
 I do not think they will ever be extinct, did you know dogs and elephants have something in common?
 Point me to the right answer.
 You got it , they seem to understand pointing. Well , it was fun chatting with you. Have a good one
 I am a big Golf fan.  I like the fact that each course is different and varied
 I like gold as well. How often do you play?
 Not as often as I like.  I think it is funny that Samuel L Jackson has a contract clause that allows him to play golf while filming movies
 I am sure he enjoyed the course clubhouse
 Yeah, he liked drinking.  I'm sure he was good with the woods. He could probably drive a golf ball pretty far. 
 I imagine so.  Golf is such a major sport that courses in the US take up more space than Rhode Island and Delaware put together
 It most be easy to run a country if you have time to do that.
 I like that, they should have never changed it. 
 That is very possible.  I think it is better for the president to choose his own VP.
 I do like fiction. I want to read the Edgar Allan Poe story about a cyborg. I bet that's really crazy haha
 That would be fun read! Anyway, nice chatting!
 Thanks you too. And I wonder if you are a Game of Thrones watcher as well? The new season is coming up fast!
 Thats funny! I bet he doesnt lol, good thing his busy with pop albums and not creating controversies with the media like Trump
 I guess his parents must have really liked bananas. I can't think of any other explanation.
 Haha. Speaking of traveling, I would love to go to Canada. There, all radios need to have at least 40% of their music played be Canadian.
 Nice chatting with you! Speaking of Canadian music, guess I'll go listen to some Celine Dion right now!
 ya I guess there are free episodes online, I guess if theyre free they might not be good but its something anyway
 ya, I can't think of a lot of good canadian music so Id probably rather listen to the latin station honestly haha
 thanks, and make sure to try your hand at fan fiction!
 Hi! I am not much into golf but know the sport. The USA has more golf courses than the rest of the world combined!
 Wow, that's a lot of space! I like miniature golf too! Did you know Antarctica has a disc Golf course? Who knew?? lol
 Yeah,  i would choose to go snowboarding once a week lol 
 I would rather do anything else lol....Sit and listen to the radio is way more relaxing!
 So it looks like there was a happy ending after all though some might have still been sad over the loss of their school.
 I did read that somewhere and I believe it was a feel good story about difference races.
 I'm happy that most of the aging alumni seemed to be okay with leaving segregation behind.
 Me too, it's a nice thing to see a group of people come together and remember where they came from.
 I felt that a lot of them were coming together and remembering where they came from but also changing for the better
 Defiantly. I love their motto: tenax propositi. which means Stay steadfast to your endeavors.
 Yeah it's good they do. 
 The alumni association president says it's better to keep getting older than not!
 Yes I am how about you
 I  am, coutning the hours till the game, do you have a favorite team in the NFL?
 My fav is los angeles rams.
 okay, My mom and dad is a physical director and sports coach. My brother is a basket ball player. I am not a player but i play volley ball and 400 meters runner
 Ha ha, yes it seems, will wait for the next season.. what you play for your fitness
 Very nice to hear that. Do you like songs ?
 I love melody songs it melt my heart. songs are my best friends. 
 Superb, I am die hard fan of musician Illayaraja. If have time hear some songs from the list
 yes anyone can learn anytime, time is not a constraint, I love to learn new things everyday, I am currently studying currency trading
 Yes I hope, am not aware quaterback, Its a new thing to me , Ill clarify some doubts from my dad 
 intresting, is kellan is the only left handed QB ?
 okay, These articles were interesting to read.. hope you also enjoyed
 I believe what you are referring to was called More Life. Did you also know that he did not officially graduate high school until age 25? I'm glad he made it a priority after success. 
 I totally agree! However, the top three wealthiest presidents in American history were president a long time ago, so I don't know how much money Trump.
 He should start working on a pop album like the president of Indonesia!
 I love watching television, it's my favorite
 I know, right? It's kind of crazy that planets can be picked up by AM radio.
 I saw that. Amazing to think how far we've come in such a short time. Speaking of which, when Earth was first formed, the day was only 5.5 hours!
 Yeah, it has. And to think it could go even farther. Did you hear that we have an official ambassador to extraterrestrials?
 I'm not sure, but I know he was appointed by the United Nations.
 It does! It was nice talking with you!
 Haha :)  Good evening! I have accepted my addiction.
 Now there is an idea lol.  Yes, a simpler world would be great!  I wonder if his albums were any good :)
 LOL!  What if it was required of all tax payers to purchase, or maybe a sing-off national debate to help make the decision?  If it happened here, our ears would still be in pain though!
 True.  I'd like to think that if we can get 3g service on Mt. Everest, we can figure out how to solve the problems we collectively face as humans,
 Time for dinner, but great chat!  Let's hope that things go as smoothly and non-violently as possible in Iran!
 Thanks again!  Have a good week.
 I have always been fond of old Honest Abe, the first President to be photographed on his inauguration day. Eerily, his future  assassin was in the picture too...
 Ah, abe is also probably my favorite because he abolished slavery. I respect that.
 Did you know that 5 different presidents have won while loosing the popular vote? Funny...
 I wonder if President Banana had a PhD like Woodrow Wilson? Then he could be Doctor Banana!
 Yeah. In Guatemala, relatives of former Presidents cannot run for the office of president. Oh, how I wish that were true here!
 Same, but at least the vice president is no longer automatically chosen as the runner up in an election.
 That probably saved the country from several duels between Pres and VP!    
 I don't think that would work out very well. 
 Haha, agreed. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. Talk about multitasking!
 That is talented, and he spoke a foreign language fluently too!  The only President with that ability was FDR. Although I would hate to have heard FDR trying to sing...
 How difficult could it be? All of the South American Presidents speak Spanish! LOL  I guess when JP Morgan bailed out the government back in 1895, he did not give enough money for Spanish lessons
 Well, maybe if we give the President more responsibility we could justify a raise... Until then, they can always get a second job at Walt-Mart or something...
 And maybe pick up another one at starbucks for the discounts.  Anyways, thank you for your time! It was wonderful chatting with you!
 I enjoyed chatting with you too!  Just remember that the Chinese censor the word censorship, so who know what the their media is reporting?
 Nobody knows. It is censored! Have a nice evening!
 You too! Have a nice weekend!
 I feel a little like a school boy on a telephone call with a girl for the first time..."You hang up first".  "No, you hang up first!" Since everyone in Finland has the right to an internet connection, I feel it is ok to disconnect from this chat session. Bye bye!
 Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and current political news.
 It's a mass entertainment medium, it attracts all ages, mostly children and kids are always watching it. It occupies most of their time.
 I enjoy watching serials. It's very interesting to know next details about it. Nowadays teenager are on mobiles, they have no time to watch it. In olden days football matches were watched on TV. Its very amazing.
 It is Japanese anime serial. It is based on nintendo's video game series.
 I like Romeo and Juliet, Shakespeare is so good that only one of his play has not been on film or on television: The two noble kinsmen. That is incredible. 
 It very amazing ! No words to describe it. It is all time favourite to many of the world.
 Earth is the third planet from the sun in the solar system. The gravity of the sun holds the entire solar system. Mostly all the planets revolves around the sun.
 The place is not suitable for human to live.
 Right that is crazy, did you see the South park Episode about Family guy? They made fun of them and the Simpsons crew sent South Park flowers after haha
 Everything he can to stop it.  I agree, Obama didn't seem sufficiently worried about the Iranian government aquiring nukes.  I am glad to see that Iran is revolting against their gov't. 
 I think Trump is great lol. I disagree with the idea that the USA is now toxic.
 lol you're right - With a guest house larger than The White House I'd move in and teach him how to do so for free. :D
 hello
 I did actually.
 Thats probably were they keep the aliens now.
 Thats interesting I will have to look that up on the internet. Do ou use the internet much.
 It surely does. Did you know there is a copy of the internet in case it ever burns down.
 Yep it is housed at the library of alexandria.
 How interesting. WWW stands for world wide web.
 Yeah I heard there is actually 3g service on mt everest.
 Dont know but I bet the amount of FB posts on top of the mountain have.
 I had no idea. To save which government.
 Oh well. That makes more sense.
 That is a lot of episodes.  I guess it has been going on for quite some time.  I never got in to it as a kid, but play Pokemon Go occasionally.
 Oh I have no idea, apparently people dumb enough to believe it though. The government isn't always bad though. The Norwegian government donated $1 billion to save the Amazon rainforest.
 Is that true? Well it's nice to know presidents are actually qualified sometimes. Anyway it was nice chatting with you, have a nice night!
 Yeah I wonder too, maybe just for a day or something.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one. 
 Talk about multitasking.  
 That way they can avoid Washington DC traffic
 Gotcha. I figured that out as my time was expiring. If I had a choice to listen to the radio though, I would do that instead of watching tv all day for attentive purposes. It is much more informative in my opinion. What do you think? 
 The newspaper is awesome. I enjoyed reading our local paper an home as well. And reading the city papers in the DFW are and Houston area are awesome. I usually just get the Sunday paper now as I have no time every morning to look at it. 
 Ok cool, I will have to check it out thank you.  I think all the Kennedy stuff is interesting. 
 me too. All we have to do is 10 turns right? Hope you have a great xmas. and awesome new year. 
 no problem. take care. Go Brewers
 That's funny!  The U.S. congress has played Democrats vs. Republican baseball annually since 1909, that's interesting as well.
 Well that is ok then lol.  Nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 I'm in the same boat.  I only use it to stay in touch with a few people and I could care less about all the other garbage on there.  
 whoa!
 I agree.  Did you hear about the Burger King Facebook promotion they had?
 Burger King would give you a free whopper for every 10 people that you would unfriend on Facebook. lol
 I'm not sure, but I know I would have racked up quite a few free whoppers.  lol
 I didn't know that.  I see thoug that the like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.  I wonder why?
 lol Maybe.  This is interesting...Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness.
 I noticed it but never gave any thought as to why it was blue.  lol
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Hi! Me too!
 I did have a MySpace acount! Kinda loved it! But then Facebook took over lol
 no way lol, all of my Facebook friends are well known to me.
 I guess they might know if they see your posts or not. 
 Maybe they just think I'm not posting anything ;)
 I like That 70's Show sometimes and love Grey's Anatomy.
 I missed both :) are they good ?
 No That 70S show is just reruns but Grays Anatomy is an ongoing series.
 Ohhh, that I don't know, good question! I watch Southpark sometimes it's a funny cartoon.
 I love the satire to current events in South Park :) same in Family Guy and Simpsons :)
 Yes! Me too. So are you a fan of the newest phones at all?
 Not really :) I like my 2 year old Android phone :)
 I like my older Android as well. The prices are too high for me. It has been great chatting!!! Have a great night!! :)
 I was thinking about how there are restrictions on alcohol and cigarette advertising in some places and was trying to compare. Anyway, I've got to go now. Have a good night!
 Hello,  do you like facebook?  Did you know that  Myspace turned down an offer to buy fb in 2005?  Huge mistake lol 
 I do like facebook. What other trivia do you know about them
 That's why the thumb is blue! Makes sense but I didn't know that until today.
 Thats not as unusual as using it to rewrite your consitution, like Iceland.
 I like Brooklyn 99 right now. Really good writing. And modern family. What about you?
 I like the flash too. Tried to get into Archer the first season but couldn't do it. Homeland gets great reviews but I get HBO, not showtime...
 Homeland is now on Netflix.  Yeah im waiting on so many shows right now,  Game of thrones,  Ozark,  Shameless,  travelers, You,  The santa clarita diet. 
 That line is helpful! I cannot imagine watching games without it!
 Yes exactly. That is why I think ESPN deserves the emmy for creating it!
 I feel like that is a low bar to jump over for an emmy, right?
 I had the under too! What a bad bet... Snoop wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team...
 I do like classic cars but my wallet is not fond of them. I wouldn't mind a flame thrower on my car...
 Hello are you a football fan?
 I'm a big football fan!
 lol That is funny!  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.  Times have changed since then.
 Yeah bowling used to big a lot bigger than it is now. Did you know espn won an emmy or the yellow line that shows first down.
 I do. In 1916 Georgia tech put a whooping on cumberland 222-0.
 Ouch.  Cumberland got smoked.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.
 I agree.  Do you like to read up on cars?
 A little bit. Did you know that mcdonalds made the drive thru to accomodate soldiers that couldnt get out of vehicle in their army fatigues?
 Nice!  I didn't realize they came along that late.  I was surprised to find out that the first patent for a car was issued in 1886 to Karl Benz.
 I was surprised to hear that as well. I thought it was henry ford, but he just made the assembly line and sold them to the masses.
 Yes.  That was the Model T which came out in 1908.
 I would love to take a ride in one of those. Did you know it is legal to put flamethrowers on your car to deter hijackers in south africa.
 Oh man. I wouldn't want those to fall into the wrong hands.
 I bet people dont mess with your car if they see a flamethrower on the side though.
 Yeah because people used to strap old trunks to their cars to put their stuff in.
 Nice!  The car brand Cadillac was named after the French explorer and also the founder of Detroit Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac!  It's been fun chatting!
 Yes I've never seen that episode either, you should check out South Park though, one time they roasted Family Guy and The Simpsons actually sent them flowers afterwards
 No that is really funny! I'm just happy that we have video games that we don't have to use chicken for entertainment like they did in ancient Britain LOL
 Haha I'm sure he was shocked. he probably wished that he had a telephone to tell his friends about it LOL
 I've heard of them.  That's where people are stuck in a room have to figure out how to get out right?
 That is my belief.  Never been in one, sounds like fun, especially with a couple of drinks in you.
 Sounds kind of interesting, scary, and fun all rolled into one.
 lol Sounds like my house when my kids were growing up.  They used to watch Pokemon and I'm surprised to see that there are over 750 episodes of that show!
 lol  I don't know.  They seemed to be like 1/2 hour episodes if I remember correctly.  Did you ever watch "That 70s show"?
 No.  But, they did remake it in the UK and called it "Days Like These".  It was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 lol  They must have been extremely bored back then.  Did you ever have a Nintendo entertainment system that could display only 54 colors?  I did.
 I know what you mean!  I can't play my kids games.  Too much going on in them and I'm not interested in them like I was when they first came around in the 80s.  They discontinued the Nintendo system in Sept. of 2003 in Japan.  I didn't even know they lasted that long.
 I go all the way back to Atari, even Nintendo and its 52 colors looked spectacular to me.
 Haha!  Me too!  I fogot about the Atari.  I think I didn't have one until 1981 or so.  That's funny!  Do you remember Bill Nye the science guy?
 I was surprised to find out that he got discovered by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!
 I guess I can kind of see it, funny how little things like that can have a major impact on your life.  I wish I looked like someone famous.  Maybe I could do voice overs of Thomas the Tank Engine, impersonate Ringo Starr.
 lol Yes!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 I played a few times. The best part of it was buying the portable charger for my phone, which I used a lot.
 Ok. It was my pleasure to talk with you. Have a good day!
 You too! Have a great weekend! 
 Do you know about the different types of football?
 A little bit.      I know that some countries use the term to refer to soccer.
 That is interesting considering how much money they make today.      Gaelic Football players may be a different matter.
 Too true.    Speaking of Smart football teams, the Juniperso Serra High School JV football organization was definitely not one!
 Baker could make a living on games, but would he gets the $$ and the women? Well, it was great chatting with you!
 Not too much, but happy the Eagles won today!  Did you know that Snoop dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team
 Wow, that is a lot patriotism, half a ton
 Take it easy. 
 I like many different types of football, not just the gridiron versions.
 That must have been distracting!    Perhaps something like that led to the big Georgia Tech win in 1916!
 Things sure have changed!    Just like the virtual yellow first down line that won ESPN an emmy.
 Quarterback is my favorite position on the field.
 Interesting!    Football teams are quite funny things!
 Did you know the band Kiss once purchased an Arena Football team!
 I really like the University of Iowa.   In fact, I think I will go rewatch a game right now!
 Lol I've read about that, those fans are very unruly especially since they won a superbowl. Too bad Benjarvus Green-Ellis wasn't playing in the superbowl, he has never fumbled a ball in his career
 Hi, yes i enjoy watching football.
 I see the highest scoring game ever was 222-0 in 1916 for Georgia Tech. Every play must have been a score!
 Play a concert for a touchdown.
 Yes, and have large stadiums like some colleges have that can fit 60,000 screaming fans. All of them more interested in the music than the football game. Probably have to have extra security. 
 Can you imagine the half time shows. Flames and light shows on the stadium LED boards. it would put an ordinary Football game to shame.
 That would be sweet! To me, that's more entertaining than a marching band.
 Excellent, I'll have to email Roger Gooddell the idea and see if I can get it in next years superbowl half time show. In my opinion, anything is better than it has been in the past few years.
 Good start!
 Well Thanks for the Chat!!!
 I find it hard to follow though the yellow line does help. ESPN got an emmy for that.
 Interesting. Wonder why that is, if being left handed would give you a disadvantage? Speaking of which, the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so that he would not be at a disadvantage. He did not want the other team to read his hand signals.
 Yeah, amazing how big a part of our society football has become. Well, nice chatting with you!
 Haha true. That would be funny to see. Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he got his degree in 2 years! Did you take AP classes?
 hello, good what about you?
 oh I adore Super Bowl too, and Tom Brady lol what about Ken Niumatalolo?
 yes he was. his Navy football team started 5-0 before losing six of its final eight games, can you imagine, 5-0 ...
 Every wideout who has played here, there was always one kid that gets it. Just got rolled up on the back, and it happens all the time, and it was unfortunate that it had to be our very, very important player. Do you agree ? I was a little bit confused
 lol, yes maybe. what opinion do you have about Air Force? I personally am not a fan 
 Yes I totally agree with you. And of quarterbacks whom you choose? I for instance definitely Tom Brady
 got it. and what about Alex Smith? Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft, I was so excited to learn about that
 really? so nice of you. Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl, but in my opinion he wasn't the only one
 Yes definitely, I also adore spanish and italian football. what about you?
 Yes maybe lol I like Brady a lot, have you heard that The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0? its ludicrous 
 That's proof of Tom Brady's greatness, he is considered one of the greatest quarterback of all time and I agree with that statement. Can't wait to see him play next week.
 Yeah and watching the offensive team line up directly behind the offensive line to follow the leader, or quarterback
 Yeah, I admire Tom Brady's leadership skills
 I understand it is pink.  Every thing in it is painted  pink.  I find it fascinating the lengths people go to to win a game.
 I am going to say it was a long time ago.  Before league play.  College ball where one team was from a tech school.
 Oh, I dont know.  People often behave how they are expected.  Dress a bunch of dudes up in green and silver, give them face paint and beer.  stuff happens.
 Yes, makes you think that the players and fans had a clear sense of priorities.  I find it is better to follow a player in the NFL than a team.  What player do you like?
 or they don't get caught haha. i know things are a lot tamer there. I visited a few months ago. I would be interested in seeing the nfl have women
 I agree about the male cheerleaders. fraternization rules are pretty big across the league. do you like basketball? I think college ball has a lot of talent in it. Kareem abdul-jabbar was a beast in college and got the dunk shot banned from the NCAA for like a decade.
 even the supreme court justices like basketball...the highest court in the land! 
 With only 9 justices, I don't think they can have a proper game. Well, I enjoyed chatting.
 I like college so much better, pro is just making the owner money with a bunch of entitled players, at least in college the money gets spread our and goes to the school, although Nick Saban has been pretty harsh on his fans lately.
 Yes, and in Australia they play Rugby, which is different but I'm not sure how.  There is also something called Gaelic football, have you ever heard of that?
 Those lines help the viewer so much, I can barely keep track of the ball.  It must be somewhat of a head game, thats why Saban wants people to stay and why the Univ of Iowa has the visiting locker room painted pink?  Wonder if it works?
 I think it sounds kind of funny, wonder how they can get away with that?  But strange things happen, do you know a game once went 222-0, why would they score that high?
 Very smart guy. I like Russel Wilson too. My favorite is Patrick Mahomes.
 That's very interesting. It was good chatting with you as well!
 Have a good day!
 I do too but I love it. There is nothing better than catching a game on the couch in the summer and falling asleep.
 The games are the best. I am a cubs fan so there is nothing better than a day of day drinking at wrigley!
 That is crazy. I go to boys town all the time because they alway have seating for post game drinks. Never have to fight for a seat.
 That is true. I can also tell you that there was a lot of booze in 2016 when we won it. I drank for days. Kind of a hazy few days...
 Yes, I do. Do you watch it?
 I have not seen it but I know it is a cult classic.
 Nice. I think LeBron is remaking it...
 Almost half of the largest stadium belong to american college teams
 Wow.  Guess the zero team was asleep or something.  The Dream Team  lol
 Yes..maybe they were the ones that were sleeping.  That dream team again  lol
 Many impressive players.  MIght spark my football interest  again.  Nice chatting with you.
 There is Canadian Football, Austrailian football and other regional football sports
 I do.  I follow college more than the NFL.  I was always a fan of the Navy Midshipmen.  
 They have had a up and down history over the years.  I also followed Oaklahoma when Baker Mayfield was playing for them.  He is a good QB
 Yes, but I think he will make a lot more money in the NFL than he will playing Halo for a living!
 Yes, he took a lot of college leve courses in high school and it gave him a heads up on his education.  It is good to be smart when you are a QB
 Wow! I might as well move to being a bowler getting three strikes in a row. I am more of a basketball fan. 
 Haha yes I did know that I must say. I also knew that Kellen Moore was the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL, did you know that?
 I do follow the NFL!  Big fan!  Sherman talks smack but he's a good player.
 I know right? lol  Did you know that there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL - Kellan Moore?
 I'm not sure who he plays for.  Honestly never heard of him before today.  That is a cool legacy!
 I do know him!  He broke his leg really bad didn't he this past season?
 That's pretty cool!  Did you know that Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career?  Crazy.
 lol  I wonder why the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink?
 That's what I'm thinking.  The top bowlers in the 1906's made twice as much as the top football stars of that era.
 Nowhere close.  Do you know what the highest score ever was for a football game?
 That's what I call a blowout!  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created for tv?
 That's pretty incredible he never fumbled once.  It was a nice chat!
 HAHAHA! I like it! Do you live in a state where it is legal or do you know a guy?
 I will go with the under and Cumberland. Lock it up! It's my lock of the week!
 It doesn't matter... I am that confident about my Cumberland squad. We're more of a running team anyways. Clock management and special teams. Win the war in the trentches... and other cliches...
 QBs are the worst to listen to. All they do is talk in cliches... And then some moron sports talk hosts tries to disect what they said. They said nothing Sparky and the Bandit!
 You too!
 just like life,,,, if you think more positive, you see more positive things happen
 I think they deserve that Emmy, that yellow line is legit helpful. 
 I am a big NFL fan, my favorite team is the Eagles.
 i like the redskins myself. they are doing really well.
 Oh my gosh! That is so cool! Did you know that Tom Brady never got to start on his high school football team?
 Yeah, I think security staff would notice lol, do you like QBs? I think they hold the most important position in the team. 
 I do like football. Do you like it?
 I do know about that. I actually know the girl who does that. She flies into Indy to do it at the combine too. It's pretty cool.
 It is! She even met Alex Smith. He's really smart! He took so may AP courses in HS that he entered college as a junior!
 HA! I don't blame them. I am watching baseball right now. BAL vs MIN. BAL is up 5 to 3. I am a baseball junkie!
 It lulls them to sleep. Or they got a great deal at sherwin williams. At least they never lost 222-0.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yes you are right! They used the circular huddle to block the hand signals he would give. 
 I agree with you. I love seeing that yellow line on the screen. Great chatting with you as well have a great night.
 Haha yeah, that's clever. Apparently eagles fans are rowdy, didn't know that. It did take them decades to win a super bowl though
 It is, the yellow line is really helpful when watching. By the way, I wonder if players for Army or Air Force have to go through the same military protocol as everyone else
 Same, I had no idea about that. I also didn't know Alex Smith was such a smart guy.
 Yeah, they are really dedicated too. Apparently a high school team played as one of their school buildings was on fire.
 I did not know, but it sure is a useful concept. 
 Interesting, I also learned that there's only one left handed quarterback in the nfl right now. I'm surprised, and it probably gives them some advantage, don't you think?
 I'm great, just a little sorry that Sunday Night Football is over for the year!
 I am a huge fan and I follow the bears. Hopefully I won't go too football nerdy on you!
 I don't blame you if you do! Being around other football fans always gets me pumped up. How did the Bears do last season?
 Made the playoffs but did nothing spectacular there. It was underwhlming. The ravens did well.
 I was rooting for the pats. I know that I am not popular with that opinion but I want to see greatness every week!
 Makes sense. Nice chatting with you!
 of course. Although as a girl, pink is my favorite color.
 I know right, doesnt make sense, the inventor of the game but also the only losing coach, I mean he invented the game, he can always change the rules. 
 You too!
 That is crazy!   I would like to hear some Jupter after some Dixie Chicks!
 haha sure! I'd probably rather listen to that than the finnish radio station that plays news in classic latin, sounds boring!
 Perhaps so.     Do you remember the names of any of the members of the Dixie Chicks?
 I know they are Emily Strayer, Martie Maguire and one other.
 I enjoy country music, and other styles from working class Americans.
 That is funny.    Did you know Jeff Bezos of Amazon is cousins with country music hall of famer George Strait!
 Perhaps those two guys have enough cash to convince U2 to go country full time!
 right, I think it must be adjusted for inflation, trump should release a pop album like the president of Indonesia did haha
 I wonder if they play Jupiter music, LOL? Canada radio is forced to play 40% Canadian music.
 Ya he was worried about jazz music taking over, I guess he didn't have to worry about that after we've seen what actually happened haha
 I hear there are only two African-Americans in the Country Music Hall of Fame. I suspect the Jazz HoF has more than that.
 oh ya I would think so, I buy stuff on amazon and I didn't know George Strait is cousins with Jeff Bezos
 I wonder if anyone in the audience recognized them. Maybe they booed because they were playing Country music.
 haha ya I don't know that would be a lot of drama, can you imagine a TV show based on that? I would watch it haha
 haha, was she a big fan of the Dixie Chicks? I actually don't know, I know Trump would have Kanye West spend the night which would be cool
 I do. Sometimes I listen to it online as well. You can even find he classic dramas on there for free. How about you?
 It's understandable. It's also good to promote education. I think there's a Finnish radio station that ha been doing a news program in classical latin.
 Well, listen, it';s been nice talking to you. We've come a long way since the days of simple diode radios.
 True. Same here, thanks for the nice chat. Have a good one.
 Nope i never knew that which superhero was it
 What styles of music do you enjoy?
 Tell me more about it I have never even heard of it
 Have an awesome day go look up the episode of joe rogan with dean delray on youtube they talk lots of music, Goodnight my friend
 It must have been a cool line! I love wearing black, but If I was a pilgrim I only could have done it on special occasions
 i have never done it , and I can not tell the difference, there is an interesting store in Alabama that sells clothes, do you know why it is special?
 hahahah that would be tragedy and comedy at the same time! Do you like music?
 I love rock! But i found crazy and amazing that a president recorded 3 albums while he was in office!!
 that would be crazy hahaha, i do not think any other president, besides the Indonesian has done that!
 I did not see the current one on the list, but I saw JFK, Washington and Jefferson!
 I found out there was a president called president banana, did you know that?
  Talking about us president houses, you might be surprised to know theirs guest house is larger than the white house!
 Maybe It was not uncommon at that time but it would be crazy today. many things changed, like phones. I remember rotary phones!
 That was interesting to learn! because it was the fastest number to dial!
 Will do, have a good one
 NYC is a great city! Trump is from NYC. Leaders of most republics are referred to as presidents.
 i don't know enough to have an opinion. I am always impressed by those that speak foreign languages though. FDR was the most recent to speak something other than english.
 cell phones have been around since 1930? please tell me more i had a rotary phone all the way up until 2004 
 They have! We have hedy lamarr to thank. She is also responsible for wifi and gps.
 Phones are almost as important as clothes. Good thing we don't put asbestos in them like the greeks did.
 Absolutely! All the textiles available for clothing like skin or thin material give lots of variety for expression.
 HA! That's hilarious. Lose your grip and your clothes will go flying. Apple had a clothing line in 1986.
 If you stay off your phone for a while, unicef will donate a day of clean water to children in need.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, I agree! I love Bruce Lee and it is fascinating that he was a dancer. Did you know that Tupac was also a dancer? 
 Yes, that's awesome! I know that soldiers would use razor blades and pencil as he diode. They were very smart and used what they could get their hands on. 
 I guess the need for human companionship is great! 
 I think you are right. I like to be entertained too. I spend my free time watching shows like Family Guy. Do you watch a lot of tv?
 Alec Baldwin, George Carlin and Ringo Star have all done the kds show Thomas the Tank. I watch that with my kids  a lot. 
 Yeah, everybody is different.
 Daily. I like to tune into the electromagnetic storms of Jupiter on my radio. Sounds a lot like country music, with a less songs about fishing.
 Foxhole radios...that brand never caught on. 
 Well radio has continued to persist despite the dominance of tv. Did you know there is a website you can listen to thousands of classic radio drama episodes for free? Way to keep radio alive!
 Great. Now I can forever feel guilty about missing all the classic radio shows. I hope it is in english--not like that Finnish station that that broadcasts in classical Latin. Talk about a snoozer...
 Sure. I watch reruns of the british version of "That 70s Show." Word-for-word remake of the US show, but it was cancelled after 10 shows.  Bummer. How about you?
 I wouldn't let my children watch the Simpsons when they were young out of fear that they would adopt the persona of Bart Simpson. I missed that episode.
 Like Bruce Lee, I am a great dancer. He won the Hong Kong Cha Cha Championship and I won my wife's heart. Although I went through three pairs of shoes in the process.
 Nice. Do they sell that device at Shoe Carnival? I would buy it. Does it work for ballet? Tupac was a high school ballet dancer. I wonder if he patented any fancy ballet devices.
 Nice. When I hear music, I just feel like dancing. Don't you? They say babies spontaneously dance to music too!
 Yup. Dance is defined as a performing art form consisting of purposeful selected sequences of human movement. Obviously, they never saw me dance. Thanks for chatting with me!
 I'm surprised the coach didn't tell his Georgia Tech players to lay off a little.  Someone who always did his best was Benjarvus Green-Ellis because he never fumbled in his entire career.
 I completely agree. I have to go now, it was nice chatting with you!
 It was good talking to you!
 Yes on ESPN usually also on Fox
 I would be someone that likes soccer, could say it's in my blood.
 The fans in soccer stadium like to sing songs, often they change the words, making fun of a player or team but to the same tune.
 I understand the FIFA world cup will be in the US in 2026, that gives us some time to work on a song, I guess, more importantly, work on our soccer team.
 Are you a football fan? I would love to see a female player soon in the NFL since there is no rule against it!
 I watch a lot of it.  Even the new AAL league.  Did you know that the NFL has no unwritten rule against female players?
 I wonder if we ever will?  The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!  Such a short time for a game that lasts 3 hours.
 The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player.  Probably due to the longer career and engineer has.
 Yes they put the chips in the players shoulder pads and footballs to record data.
 Yes.  He broke his leg playing for the Redskins last season.  He is pretty smart as he graduated college in only 2 years with a bachelor's degree.
 Yes!  Are you a Patriots fan?
 They play at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Mass. and are the current super bowl champs.
 yes!  lol  I find it interesting that there's only 1 left handed QB in the NFL - Kellan Moore.  It's been fun chatting!
 Have a great night!
 Right now he plays for the Cleveland Browns, but he used to be a quarterback at the University of Oklahoma.
 I've actually read that. He must be a really smart guy! 
 Yeah, I'm not sure how I feel about them. I do like Tom Brady though.
 The Patriot's have turned out to be a great team. Bill Bellichek is a great coach.
 Good question. I think they could still stand a chance. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day!
 Bye!
 Thank you for chatting with me tonight. It's been very interesting.
 Yeah thank you as well, it was nice. 
 I am as well. My team made the playoffs and also recently won a Super Bowl so it's been a good couple of years for them.
 Yes I am an Eagles fan. We had a wild ride this season, I'm just happy we made the playoffs. The Super Bowl this year was a lot duller than Super Bowl 52.
 I think a lot of NFL fans were since we were playing the Patriots. Foles really made for a great feel-good story.
 I do have to give credit to Brady and the Patriots as much as I don't care for them. Winning 6 Super Bowls is an amazing achievement.
 No, I am not.  I am a Cowboys fan.  Foles is good though
 Yes. very much
 No. It moves along quickly enough
 that's because it's so quick. the plays are like bang, bang
 Yeah, I like this type of action. You know when it startd and you know when it stops, unlike other sports. 
 The plays are only a few seconds but they are action packed.
 The Green Bay Packers
 The Patriot Coach is smart. So is the organization. They will find someone, they always find players out  of nowhere.
 Hello are you a football fan?
 Awesome!  I like Brady as well.  Know anything interesting about him?
 I know that when he was on the Junipero Serra high school JV team his team had a horrible season where they failed to win a game or even score a TD.  Tom was the backup QB and the coach never attempted to start him the whole season.
 That's funny!  Bill Belichick is the winningest coach in the NFL postseason with 21 wins!
 I think it's because it goes back to where there were 2 leagues and when they combined leagues they created 2 divisions.  lol
 I think that might be a good possibility someday.  Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
 The game is getting pretty technical.  Baker Mayfield from the Browns almost quit football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  That would have been a risky move.
 lol nice.  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard so the other team couldn't read his hand signals?
 Nice!  I saw where he graduated college in only 2 years with a bachelor's degree!
 Yes he had a lot of High AP scores, what I think is interesting is that the quarterback is the most important player on the team, they touch the ball on almost every offensive play
 Yes!  Here's a funny stat: The Cleveland Browns last win was in 1995 against the Patriots.  Belichick was the coach of the Browns and was his first playoff win and only win ouside of being the head coach of the Patriots!  It's been fun chatting!
 Thank you it's been a great chat! And keep an eye on those Patriots because I want them winning in Gillette stadium all year long!
 Yes!  Have a great night!
 Yes, I love football. What about you?
 Yeah that was a big upset.  Foles did a great job.
 If you look at the stats,  Foles was the first quarterback in NFL history with completions of more than 40 yards to three different receivers in a postseason game.
 Yeah, the NFL is a passing league and the patriots need to step up their pass defense.
 I heard women are allowed to play if they met the league's eligibility requirements. 
 In a few weeks the super bowl will be here!!! First Sunday in February!! 
 Yes, I can't wait!
 Yay go Patriots!!!! I really hope they win, and wonder if he will retire if they do. I would if I were him. He has had a good run and I would want to go out on a good note! Besides kickers he is one of the oldest players in the game.
 I completely agree! Tom Brady should go out on a good note winning the Super Bowl!
 That's going to be a tough call...he might have a tough time beating Brady's super bowl wins.
 Yes!  I find it funny that the Browns' last playoff win was in 1995 against the Patriots and the winning coach that day was Belichick!  It would be his first playoff win ever and the only playoff win he's had as a head coach outside of the Patriots!!
 lol Yes!  Speaking of the Browns...their QB Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue a full time competative gaming career!  That would have been a risky move.
 He claims that he was able to beat anyone at the University of Oklahoma one on one in Halo 3 - so I would guess that's his game of choice.  lol
 True!  I never thought of it that way.  Bill Belichik is the winningest coach in the NFL postseason with 21 wins!
 I've seen so many super bows I can't remember....what happened?  lol
 Ahhh....I kind of remember now!  Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?  I don't even know who he is! LOL
 I think they mean currently....Vick was too...lol  What is the reason for the circular huddle?
 That's interesting!  The author of the Game of Thrones called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL! lol It's been fun chatting with you!
 Thanks, it was good to chat with you as well. I hope you have a good rest of the night, take care!
 You too also have a good night too!
 I guess while you have someone like Mayfield being a great gamer, someone else like Alex Smith is just a great student.  The guy got his bachelor's degree in two years!
 I will be watching it with my wife and kids -- it's sort of a tradition. Have a good one!
 Hello,  do you watch football? Did you know women can play football?  I had no idea!  That is amazing!
 LOL... no I do not :) But I do enjoy watching Bill Belichick lose in the super bowl! LOL
 WOW... that is amazing!  Well... it's been great chatting!  Have a good one!
 Yes he's awesome! Also awesome is Kellen Moore oh, he's the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL and I think that gives him an advantage
 I am a bears fan. You must have been happy about the Super Bowl then!
 That's really interesting. Like an engineer has higher earnings than football players?
 Over their lives. I would become an engineer if they made like $25M annually! I could fake that!
 Me too! I would love if my wife made double what I made!
 Not sure. The George RR Martin calls the patriots "the lannisters of the nfl." HA!
 I think, with the recent addition of odel beckham, he made the right choice!
 I didn't. It was great chatting with you!
 Yes I absolutely love football and I am also a fan of Tom Brady
 Well im glad he is doing better. I heard a rumor that Bill Belichick has more superbowl wins as a couch that any other coach in the NFL
 He was and he has experience.  I think that he can learn the team atmosphere.
 Nice chatting with you.  We have learned something new today. 
 Thats exactly what happened lol, still, sounds like an impossible event lol, 
 It was good talking to you!
 hi! do you like football?
 That is exciting to leave Maryland for him!
 I can't believe he had 30 other scouts looking at him!
 Yes, I wonder the average years an NFL player stays in the league.
 That is a long time! I wonder his net worth.
 It is funny that the buffalo bills are equal to the patriots in super bowl losses
 I am pretty sure they decide on the plays. Should they throw, run, which direction. There is no rule that a female could not be a part of it as long as she meets all the league requirements.
 Seems like football still has a long way to go. They should keep practicing to be great players and great human beings.
 Yeah that was smart. Nice chatting with you
 It was nice chatting with you, I will read more about space.
 Yes he does and it doesn't hurt to have Tom Brady. He may not always have the best stats but he shows up during the big games.
 I feel that Nick Foles is a good quarterback who the Philadelphia Eagles are lucky to have along with Wentz.
 Yes, he completed three touchdowns on the game last sunday
 That would be interesting to know. We are getting close to the super bowl which is held usually the first sunday in february
 Cool. did you know that an NFL has only 11 minutes of gameplay in average?
 Yes, It would be super nice to have a team with a woman player. Did you know New Orleans Saints forbids the cheerleaders from eating at the same restaurant as the players?
 If the cheerleader is eating in a restaurant and a player comes, they have to leave. Can you believe it?
 I had no idea, interesting fact. also did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed NFL quarter ack in the NFL, I would think there would be more
 Cool.  Do yo like the new england patriots?
 I like the denver broncos, i would like to visit all the stadiums. Like the Gillette Stadium, where the patriots play
 that is funny. It is also funny that in a superbowl, a team was avoiding to score a touchdown
 It has created some drama. the team who avoided scoring was the New York giants and this happen in the super bowl 46
 Thank you for chatting with me today!  I can't wait to watch some playoff football this weekend!
 have a nice day!
 You too!!
 Hi, how are you?
 A lot of quarterbacks are actually really smart and well educated.  Alex smith earned his bachelor's degree in 2 years.  I didn't even know that was possible.
 I do not think those chips will replace refs.  By the way, why did the author of the games of thrones call the New England Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL?  I'm curious to know.
 He's a good one that's for sure.  He went to Junipero Serra high school and his JV football team had a season that was so bad that they failed to score a TD or win a game for an entire season and yet they never attempted to start Brady who was the backup QB.
 I did watch it!  It's always on the first Sunday in February.  lol
 It was more of a defensive game.  Bill Belichick has won 21 games in the post season - the most ever.  20 came with the Patriots and 1 with the Browns.
 Pretty much.  I'm sure he has a few losses too.  Weird stat: The Buffalo Bills are equal to the New England Patriots in super bowl losses.  lol
 Yes. lol  Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
 Yes.  Be nice if it was 60 minutes of full on live gameplay.  lol  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
 Nice.  The NFL has no written rule that prevents female players from playing.  I wonder if we'll see one anytime soon?
 I was thinking maybe a kicker?  I don't think a girl could take some of those hits.  I've had fun!  It was nice chatting with you and I hope you have a great day!
 Yep I agree that seems really dumb. If I were the cheerleaders I would be pissed haha. I do think football can be boring though because apparently they're only about 11 minutes of actual live gameplay for every game. I believe it
 Some people don't like them because they win so much, but I don't mind them.  Belichick is a pretty accomplished coach, even if he is slightly grumpy at times: 15 AFC East titles is nothing to sneeze at.
 I think they were okay, I wish they'd have held onto Tyrod Taylor, he's one of my favorite QBs in the league. He's so good.
 Great chatting with you too, hope you have a good rest of the evening!
 Yep I've seen them all. I can't wait for the new season though! Back to the Patriots though, it's crazy that the Patriots have won 20 postseaons wins with coach Bill Belichick, thats impressive!
 No I am not. However, I like Tom Brady. He is my favorite quarterback.
 Wow, I did not know that. The first German citizen to be drafted in the NFL is Sebastian Vollmer. I found that interesting
 Oh yeah! I forgot about Mayfield! He is having a great year too! I mean, Cleveland has finally won some games this year!
 That's trusting your receiver right there.  I like how he can throw on the run and with either hand-impressive!
 So long as they work that's all that matters!
 Very good! Do you enjoy football?
 Yes, the NFL cool! did you know the NFL only has one left handed QB?
 I think so too. His name is Kelan Moore
 Seems like! I heard there was once a deaf QB!!
 they created the circular huddle for him
 Did you know the NFL has no rule against female players!
 That is right! did you know the average play. Has only 11 minutes average live gameplay
 Yes, despite that is a lot of fun
 basketball is cool too! something that makes it very interesting is all the info that is tracked with chips
 And makes it more competitive! we an compare numbers between players and their passes!
 have a good one
 Absolutely!  Out of the 32 teams, who is your favorite team?
 Nice.. i like the vikings!  But my heart belongs to the eagles!
 I'm sure you were happy they beat the Patriots last year in the super bowl huh?
 OMG yessss!  Honestly i am happy to just see the patriots lose to anyone!!!
 Well, I'm sure that doesn't keep Tom up at night.  He probably sleeps pretty good dreaming about all his money in the bank! Lol
 Great chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
 Yes! With 32 teams there is always football on in my house during the season.
 I really like all of them. What about you? The best part about the game is usually the first Sunday in February when it is time for the Super Bowl. I love the commercials and the overall fun of it. 
 Yes, I agree. Did you know there Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL?
 Hi there! How are you tonight? I am wondering if you are a football fan?
 Yes, and for sure then! I watch all the time since there are 32 NFL teams.
 A little, but I still love it. Can you believe there are typically only 11 minutes in an average NFL game?
 Yes and over a lifetime an engineer earns more than the typical NFL player.
 That is true. I do like some of the NFL rules pertaining to females. Have you heard any?
 It is interesting that they put the tracking chips in player shoulder pads to track their every move. I guess it must help with game plans.
 I think that would help. It was nice chatting with you as well. Take care.
 You too. Thank you.
 Lol, yeah they sure have been together and winning forever it seems.  Same here, good talking, I hope you have a good night!
 I concur.  But honestly, he does not look like a scientist at all.  Hahaha
 You too! :)
 Yeah, not cool. I also would have figured there would be more with PhD's . 
 Really? That is weird. Can you believe the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?
 Yes, I would think so too. No I really do not listen to the radio. It was nice chatting today! Have a good day.
 Yes, I've heard they published a generic comic book in order to do so, they also trademarked the word super-villain.
 Yes, very clever. Did you know about the website where you can listen to 1000's of episodes of classic radio dramas for free?
 Yes, it would be good to pass the time. Have you heard about the radio storms on Jupiter?
 Yes, at least 40% has to be Canadian. If the US did that, then maybe they'd be on our radio less!
 For sure, but to be fair there are some great Canadian artists. I'm a big fan of Rush, Neil Young and lots more. Maybe Canadian radio isn't so bad.
 You too. Happy radio listening!
 Thank you!
 Nice!  So am I.  It was good to see them win another Super Bowl.  Did you know that Belichik lists Brady on the injury report every week even though nothing is wrong with him? lol  That guy really messes with his opponents minds.
 No doubt!  ..and ewww....funny that he's never eaten a strawberry his entire life but he likes the taste of avocado.
 He might be.  I haven't read the book yet.  Did you know he is considered the biggest steal in the history of the NFL draft?
 I believe it!! For sure. Only player in history to do what he's done!!
 Have you ever seen his documentary Tom vs Time?  I think you can see it on facebook watch.  It's really good.  Did you know when he was in high school his JV team was so bad they failed to win a game or score a TD the whole season and they never attempted to start the backup QB who was Brady?
 No doubt! lol  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB named Paul hubbard so the other team couldn't steal his hand signals?
 That's an awesome stats.  I hope he plays for a few more years.  That would be cool to see.  Did you know he never threw more than 30 TD's in a year prior to 2007 and then he threw for a then record 50 that year?
 Very cool! He's the best! The Patriots and Tom Brady has a devoted group of fans for sure!!
 Ok.  I'm going to have to look him up.  I've never heard of him.  Did you know that Browns QB Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a competitive gaming career.  That would have been a big gamble.
 That was a sign of the times. lol  Sure isn't like that now.  Bowling, baseball, boxing, and horse racing were huge back then and now all those sports have declined big time.
 That is one impressive stat!  I have to get running.  I loved talking football with you!
 Ditto! Great chat!!
 Have a good one!
 Wow that's amazing. Good talking with you!
 I wonder what they are using the data for. They have chips in their combine uniforms too. That is always interesting to see the measurements of speed and agility.
 The science of sport is becomign really sophistocated with analytics and the amount and quality of measurement.
 That's really impressive. I do not think he had 30 TDs in a season before that. What a jump!
 I like Gronk too. he seems fun.
 He is a player, a quarterback. nice chat.
 I think that is super cool. Alex smith is a smart guy by working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft. 
 And I think he needs to try a strawberry lol
 I love the NFL!
 I see that. Be neat to see a woman take the field one day.
 Wonder when they started doing that?  The Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at a  restaurant at the same time as an NFL player.  Odd rule there.
 That's kind of odd? lol  His wife Gisele makes more than double what Tom makes.
 Yes.  I think she's one of the most demanded top models in the world.  Brady is considered the biggest steal in the history of the NFL draft due to him being selected in the 6th round.
 No he doesn't.  What's funny...speaking of injuries...Bill Belichick lists Brady on the injury report every week even though he is fine.  Probably to mess with who they are playing that week.
 I don't know who he is. I'll google him.  Do you know who created the circular huddle?
 hey im good. did you watch the patriots in the superbowl
 yes he was drafted in 2000 and was born in 1977 so he is so old to still be winning! He has won 5 superbowls now. i didnt know the NFL is in two conferences. 
 i agree - with all the studies coming out - he has enough money! he is so competitive i would think. he sure can call some plays though
 i hope he becomes one of the news guys calling on games. did you know they have chips in their shoulder pads  to track the moves on the field?
 that would be so fun to watch - a bit of artificial ingellance with the GOAT - he even has a rule named after him
 Yes, I am. Do you follow all the QB controversies?
 I was always a Peyton fan. The guy was so dedicated to his craft, but I admire that about Brady too. 
 I say it is his decision to avoid strawberries.  I would like to see a statistician compare strawberry consumption vs NFL titles. Those stats would be about as meaningful as any...
 I'm a nutritarian, and berries are among the most revered of super foods. Strawberry extracts have even been used to inhibit cancer growth in laboratory studies. Brady doesn't know what he is missing. He probably has a allergy to them or something,..
 That would definitely make sense because I know they are one of the best fruits to eat because they aren't as sugary as others. I love mixing a nice bowl of different types of berries and sometimes add them into my water.
 It definitely wasn't strawberries! I know he has his own nutrition line now. I wonder if I can throw for 50 touchdowns after eating that.
 He also has a supermodel for a wife. That doesn't hurt him any! Especially since she makes more $ than he does!
 That's a nice safety blanket to have. It was fun talking QBs with you! Have a great day!
 Hi, have yo heard about Tom brady?
 Well, I found interesting that he has never eaten a strawberry!
 Maybe that is the secret to be a five time super bowl winner!!
 There is someone who lists him as being in the injury report every week!
 And maybe she eats strawberries!! Did you know a women could play in the NFL
 If they meet the qualifications they could play. But i doubt It will happen anytime soon.. But the situation of some cheerleaders is kind of unfair
 Makes no sense to me! Well did you know there is only one left handed quarter back in the NFL?
 His name is Paul Hubbard and he created the circular huddle
 I agree! Have a good one
 Hahaha, that's the way I see it, that kick maybe to determine the game winner.
 There is some sort of league with gals in bikinis. Not very serious. Anyway, thanks for the chat!
 Yes you are right, welcome, I enjoyed the chat.
 Thank you
 Merry Christmas
 I could barely graduate in 4 years and this guy is doing it in 2! What a show off!
 They just got Jalen Hurts and based on their transfer history at QB, he is going to win the Heisman...
 You and everyone outside of Boston! I just want good games. I would prefer a new team to watch but the way they beat the Chargers last week put it in doubt. Reid is a better coach than Lynn though so he probably will be better prepared.
 Same here.  Out of the 32 teams I would have to say that Cleveland is my favorite team.  Do you have a favorite?
 lol  That's why I chose Cleveland.  Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players?
 I think we might at some point.  Possibly as a kicker or punter I'm thinking.  
 I think they could play the positions.  It's getting hit that worries me.  Maybe that is why the NFL is using tracking chips now in the shoulder pads.  Maybe they are gathering data that could be used to gauge how hits effect certain players.
 I think that's funny!  I think Belichick does it play mental games with the team they are playing next.
 Seems to work pretty well the Patriots are definitely considered one of if not the best team in the league. It's interesting that QB's are so important to the team, I think it's funny that Tom Brady was snubbed in middle school by his team as the QB.
 That's is pretty funny.  He is considered one of the biggest steals in the history of the NFL draft due to him being drafterd in the 6th round.
 That's crazy to me, he's considered one of the best QB's of all time but he was overlooked in the drafts. I wonder if some of those other coaches are kicking themselves.
 I agree.  I think he is the best just because he knows how to win.  He had never thrown 30 TD passes in a season prior to 2007 so it goes to show that the best stats always don't produce a winning formula.
 That's interesting!  The average earnings of an engineer are higher than that of the average earnings than an average NFL or MLB player.  Probably because they have longer careers.
 Isn't Kellen Moore the only left handed QB in the NFL?  I have to get running.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Hi, do you like football?
 Yes, football is one of my favorite sport, do you like the sport also?
 Yes, I love it! did you know women may be allowed to play?
 Well for football you need to be really tall and strong, have a strong mens body. So i find it difficult!
 That would be weird, I was really surprised to learn that the actual time of live play is in average 11 minutes!!
 I believe it is true, the game stops all the time, but I do not mind. Because I love and enjoy football. Do you know about the circular huddle?
 Well it is circular so thet the other team does not see or listen to the teams conversation. But it is intereseted it was created because of a deaf QB
 Yeah that is really cool, that a deaf player could be a QB
 I think it is interesting how some considered their education important, like Alex Smith, who took many tests in High School and got his Bachelors in 2 years
 That is right, and on the other hand , another QB, wanted to trade sports to become a competitive videogame player, good he didn't do it
 I really like the Denver Broncos, what about you?..
 My favorite team is Pittsburgh Steelers, It was nice chatting with you.
 Like which one and what are they for?
 Yes thanks for the chat. Have a good evening.
 Okay.
 Wow that is even more impressive. Nice chatting with you :)
 I agree!  He is considered to be the biggest steal in the history of the NFL draft.
 Yes.  He was selected in the 6th round of the 2000 draft.  Best pick Kraft ever made for the Patriots.
 I did read that somewhere.  She's one of the top models in the world.
 I agree he was the 199th pick in that draft
 Tom Brady was the 199th pick in the 2000 draft.  Since 2002, the super bowl has not included either Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, or Ben Roethlisberger playing on the field.  Crazy stat.
 Is it the Patriots?  lol
 The Patriots thats correct!!! you are the winner lol
 He's still playing.  He is on the downside of his career.  He probably only has a few seasons left at most.  Did you know that there is only one left handed QB in the NFL and that is Kellan Moore?
 Yes.  They are almost the same age.  Tom is a few years older.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 haha they should! or maybe that's what leads to success in life, never eating strawberries! maybe it unlocks a superpower
 haha that is true, do you want the patriots to win? I do personally
 well I guess most NFL games only have about 11 mins of actual live gameplay, so depending on your definition of boring that could be good or bad too haha
 haha that is true, have you seen the Video of Tom Brady kissing his son? like he literally give him two big kisses on the lips, its kind of bizarre 
 ya it could be, it's so weird though that if a player comes in, the cheerleader is required to get up and leave the restaurant though, it seems unneccessary
 ya it seems like he couldn't see the future talent, I guess Brady is considered a massive "steal" because of the team that got him in the draft, so it looks like even during the draft he was under-valued
 that is true, football is a team effort and any one player is useless without working with the others on the team
 I think you may be on to something perhaps, I don't completely disagree with you but the other team should have noticed it as well. I feel however he is among the greatest quarterbacks to ever play the game. 
 I agree with you! Let someone new win. Who is your NFL team by the way?
 Agreed! I hope the Cowboys can pull it off this year, that would make me so happy even though I don't like Jerry Jones. 
 Have a good one! It's been a pleasure!
 Me too!  Maybe not as a line backer, if there was one, she'd probably be a Big Bertha.  No offense, if your name is Bertha. lol
 I doubt he is still dog fighting. That's interesting about Brady. Well, it was very nice talking to you. Have a good day.
 Nice chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
 The NFL is one of the major sports league in North America.
 The NFL regular season starts from September to December, each team want to play 16 games.
 Green Bay Packers won 13th time championship.  There was no written rule against female players.
 All are equal but they want to fit to the game. Very aggressively want to win the game. Keep focus on the game.
 It is very interesting. Handling pressure is very difficult in this game.
 Bill Belichick is the best coach forever. He also check the injury report of Tom Brady every week.
 Tom brady has never eaten a strawberry in his entire life.
 The circular huddle used in today American football was created by Paul d. hubbard, a def quarterback
 Yeah. This type of tactics are used by Quarterback only.
 He is so creative...
 No. Brady was drafted by the patriots in the sixth round of the 2000 NFL Draft.
 I watched the superbowl this year. I enjoyed seeing Brady at the helm of another superbowl victory. Thats gotta be a record, right?
 Amazing how well Brady has done considering that he was a steal, being drafted in the sixth round!
 I remember that season. Everyone said Belichick was nuts for replacing Bledsoe with this 6th-round nobody. Nobody says that anymore!
 I can go back furter than that! Do you realize that since 2002, only 2 superbowls have  not included either Brady, Manning, or Roethlisberger? Franchise QBs!
 Yeah, but I don't think Manning has a rule named after him, like Brady does! I'm not knocking Peyton. He's my idol!
 Is there an NFL rule against that?  Or maybe they put one of their tracking chips in the strawberries, and Peyton is now tracked like the balls, shoulder pads, etc. Tricks on the NFL though. Peyton was never that fast that you would need a tracking chip.
 I'l have to remember to never wear my football jersey in New Orleans again. Maybe I'm not a rocket scientist like coach Matt Patricia, but I know that don't want to chase away any of the CLs. 
 Yeah, but engineers seldom hear the roar of the crowd chanting their names. In Cleveland, nobody hears their names chanted. Did you know since the 1999 new browns started up, the QB with the most victories in Browns stadium wasn't even a Browns QB? It was Roethlisberger, particularly painful since he is a rival QB!
 Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr. did a nice job again yesterday, securing his place in Superbowl history. Did you watch the game?
 I live near Foxboro MA so I was very happy when the Pats won. Though I do not follow football that much. I watched part of the game.
 Brady's wife, the model Gisele Bundchen, was in attendance at the game. The announcers talked of her but never mentioned that she makes more money than her huisband.
 Yeah. Belechick lists Brady on injury report every week, whether he is injured or not, just to play with our minds.
 Pretty impressive. You wouldn't know it by his demeanor, but Brady has never eaten a strawberry before. Maybe when he retires...
 I always wondered why, if women are allowed to play in the NFL, that no one ever tried to get on a team.  Wouldn't it be prejudice if they were good players not to let them on a team?
 Have you ever tried to survive through a summer camp in the NFL, in hopes of not getting cut before the season? If less than 0.01% of willing and eligible male players make it to play in the NFL, then let's do the math on the willing and eligible women athletes that try out each each. 0.01% of what number should we choose before we see a female starer in the nfl?
 I'd vote yes, but the average lifetime earning for an engineer is higher than the average for an NFL player. Women are too practical to risk losing teeth if the payoff is inferior.  
 I was a wrestler, and in college, the typical wrestling match is only 7 minutes of go-time, but in that time, one can earn a lifetime of injuries. Unfortunately, I speak from experience. I wonder, if a female player was on the Saints football team, would the Saints cheerleaders change their rule about not being able to dine in the same restaurant?
 I wonder if it is true in the off-season too. Imagine being a cheerleader and panicking every time someone with a football jersey walks into your restaurant.  Oh, well, the gruelling 17-week season is over for another year. We will have to wait a while before the next season starts. Until then, we get to hear pundits recite sports trivia for a year.
 I think ESPN is doing a 2-hr special on discrimination in the NFL. The only topic to be discussed is why Kellen Moore is the ONLY left-handed QB in the league. That's social justice for you...
 It is rather strange that he is the only one. I wonder how it effects him and the other players? I think you are being ironical, but that's OK. lol
 If you could see my lips moving you would be able to tell. But, like the huddle, not being able to see the signals helps to protect secrecy. You will just never know! But it has been nice conversing with you! Chow!
 That is really good. I like Tom Brady a lot myself. I just think he's so good that it's undeniable. But it is weird that you've never eaten a strawberry before LOL
 Absolutely! Bill Belichick is great too by the way, him and Tom Brady have either won or lost the Super Bowl by three or four points all six times apparently
 Agreed entirely! Hey, did you know Bill actually lists Brady on the injury report each week even though he never shows any sign of an injury? Ha! I think that's funny! 
 I love football! How about you?
 I actually didnt either. I know that the Patriots won because my boyfriend hates them. Lol. 
 Did you know that there is no written rule against a female player in the nfl.
 Yeah I dont really see it happening. I know I wouldnt want to play in the NFL. I would be afraid of getting hurt.
 I think I would rather be an engineer. they actually average more over a lifetime than nfl players do.
 That is true. I know I wouldnt want to be a Saints cheer leader. They have to leave a restaurant if a player walks in.
 Bye.
 Maybe they're worried about his touchdown passes. LOL
  have no idea as to why they would do that.Brady has reached 200 regular season wins. He is the only one.
 Yes. Well, it's been great talking to you. Have a wonderful day!
 And one for me?  Nice chatting with you!
 And I know a bit more about football!!
 I know some get pretty excited about the new tech, but I am more interested in unique players like Kellan Moore, the sole lefty QB in the NFL.
 Agreed. I think I would enjoy seeing a woman coach in the NFL. The NFL has no rules against female players, if they are eligible, but it would start with a female coach.
 Yeah.  These days romances could be between offensive linemen... Probably not defensive linemen...they do not get along with anyone! You know, the avg playtime iin a game is only 11 minutes?
 I could count them on one finger...
 Plays are designed witht he QB in mind, and the teams are drafted and staffed to protect the QBs blind spot. So, if yo have a rt-hander, it is hard to change mid-stream. But Elway and Kelley were two very successful lefties.
 He has so many records, has more NFL rings than any other QB, has shown tremendous longevity, and he married a gorgeous model. So, he is not over-rated. Not overpaid either, for his wife makes more $ than he does...
 He has the skills and abilities to perform elsewhere, but no denying that he and Belichick have been a fab team. Their Superbowl victories togethr speak volumes.
 I think so. Why else would a vegan turn them down?
 It's a common allergy. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Same here. Oh, and Kellan Moore is a lefty QB...
 Good to know! Have a good night!
 Yeah I think he was the first overall pick way back in 2005 as well. It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 Better something than nothing. Nice chat
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 fraternizing- sorry, I always see things with a sexual twist... lol
 Yeah... google how she looks... You'll understand... ;) lol
 I really like football but I did not know there was a chance women could be eligible
 If one meets the requirements, they could play. remember Giselle Bundchen?
 She is Tom Brady's wife. She is a famous model and earns more than twice what Tom makes!
 With the salary she earns  I do not think she would be interested in playing football LOL
 I found interesting that Brady never ate strawberry in his whole life!!
 Oh that is good!! Did you know what the average of actual game is in a football match?
 That is right! I was surprised, I thought it was way more, but still is really exciting to me!
 Is all part of the show!! Do yo know how info on players performance is obtained?
 True, they put them in their shoulder pads, those must be very resistant!
 that is right!! Talking about Quarter backs, did you know there is only one left handed?
 How many Super Bowls has he won now? He is a beast and still pretty young!
 same.  Tom Brady is the GOAT
 I think it's crazy that An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 You got it. I did see where one of the teams was making the cheerleading uniforms more modest though.
 hahah go figure. nice chat
 But hey, in Guatemala presidents or former presidents can't legally run for president. Ha! It was super nice chatting with you as well!
 Have a good one.
 I never heard that before!  Teddy Roosevelt was such a staunch conservationist that he banned christmas trees from the white house.
 I could totally see that. He is the reason that we have a lot of the national parks we have now. He really loved the outdoors and knew it needed to be preserved. 
 I agree.  We started getting the live Christmas trees a few years ago for Christmas and we then plant them in the yard.  It's kind of neat to watch them grow and not have to kill a tree just to use it for a week or two.
 Totally! It is always encouraging to see our nation's leaders take care of the planet like when Bush put solar panels back on the white house. Alternative energy is the future. 
 I agree!  I'm surprised to see that the white house was shot at on Nov. 11, 2011 and it took the secret service 4 days to discover it.  Think they would have caught that right away?
 I know!  The white house still uses floppy disks to store files.  You would think they would upgrade to flash drives?
 I never noticed that.  LOL I'm going to have to take a look.  Do you remember rotary phones?
 LOL  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone!
 I'm not sure.  I've read about that and supposedly it's impossible to separate them.
 It was an amazing episode. They literally needed two tanks to pull them apart. I'm going out on a limb and saying that the average human can't do it. Crazy how strong just simple paper is. 
 That's crazy!  lol  Did you know that an iphone has more computing power than the entire US neclear ICBM deterrent?
 I know! lol  Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.  Sounds like a good idea!
 I've had fun!  Have a good day!
 I think Their testimonies illuminate sharp contrasts between the current EPA and earlier ones, under both Republican and Democratic administrations. Is it right?
 Of course this is acceptable.
 I think During a raucous debate over atomic energy, Tricky Dicky cracked it.
 This thing makes me interesting. Do you more about that details?
 Of course this is acceptable. Do you like to hearing radio?
 I really like to hear radio. 
 Maybe, Radio plays an important role in introducing listeners to new music and artists. CRTC policies and regulations ensure that Canadian works are played on Canadian radio stations.
 This is a good thing. I like it very much. 
 Do you know Nuntii Latini is a Finnish news service that broadcasts in Latin?
 Sorry, i do not know fully about those details. 
 It could be in 1800.
 That is good for people who like them and who have time.  Free is always good.
 My favorites!  Anyway, I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Have a wonderful evening.
 It might depend on how well you can dance. I think there's something innately in us that wants to move to the beat of music though because babies naturally dance when they hear music
 I am not at all surprised. Talking about basketball, James Naismith was the inventor of basketball.
 Wow! That sure is a lot. Sounds expensive.
 maybe. if not he should make a federal case out of it. After all scotus has a basketball court on its top floor. so he's got a good shot at winning
 I wonder if they are allowed to dunk.
 yeah. i like their cheerleaders too. except the saints ones, you never get to see them in restaurants where the players are. 
 yeah...they should at least put tracking chips on the players so they can warn the cheerleaders. 
 someone should investigate and make a film about it. maybe put in on netflix...they got a lot of eyeballs watching
 hey...if they are fast enough to dodge players in restaurants, they could probably do it on the filed too
 Same here, have a good one
 I'm an avid reader as well. I tend to take my time reading books though, nothing like Anne Jones, who reads at 4,700 words per minute!
 Nice! Those are really funny shows. Apparently when South Park aired its Family Guy episode finale, the Simpson's crew sent flowers to the producers.
 Me too. It was great talking to you!
 I agree. I am pretty sure the "i'll be waiting with my gun" is a jokey threat that has been around for decades.
 I love that team!!!
 I am familiar with some of his work.  The Wire is one of the best shows I have ever seen.
 I know him more for his work in TV as oppossed to his novels.  He also wrote a show called 'Treme about New Orleans that was very good.
 I remember when the Wire was on, everyone was talking about it but I didn't have HBO at the time.  I saw the series several years later, they were excellent.
 I seem to read a lot more now that I have gotten older.  I really enjoy sci fi such as Ender's Game
 I'm looking forward to the day of the self driving cars, then I can do whatever I want in the car.
 I think the basketball-themed introductions on Jeopardy are fun.
 Yeah it's certainly interesting how the same sports differ in different areas. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good day!
 I know that's a tactic to intimidate the other team. I'm more into basketball since in 39 out of 50 states a college basketball or football coach is the highest paid state employee.
 Yes I've always wondered about the name difference between the United States and the rest of the world. I personally like American football though. I can't stand soccer
 Great idea! Good way to get exercise during your workday!!
 Yes they've really used technology in a way that enhances the viewing of the game.
 Awwww, that is a neat memory though how cool! Too bad one wasnt in mint condition.lol
 That is a good one! I'd like to see the justices playing a pickup game after court.
 Yeah, it might be pretty slow pick me up.lol The granny shots might start comin out.
 I'd want to see some dunks haha. It would be a way more fun way to settle some of their cases when they disagree.
 That must be how he developed his famous skyhook! That shot was unstoppable unless you were Wilt Chamberlain. It was fun chatting basketball with you!
 That's so Canada... Imagine finding $3M in baseball cards!
 What a great surprise! I would have liked to know while he was alive though so I could say thank you! Have you seen japanese baseball?
 Yes. I think that is because they see the difference and don't understnad the way we watch vs the way they experience.
 HA! Can you imagine Joe Maddon picking up a bat and taking a few swings?
 I do. I like basketball and football. 
 I wonder if they do that because it's distracting? Did you know that an Emmy was given to ESPN?
 For the yellow line? Nice chatting with you!
 I like football too. Although there are a lot of kinds of football, especially soccer, I enjoy American football. 
 Yeah. The patriots are a Phenom. Someone should try painting their locker room Pink
 But did he fumble twice? Either way, he probably made as much as a top bowler
 In the 60
 Dunno...but that puts Roe v Wade in a different light. Was it Dwayne Wade? Maybe James Naismith knows
 Yeah.. then he lost it
 Yep. Ironic. it's like 10,000 balls when all you need is a bat
 That's big in Japan
 Wonder what they call Polo? Hopefully they come up with better names for their teams than "tall blacks"
 yes for sure.  I think its funny that teams like Iowa paint the opposing teams locker room pink
 Yes. Well have a great day and keep enjoying sports
 maybe, ive done that person. talking  to the advisers i feel is one of the most imporant as well
 agreed. kids need to be the ones seeing it as a vacation.the best time would be in april. So much fun times then
 agreed. so much you can see from TV and even the internet. Which Ive always wondered how they even have working serive on campus. SO much internet happening during that time.
 crazy to think of that. remember landlines? times were so different
 Crazy to think that all that lead to Iphones having more power the Nuclear icbm. wonder whats next
 what that's crazy to learn. things got really creative and innovative after WW2. All started with the TV I think
 so nice to hear. makes me think about Dawsons creek. wonder if they did that. Wonder if they visited college before filming too
 hahah really very interesting to learn. these kinds of facts are what the kids love and need the internet forever for
 so will
 Hi, how are you?
 I mean it does make sense. If you are his professor, are you going to fail him? I would just pass him and make it the next guys problem.
 I have. There is a scene where she flicks her hair back and it is so detailed that I understnad the time they took on it. It's crazy good!
 Yeah, most dyes just cause cancer but this one could be a breakthrough in quantum physics? Did Sheldon Cooper create this dye?
 haha well not very good they cancelled it after 10 episodes haha
 Oh boy!!!! Nice chatting with you!
 I watch some television, but have been working on college visits lately.
 Cool.    One reason to have paper phone books instead of using the Internet.
 That is barely larger than the hamburger button on apps!
 Perhaps so.    I wonder if clicking links is as addictive as hamburgers?
 Oh I see.  I dont know anything about soccer except that when they say "goooooooaaaaallllllll"  its good to start cheering .
 lol:) that's mostly done by Spanish commentators ;) I'm from Poland but sure... goal is a time of celebration as there is not many of those in a game :)
 haha ok.  at least im not totally doing it wrong. 
 ...but to me a really exciting game is when there is no goals at all - that means both teams have very good defensive skills and it makes the match very exciting... that one goal could change everything... ;)
 Ok :) thanks for the warning ! :)  Thank You so much for chatting - it was a pleasure !
 Yes. The NFL is a professional American football league consists of 32 team which divided equally between NFC and AFC.
 NFL regular season was from September to December, each team want to 16 games and advance t play-off.
 I bet earnhardt thinks back to 1992 fondly when the redskins won their first superbowl.
 NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pad to record the movement of a players in the field to know the rotation, ball speed.
 I like to eat chips! Especially doritos! At least earnhardt is optimistic about the future...
 The team gets locker-room guys and character guys that are bringing the team together and feel as one family in this moment we surely lift the trophy in this season.
 I hope the redskins had a good year in 2018. I hope Dale had fun with it too!
 Yes. All you wishes come true. Do you use library ?
 Yes. Library is the collection of knowledge and updated technology is used today we are digital library.
 Yes, I really enjoy using it. I think the library has grown to more than just books and digital items. I think it has become more of a central part of a community.
 It make the habit of reading and in ancient Greece also have a library.
 Most of the US teenagers use the library very frequently. Library is also collection books range from singe to several books.
 Thanks for spending some time with me this morning. I hope you have a nice day!
 Hi, how are you?
 I do not. Do you know a lot about presidents/
 I'm 37. The Fred Durst fact is hilarious!
 According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
 Not sure but i would giggle the whole time because i would think caddy shack...
 nice chatting with you.
 I would have expected Washington since he was very knowledgeable. Do you know which president served the shortest term.
 President Willaim Henry Harrison he only served 32 days. Do you know which president happened to also be an actor previously
 It was ronald reagan he was an actor previously. Do you know what the president of indonesias name is? 
 That actually makes things more fair because the best 2 candidates end up winning regardless
 I think so too, the runner up puts a lot of work into it too
 Hello!  Did you know that the top 3 presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I think Trump though is now on that list so it would be a top 4 list.  lol
 Do you know what they called the first president of Zimbabwe?
 hahahah  Could you imagine that runner up situation happening now.  Yikes!
 That's cool they let them do that!  Not all men in the UK had the vote until 1918.  Maybe because the King and Queen still had the power to do what they wanted?
 I didn't know that.  I wonder why?  Citizens of Austin, TX voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst.  That's funny!
 I know!  I wonder how many people voted for the president of Indonesia.  He released 3 pop albums while in office so he must have been already popular before he got elected.
 Haha  ...and I didn't.  That's kind of a neat idea.  Gives Canadian musicians a good shot at being heard.
 I actually used to listen to Canadian radio.  I liked a lot of the rock bands I heard.  I live in extreme North East Ohio just 5 minutes South of Lake Erie so for years in the 90s and 2000's I was able to pick up Canadian radio clear.
 It's pretty amazing! And soldiers once made radios out of razor blades and pencils. that's insane!
 That was pretty skilled of them to be able to do that!  How interesting!  I have to get going.  It's been fun chatting with you!  Have a good day!
 Hi, how are you?
 They hit on it once in a while but not as much as I want. Pop culture may not be the right term... maybe stray away from sports because they are all fun and really smart. Would help the show.
 Nice chatting with you!
 I usually listen online to like Spotify. Do you have a favorite genre?
 Isn't that a dead language? I could not follow it but then again, I am not smart...
 I agree. I remember walking into my grandparents and they would be listening to those. 
 It is funny and someone almost died in the fire. They had to jump out a second floor window.
 Ditto. Have a nice weekend!
 Yes sadly.  It's a bad thing for that.  Burger King once ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook you would get a free whopper.  Some of those people who had to file divorce because of it should have taken them up on their offer. They could have gotten a free whopper!
 That's crazy I think.  Don't you?  I see so much trash on there or biased stories.  Facebook is valued at over 104 billion dollars now!  Wow.
 Yes.  Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for 75 million in 2005.  Bad move on their part.  
 I never noticed that about the colors.  Mark Zuckerburg must be a democrat because he made Facebook primarily blue because he suffers from red-green colorblindness.  lol
 That's interesting!  Do you watch much television?  Ever a fan of "That 70s show?"
 I loved it.  I recently found out that they made a UK version of it called "Days Like These".  They only made 10 episodes.  You can find them on Youtube.  It's funny because the characters names are the same, they dress the same, and have the same quirks and personalities as the 70s show characters.  Even the different car scenes at the beginning are the same just with different music.
 lol I never thought of that.  That would be neat!  I can't believe how popular Pokemon is.  There are over 750 episodes.  I never quite understood it.  My kids like it though.
 Hmm...I don't know.  Interesting.  Facebook's like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.  I don't know why though.
 You know what?  You're right!  They did have a dislike.  Maybe they got rid of it due to advertisers demands because they make most of their revenue from ads that appear on the screen?
 I would say that you're probably correct.  It was nice chatting with you!
 ya, that makes me hungry! I think it's cool that flamethrowers are legal in South Africa! I could use those to melt the snow on my driveway
 well old cars used to have wooden trunks in the back to carry stuff so I guess that name just stuck haha
 That was interesting.  There are a lot of new things I learn from chatting with people.
 That was also interesting.  I guess his reflex improved greatly because of video games.
 I did years ago but I have no time now.  Anyway, I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 Amen to that!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  Hope you have a good day, friend.
 I know Mark Zuckerberg developed it with help from a few roommates at Harvard and it grew from there... And boy did it grow!
 Haha that was awesome! I love that the creators of The Simpsons sent the creators of South Park Flowers after that episode, that is so hilarious
 Oh really? I was shocked it was that many, Pokemon has been around for a really long time and I'm always amazed that it's still as popular, if not more popular than it ever has been
 Do you know much about television?
 Do you enjoy the Simpsons?
 That is amazing.    I would want some radio to listen to if I were on that bus!
 I like to listen to classic radio dramas on the Internet.
 Would love to check out the Ukraine. But Putin is making that a funky choice.
 Yeah. But they are ironically more friendly to westerners now...as an unintended consequence of Putin's anti-Western propaganda
 I've never seen a gnome. Maybe in the Netherlands once....but I was on a bus going 160 mph.
 Canadian regulators must've been going crazy. 
 haha well at least if theyre that mad they can just tune into a station with solar activity
 Well, if they plant a flag on Jupiter, that may fulfill the 40% Canadian music rule.
 Whoa. Surprised there is a market. But some people still listen to classical Latin, so who knows
 Give Ringo Starr a shot. He pulled of Thomas the Tank Engine.
 Wild. i'm going to check that out no. Nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 I agree. I feel like I won the geography lottery when I see what other countries are going through. Feel like lightening this up a little?
 Yes. By all means. There is enough dispair. Speaking of travel. I love to travel whether in the US or outside. The beauty of the US is wonderful no matter where one goes. I've been all over the US.
 I saw that on a previous hit and looked it up... the houses are beautiful and the island is so nice looking. It is in michigan though so it has cold winters...
 I know. And the evolution of the stuff too. I remember switching the TV with a knob and getting yelled at by my dad for turning it too quickly.
 A little more advanced than his lightbulb! Nice chatting with you!
 Exactly. Nice chat!!
 You too.  Thanks for the chat.
 hi,  DO you like to watch tv?
 Me too! I did like the Simpsons before when I was younger
 Yes , I have to find it! Did you know the Simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers of south park when airing  the family guy episode finale
 I did not! But I would love to!
 Yes, It is a classic! Talking about classics remember Thomas the tank engine?
 Yes is cute! some famous people narrated in the show, like Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin
 well and I think did a good job because each of these guys narrated at least 52 episodes
 Wow that is a lot. 16 years of just Pokemon. I could not take it!
 Wow,remember 70's show? It was made verbatim for UK but is did not work
 It is so sad! Well it was a nice chat! Have a good one
 Hello - yes I do follow the news. What about you? 
 Oh wow that's awesome. Thank him for his service too. I was in the Marines and served two tours in Iraq from 2004-2008. 
 Wow that's crazy. I believe they said 16 years. It was great talking to you!
 Yes I do. I have spent countless hours watching Pokemon.
 Twice. That amounts to about two weeks of my life every year for 16 years. No wonder I am odd. It could be worse. I could have spent the time watching That 70s Show...
 lol  I liked that show. I saw they redid it for the UK and called it Days like these but it flopped.
 10 episodes was all the Brits could take of it. They have more common sense than we have...
 Nice.  Since you watched Pokemon, did you also watch Thomas the Tank?
 Oh, yes!  My favorite narrator was George Carlin. 
 Nice.  I also liked Ringo Starr too.
 Didyou see him on the Simpsons? I think it was the episode right after the one where Bart was not present or even referred to on the show. Only one of those...
 I've seen so many Simpsons episodes I can't recall them all.  lol
 Then maybe they should send flowers to you in honor of  your patronage!
 Nice!  lol  I find it amusing that Ronald Reagan was once turned down for a role because he didn't fit the role of a president.
 Entertainment is in the eye of the beholder. When Caesar visited Britain around 50BC, he noted that the Brits considered breeding chickens to be their entertainment.
 They must have been pretty bored back then.  I used to play the original nintedo that displayed 54 colors for my entertainment.
 Nice. Too bad the system was discontinued in 2003.
 I think that's when they switched over to the Game Cube.  Did you watch Bill Nye the science guy?
 No. He is a poor substitute for Steve Martin.
 lol  I didn't think he looks like him either even though he won the lookalike contest to get discovered.
 Not my kind of entertainment. I prefer cruising in my Cadillac, a brand named after the dude who founded detroit.
 Nice!  Thanks for the chat!
 That is so funny. Nice chat
 Same here
 Really ? It was pretty popular here ( US version ) I wonder what happened... No Ashton ? ;)
 That's interesting. I love cartoons like Simpsons, South Park or Family Guy where are filled with good level satire of today's events ! Don't You ?
 Actually there is a new technology coming, not sure what it's called but now tvs will be as flat and see thru that You can roll them and take with You whenever You want... future is here ! ;)
 Haha. Not good! It's been nice chatting with you. Have a great day!
 You too, thank You for chatting ! :)
 I was just thinking something along those lines haha. I don't often read about poop but I suppose it's an important thing to know about haha
 Ooohh, I like the radio! Enlighten me with some fun facts please.
 the concept of making radios and the radio waves is difficult for me haha. I find it interesting that anything happening on Jupiter can be heard on the radio here. 
 I am all about natural beauty and don't actually live to far from the border. One of these days, I'll drive up. Nice talking to you!
 The Simpsons are awesome!  Such good satire.  I thought it was funny when the crew of the Simpsons sent South Park producers flowers after SP skewered Family Guy in one episode.  I'm not a fan of FG, but SP is a guilty pleasure.
 HA!  No I did not, just some baseball games, farm markets, and old school country music.  
 Yeah, that's true... but they were very short time periods for them.
 Ooooo... i love those things!  They are soooo amzing.  You ever heard any of them?
 They are really cool... it's like old stuff like the green lantern and mysteries.
 Yessssss!  See.. you do know!!  LOL  You should try making a radio out of a pencil and razorblade :)
 Great chat... enjoy your day!
 same here have a good one
 oh ya they did, they sent the South Park creators flowers afterwards haha
 haha I agree, I think tomorrow I'll listen to some classic latin on that news radio station
 Yes. I enjoyed the Patriots win in the Superbowl this year.. You?
 No, but I generally cheer for an AFL team in the Superbowl.  I do admire QB Brady though.
 Smith is a smart dude. Took so many AP classes in HS that he entered college as a junior... Sorry he is hurt!
 Nice. Now he has some time for more studies... I grew up near Buffalo, NY during the era of Kelly and the Bills four Superbowl losses. The Patriots have four SB losses too, but the have a whole slue of wins too.
 Sure. I admire most of the SEC teams.  I wouldn't want to platy against the Univ of Iowa thoug. They painted their visitor locker room completely pink to bother their opponents!
 Just the effect every Coach wants from his players after his big inspirational speech.  "Gee Coach, that was nice, but you are harshing our mellow, dude."
 That is amazing! I remember his running was pretty brutal too. But not as brutal as the 222-0 loss suffered by Cumberlan at the hands of Georgia Tech!
 Maybe they did? I don't think that crushing defeat would have happened if Bill Belichick was their coach!  The guy is a football wizard. Winningest coach in postseason history!
 LOL  How would you like to be the Browns knowing that they let Belichick go as coach. Back in 1995, he led the Browns to their last playoff victory. Then the Browns got to watch the Patriots dominate with Belichick for decades!
 You could be right. All I know is that the greater Boston area sings the praises of this guy and says, "In Bill We Trust!"  ...With good reason!
 Yeah, it is.  I'd love to hear that song for sure.  
 Good morning! Do you like football?
 That's almost unheard of haha. The Brown's last playoff win was in 1995.
 Speaking of football, did you know Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the league for quarterback right now?
 Yes that really is. There have been a lot of great left handed quarterbacks though so who knows what the advantage is.
 Even on the JV team, that's crazy to think. He is the best ever.
 Yes he did. Smith is one smart cookie! Imagine if Baker Mayfield did that instead of wanting to play video games all day.
 That is so crazy to think! I wonder what it is now!
 That line really helped everybody see. How about that college score of 222-0?
 Oh me too. I would just quit lol.
 Hello! Do you like football?
 I love it! You?
 Not a huge fan but I do watch sometimes, I like the New England Patriots...How about you?
 I am a Chicago Bears fan. They just lost so I was pretty bummed. You're playing this weekend, right?
 Oh wow, sorry! I believe so, I would have to look lol....The Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots in losses...weird.
 Yeah, the cleveland browns' last playoff win was in 1995 against the new england patriots and their head coach was bill belichick. this was bill's first playoff win as head coach and the only playoff win as head coach outside the patriots.
 Oh wow, The Patriots are just a great team I think 
 That seems like mean thing to say! The new england patriots under tom brady and bill belichick have either won or lost the super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.
 I would have to say Aaron Rodgers even though I am supposed to hate him, as a bears fan.
 True true hahaa...
 Nfl quarterback russell wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing in a regular season game since 2011. the texas rangers traded him in february 2018 to the ny yankees
 The jacksons "victory tour" played a major role in robert kraft buying sullivan stadium, and eventually the new england patriots.
 True!  i LOVE the Patriots!
 The Chargers I believe...
 No, not worried...I hope they win but I am a loyal fan so...either way! Fingers crossed lol Can always hope! It has been great chatting!!!
 That is nice of him.  This is funny. , A radio station pretended to be the Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien and successfully prank called Queen Elizabeth II. 
 His winning of five Super Bowls is admirable.
 In my opinion, it is fitting he should be treated that way; like an extremely valuable jewel
 Yeah.  Well it was nice talking!
 Maybe next time.  Have a good one.
 Sounds pretty smart! Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL?
 Cumberland and Georgia Tech... I like the yellow line for 1st down that ESPN created.
 I did know that. Hard to believe. I just learned Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school FB team.
 Yes it was. It was nice chatting with you!
 I watch a little bit, because of my sons who love it! I agree with you he has a great record -- five Super Bowls is amazing!
 Jim Palmer! Sounds like we grew up in the same era! Palmer did the Jockey underwear ads. My mom and all her friends swooned! 
 You too! 
 yes i am.  i love football
 They have been crazy!  I really liked the Eagles vs Vikings game in the NFC championship last year.
 I was very happy when the New York Giants upset the New England Patriots.
 you too!
 Ha! You're kidding me? That is funny! Ha! Although not as humorous, I still found it funny that the Indonesia president has released not one, not two, but three pop albums while serving in office! Ha!
 Did they really? Well speaking of radios, I sometimes like to break out the old AM radio and listen to those Jupiter radio storms. It is fascinating to hear!
 Yeah.  Well thanks for the conversation.  Have a good day.
 You bet. Hope you enjoy your fav sports!
 Hi! I love to watch football! I wish I could have seen Georgia Tech set the highest score record over Cumberland by beating them 222-0 back in 1916 though. I bet that was fun to watch. Do you watch football as well?
 Thank you for the info about ESPN and the yellow first down line.  Have a great day to you too!
 Enjoy time with your kids. He can coach, too. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
 It was nice talking to you! Have a great night! 
 I do like football. Do you like it?
 If he hated him, he would have put him in to get hit over and over. Mabe he liked him...
 Yeah. He's a really good QB. Probably the best ever. And he's married to a super model!
 yeah! I would love for my wife to make double what I make. I am not some macho guy, I am a capitalist above all!
 it is healthy but when I eat ice cream, I want chocolate and peanut butter and a lot of it. Not avacados...
 Yeah, he was a really good QB. Jay is married to Kristin Cavalari and she has a show on E which he makes appearances on.
 Nice chatting with you!
 Take it easy. 
 I'm surprised he hasn't released one. I heard you can pickup radio waves from Jupiter on an AM radio.
 It was good talking to you.
 Yes I just think they probably play a lot of Justin Bieber and Celine Dion haha which does not actually sound appealing to me, I would rather listen to a finish radio station that reads the news in classical Latin even though I don't understand it
 Yeah pretty ironic. Nice chatting with you.
 I heard that the visiting locker room is completely pink!
 I am listening to spotify now. I listen everyday, almost all day! It's important to our family.
 Nice. There is a station on spotify that I use a lot for deep work. It's ironically called deep focus.
 There is a free option that I used to use but I now pay for it. I can't stand the commercials and the premium account eliminates the commercials. I think it may open the play list more too. I listen a lot to baroque music so that help me currate playlists, like I do for jaz.
 I do. I also use it while I clean and with 7 and 5 year olds, I clean a lot. I do get stuck in some tracks and play the same stuff alot. Hence jazz and classical.
 My office is right outside of a common area so I hear everyone talk if I do not have music on. I find it helps me concentrate. I also thinkk I had ADD though. I have all of the signs that my son is getting diagnosed with.
 I grew up on radio so if there are things I need to concentrate on, I usually go to the other room and listen to the TV.
 yeah. I remember walking into my grandparents house and they never had tv on but the radio. 
 Ditto. Hope you have a wonderful day!
 Hello! Do you like football?
 Hi! I do like football, but mostly listen to it on the radio, how about you?
 I watch when I can, but I have to stick to my home team The Cardinals. 
 I'd agree with that, unless it was my alma mater! Other than that I'm not too into college football, there's just too many teams in too many leagues. I think it's funny though that University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is all pink! Probably to emasculate them...
 I agree on that! Pink? Hahaha, that is pretty funny. I bet the visitors just love going to play football there hahaha....I heard that there was a game back in 1916 that the ending score was 222-0 how is that even possible!
 I have heard about that but haven't checked it out yet. I like my music lol! And what would be considered a radio drama anyway? Talk shows? 
 That's so strict! I think music should be open to all. Anyway, nice speaking with you!
 It has been great! Have a great evening! I am going to catch some old dramas on the radio haha, Bye!
 That is cool.     Electromagnetic energy waves are very interesting things.
 It is also surprising that natural phenomena like storms on jupiter create signals strong enough to be heard in the United States.
 Unsure.    Perhaps Canadians could tell us, since it violates their content laws!
 That is true.     You could also use the internet and listen to classic radio dramas for free.
 Do you listen to much football on the radio?
 Perhaps Cumberland should've painted the locker rooms pink like Iowa to act as a distraction.
 Then again, with modern technology they could change the color digitally like the superimposed yellow first down line ESPN won an emmy for.
 Too true.    However, 14 of the largest 25 stadiums actually belong to American college football teams.
 That would be amusing.    A whole new definition of Dream Team.
 Cool,I thought they made that in 2006 for some reason.
 That's funny I did hear about that, painting the locker rooms all pink I bet that surprises visitor teams. 
 He sure is, finished college in two years only. Nice chat today
 Speaking of shoes, how often do you wear shoes? I like that there are different types of shoes for different types of activities
 Yes I think it's important to be aware of the less fortunate, and Steve Smith seems like a good guy
 Oh man that must have been so cool. nice chatting with you
 Hi, how are you?
 I love shoes. Do you like Nikes>
 Yeah, they did get a lot of publicity and as a stockholder, I saw the price go up too.
 In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
 Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
 I know, he will report in the spring for training and then leave. He cannot do both as a QB. I know too much sports...
 Plus hes married to Sierra!
 Nice chatting with you.
 Hi, how are you?
 No, my 7 year old might have, or at least lost 2-3 pounds of water weight from crying. I am not sure their suggestion would be good because it is for tweens. My family loves to watch baking shows. It's usually fmaily friendy.
 Maybe. I think my 5 year old would be the actor in our family. She watches youtube and acts like she is being video taped for her own youtube channel.
 I would not mind that! That could set her up for life!
 Not like horror films! I tried to get into it but everyone tells me it is slow but good. I do not have the attention span for it and do not want to take on a new series...
 I think new england. Nice chatting with you!
 Probably so.  I do think its funny that Stephen King called Bambi the first horror movie he ever saw as a child.  
 I used to love to fall asleep at night listening to those. Almost like someone reading a book to me while I just relax and listen. I know there is a website where you can listen to just thousands of episodes of old radio dramas for free.
 Yes, I listen still to some of them.  Like the CBS Radio Mystery Theatre, Suspense, or The Shadow.  The way they did the old shows was much like theater with live music and actors/actresses doing it in real time.
 I do, I love the Cowboys.  It is funny so many different sports are called football.  Soccer or Australian rules are called football too.
 My friend at work loves college football. She is always laughing about how the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team is painted completely pink! LOL
 That is pretty ingenious, I wonder if Georgia Tech did the same thing when they obliterated Cumberland 222-0!
 Alright then, take care and remember... The Shadow knows...
 I should have become an actor like Hugh Laurie and make 700k an episode of House.
 Hey Hi, I am into action movies
 oh that's cool coming from the king of horror movies, but I thought bambi is an animated movie
 True, but i think i would allow the "tween" films if they REALLY wanted it, just so i could at least know what they were watching and that it was appropriate. speaking of tween watching, they also are making documentaries focused on that age as well. America to me, is one, that deals with race in schools. I think its a great idea. What do you think?
 Well if it's one well tailored to a particular age and the censorship board approved I might let my kids watch under supervision
 Yes I like football I have since I was a child
 I have always loved New York Giants and for soccer I am a devoted fan of Arsenal
 Sweet. Do you know that the highest score ever in football is 222-0
 I know right but it happened in 1961 I bet the rules were different at that time
 nice chatting with you buddy
 Yes, they created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for football games.
 Probably a lot safer, fewer concussions. Well, it's been great talking with you! Have a fine evening! Enjoy football!
 Same here, have a good one.
 Yeah I guess the game has changed and also how we view it. It was great chatting I agree have a nice one, bye. 
 Yes. Bull Murray voiced a human torch back in the 19770s.
 Yes, great chat! Thank you for you time!
 You too!
 LOL... that is so true!  
 So true!!!  Well, great chat!  Have a good one!
 I can't believe the US federal debt is about $15 trillion dollars!  
 I hear that.  I was surprised to find out that though that Fox news was created partially by Richard Nixon.
 Yes.  The gaming website IGN is owned by news corp, which also owns fox news.  I've never gone to that website.
 Yes he does.  Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest American presidents before Trump were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I believe I read somewhere that he is the wealthiest president ever.  Crazy.
 Yes.  I agree with you there.  Here's something funny....the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!
 Hahaha  Another funny one is the president of Indonesia.  He's released 3 pop albums while in office.  Sounds like he didn't get much done on the politics side of things.
 Haha  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential race automatically became the vice president.  I couldn't imagine that working now.  They would never get nothing done but fight 100 percent of the time.
 lol  Nice chatting with you too!
 Hello. How are you doing.
 I didnt know that actually. He has to be up there though.
 I dont know much about Jefferson, I did know that Washington had a lot of money though.
 He probably has a few houses that are bigger than the white house. Lol
 Yeah, I dont think that would work today. Campaigns are to negative these days. Especially trump and clintons campaigns. 
 There would be some classic q
 Sorry bout that last message my son hit the enter button. I meant to say those would be some interesting press conferences. I bet President banana had some interesting ones to Lol.
 I hope his press members treat him with respect even though his name isn't very common
 I can hear a theme song for him going in my head as we speak.
 Maybe the president of Indonesia can perform the theme song lol, he is a pop star after all
 Lol. They could be a group. The pop Pres and the banana. I would buy a ticket to that concert.
 Im sure hillary would love it. Lol
 She would and if that doesnt sell out the stadium nothing will lol
 Yes they really are, well it was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 Nice!  Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined!
 Yes.  It was better back then if you ask me.  Fox news discussed the possiblity of creating a Simpson only cable channel.
 lol  The gaming website IGN is owned by News corp., who also owns Fox news.  
 I was too.  Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its anti-democratic party agenda.  How do you sue something you own?  lol
 In America, anything is possible. Lol 
 Nice.  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!  lol
 I was thinking the same thing. lol  The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house. Probably to make visitors more comfortable maybe?
 That's awesome!  I hope to get there someday.  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. lol  It's been fun chatting!
 He must not have been very busy as president if he had time to release Pop albums.  Lol It's been nice chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
 Hope you enjoy the rest of your day as well!
 Yeah, that's the CanCon reuquirement. Canadian content to ensure that Canadians artists are represented. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
 Absolutely, you have a good night too!
 Bye
 hello
 i know about the article details 
 ok please tell me above the article details
 he deadly violence in Charlottesville put the alt-right and white supremacy at the center of national political debate
 Do you know about the Article section 2?
 please tell me about the details for me?
 yes this is a fact
 Okay, Do you know about the Article section 3?
 Oh, I think you are very interested for social issues.
 You too! 
 I think you are like a lot of other people out there.  Well it was nice talking, I hope you have a good day. 
 It would go in the 60% of foreign music. Thanks for the conversation. 
 Oh, well, you are not alone there! I guess I just don't trust that much. Then again, I am pretty skeptical of all the media these days! Right? It's funny that Fox tried to stop the Simpsons from doing paradies of their supposed slanted coverage!
 You as well. Have a great day and don't get discourage by all those tweets!
 haha, well I certainly don't because I never heard of it before but you can listen live to the sun's music. I think it's beautiful. 
 Haha, He would "Fire" the Sun if he could for taking his spotlight and I think Kanye's dream would come true. 
 Ha ha! Very true. Well, thanks for the chat! Have a good evening!
 Hey, Thank you. You too! it was fun :) 
 Groovy, man!
 peace
 Wow, that's interesting! I suppose that is something Sean Hannity of Fox News would know since his shows are all about the president! 
 I do play sometimes, but didn't know that! Seems Fox owns a lot of stuff
 I heard that and it sounds nuts, you would think he would be! President Trump is friends with Sean Hannity who has the show on Fox News I wonder if he ever knows or talks about Fox news fun facts haha!
 ya I agree why wouldn't the president just stay there instead haha, also it would be funny if trump made a pop album while in office like the indonesian president did haha
 Bahahahaaa, that's too too funny! The president would make an album with Kanye I am sure of it, lol....There was a president called president Banana....I wonder why.
 Hahaha, so much doesn't make sense! Just like the media, either Fox News or Radio programs or CNN, you never know what is right lol I like to listen to the radio and sometimes BBC has a broadcast.
 ya I wonder what that sounds like! Although I would rather listen to that then the Finnish radio station that broadcasts in classical latin 24x7 haha
 haha! Very true! I would rather listen to Jupiter on the radio than watch Fox News hahaaa, We need more comedy in the world!
 Hilarious that Fox News tried to sue the Simpsons for parodying it. I suppose Ailes didn't understand the Streisand Effect, perhaps due to the fact that he's an older guy and not super familiar with the internet. 
 Yeah, I don't like them. But their audience is disproportionately older, patriotic guys in the southwest- hopefully they'll be less of a prominent demographic in the coming years.
 Their audience is also largely republican, so not sure about that since there are many young republicans in the U.S.
 Yeah, but not nearly as many as in the older generations. I saw an electoral map of how 2016 would've turned out with only Millennial voters, and it was almost solid blue except for a handful of states like Alabama and Utah.
 I'm sure they're better than anything our president would put out!
 I didn't know that.  Fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.
 Wow!  Interesting.  Fox news corporation discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.  That might have worked.
 Isn't that ironic? lol I thought they owned them.  Do you know much about presidents?
 Nice!  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Hahaha The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.
 I didn't know that.  There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free!  It's been fun chatting!
 Have a great day!
 well I think Id rather listen to the radio waves of Jupiter than either of those haha
 that is strange, I'm not familiar with Canadian music. I'd like to listen to Jupiter though
 HAHA,,, actually, I bet its Trump, Clinton and Bush. That is my best guess, in english.lol
 haha, well its actually jefferson, washington and jfk! Very strange that its not trump right, I don't know how to say that in Latin haha
 Yeah, Latin is harder than it seems.lol I bet we I could sign a pop song before I could speak in fluent latin.lol
 haha that could be the next big thing! instead of making pop songs like that indonesia president, do some latin ones, maybe a duet with Trump too!
 No, I didn't.  I did know that Fox news has more viewers than MSNBC and CNN  combined.
 No, he is a pop star??? Switching topics did you know that Radio storms on Jumpiter are so strong they can be heard on am radio?
 Thank you for taking 10 turns.  we are done.
 Right...it almost seems like magic, music and words out of thin air...
 Yes...there's a wide variety of viewpoints, ranging from very conservative to very liberal...kind of like Fox News, just for the ear.
 I wonder what his friends called him...and I suppose he was pretty 'appeel-ing'....
 Exactly, good point. I am just glad we live in a democracy as opposed to a authoritarian regime with a dictator.
 Maybe it does! Yes it would. Whereas in Indonesia the president seems to be focused on becoming the next justin beiber!
 Oh nice. Radio is good as well but lots of commercials. If you like classic radio dramas there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.
 Yeah that is true, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one. 
 she most likely is due to her right wing ideology and remarks 
 In 1805 they changed it but Hillary Clinton would be Donald Trump;s vice president because the runnerup became the Vice President haha.
 that's unreal.  the president could be a pop star and idolized.  one way to bring the country together.
 Ah yes, foxhole radios.  Well electromagnetic energy is everywhere, it can travel through space so why couldn't it carry information?
 Yes all binary, just like computers.  Luckily there are websites that have archived thousands of radio dramas and share them for free.
 Well good for Canada, nothing wrong with promoting themselves.
 haha ya it seems like it would be more interesting than the 1989 radio station that broadcasts in latin though haha
 Alessia Cara, Neon Dreams and some other. nice chatting with you
 Yes it must be taking inflation into account! shocked that Trump isn't on there though, but who knows maybe president banana of Zimbabwe is up there too haha
 No I think that would be really weird haha. Imagine you'd have President Trump and then also vice president Hillary Clinton. I can only imagine the drama that would go on, it would make for good TV but not real life haha
 I like really close games. The comeback last year made for a great SuperBowl. I didn't care who won or lost. It was fun to watch.
 Exactly, and it's best for the audience as well.  Well it was nice talking with you. 
 Freedom is great!
 I think the sound is very basic and plain.  But it worked.  Hahaha
 I think these chips are very helpful to the game in term of officiating and improving the game in the future in term of technical issues like players' speed, acceleration, and the likes.
 Exactly.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
 You too!
 bye
 Have a good holiday season!
 you too
 Hi, yes I like the NFL very much!! i love the Denver Broncos!! Ma favorite of the 32 teams!
 I like them too. Hope to watch them at the gillette stadium sometimes!!
 wow what a coincidence!Did you know there is a rocket scientist as a coach of the NFL!!
 They could if they meet the requirements!!
 But the whole game is fun! Talking about the patriots they had the first German that turned us citizen in the NFL
 I am a little bit familiar  with game of thrones, not too much... I do like how tracking chips are used to get info from players
 For sure, but I guess they have to work many more years! Do you like to listen to the radio?
 I would love to.. be familiar with what people used to listen to before! did you know there is a station that broadcasts "sun"music?
 Sounds like this would be AM also! This station transforms solar activity into sound.. incredible
 Wow, do people really listen to Latin today? Remember the hanson's?
 They had a song that became the most popular in an alternative station because they did not revealed the band's name!.. well good chat.... have a good one
 Interesting.  I used to watch a lot of nature shows on TV.  They sometimes did travels to the amazon.  I prefer to watch stuff like The Simpsons and Saturday Night Live now.
 Oh, I love movies.  Anything to get away from Trump's crazy antics and watching superfans like Diamond and Silk
 I like day after tomorrow movie. Because it was awesome movie.
 I like romantic and rap songs.
 What is your favorite sport? Mine is either Basketball or Football.
 I know, crazy right? In Canada, kickball is also known as soccer-baseball.
 Really, I wonder why he wanted to become an NFL coach. There is no rule written against females playing in the NFL!
 Very much!  I am actually in a Fantasy Baseball League
 Oh really? That's cool! I don't get into baseball that much but I do like it and the NBA.
 That's cool.. Philadelphia Phillies is mine
 Cool! There are a lot of great teams in the NFL. Sometimes it is tough to choose lol.
 That's true!  32 teams all together!
 Right! And it's crazy that during a game there is actually only 11 minutes of live game play! 
 I do if it is Az Cardinal's lol, not much time to follow any of the sports. 
 It is time consuming!
 You are right! The superbowl didn't hold my attention this year. I have to say fav NBA team is the Phoenix Suns. 
 Haha, I know they are not the best but I am a loyal fan to my home team! Do you have a favorite basketball team?
 Loyalty is very important!  If i was to cheer for a team it would be the sixers.
 Very nice! Did you know the NBA has the highest paid athlete's out of  NFL or NBA....CRAZY!
 Definitely, but ya gotta have the best cardio for basketball....great shape is key. 
 Very true... well, good chat!
 I do too. However, there is only actually 11 minutes of live gameplay!
 I would too! Do you watch the NBA at all?
 He has a lifetime endorsement with Reebok. That man is made for life!
 Yeah 32 million at 55? Not too shabby!
 Oh I know. Some guy found three million dollars worth of cards in his Grandfather's attic!
 I sure do! I think it is funny that people in Japan are surprised that baseball is America's favorite pastime since it is so popular there.
 Yes it would. Oh those cards hidden since the 1940s? How cool would that be to stumble upon. Thanks grandpa!!
 As long as they meet the requirements they can play and I am still waiting for that to happen. It would be such a revolutionary story!
 Yeah I like the idea that game plays can be made even better.
 Agreed. Everyone says football players make a lot but engineers make more lifetime earnings than football players! Well thanks for chatting this evening!
 Yes! Thank you!
 Have a good night!
 Yeah me too. Like to watch the superbowl. Nice chat :)
 Hi, how are you?
 LOL... yeah that's for sure... but than again, the media is very creative
 Yeah. Did you know he's not even in the top 3 of presidential welath?
 Oh yeah... get Kanye to produce it! LOL
 There would be so much autotune!
 hahahaaaa.. Well played!  They would probably interupt each other all the time!
 LOL... yeah... he would quit!  Kanye, Trump and the president of Indonesia making an album together!!!
 LOL
 HA! I am not sure how to go on with this chat after that...
 LOL... well... just remember... Could be worse.
 Seems like the perfect dismount... Nice chatting with you!
 That's unusual. Perhaps he is good at multitasking.
 Oh yeah I bet he is. Kind of like Kanye West LOL. Kanye West once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert, that's pretty cool.
 Yeah he says some ridiculous things. But his music is good. He is among the most critically acclaimed musician of the 21st-century.
 And he has sold over 120 million records worldwide. It was really nice talking with you I hope you have a good day.
 It was nice talking to you too.  Have a great day!
 I agree.  It was super nice to talk to you.  Hopefully you are well recovered and have a great night!
 Take care.
 Yes I do watch quite a bit tv.
 I have seen South Park a few times. I like the Simpsons.
 That is Amazing. They have had quite a run.
 Ha ha so do I. Yeah that is a good question. It's funny you say that because that is exactly how the word trunk got its name.
 I have always been partial to the Cadillac brand, named after the French explorer Antoine Brand...Just kidding. His last name was Cadillac.
 Yeah. I wondered why none of the old 1950's movies had drive thru windows at their car hops. Now I know why. And it makes sense that McDs was the inovator.
 Flame-broiling is a Burger King thing. Now you can do it after you buy the burger!  I wonder what else is legal in South Africa?
 Clearly an underachiever...LOL  You know, the year 1886 is considered the year the car was born. Imagine the look on the face of the proud papa the first time he changes the baby's oil.
 Gaming. Lots of money in that, if you can find the hamburger buttons. You know, those that symbol with those three vertical lines?
 Yeah, I'm addicted. If they opened up my brain, they would see a room full of little nerds, wear black glasses and white shirts, all sitting at laptops--facing away from one another of course.
 Sebatian Maniscalco calls it "Taking a lonely" because how alone do yo have to be to not be able to find one person willing to click a snapshot for you? So true. But as a nerd, socialization is not my thing. I am one of the 7% that gets pleasure of of reading terms of my product service agreement...
 Sure. I find it comforting knowing that civilization will not grind to a halt if the internet goes down. How else would we be able to binge watch the Simpsons reruns?
 Yeah, but I bet nobody has a backup of the UK remake of the 70s Show...thank goodness!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Probably more than I should.  I really enjoy sit coms like South Park
 Well both shows have done well.  The simpsons have been on for 30 seasons or more and South Park at least 20 seasons
 Did you know that when south park aired its family guy episode, the simpsons sent them flowers
 I would imagine that their is a mutual respect between all of those cartoon shows since they all work in the same field
 Agreed. Plus they are legends and they can't get too angry at comedy legends. Nice chatting with you!
 At least they don't have tracking chips embedded in the players and cheerleaders like they do the equipment.
 Just one fold between your dream team and the regular spelling bee. A fantasy author Terry Pratchett was knighted for that fold in his brain and his services to literature.
 I didn't but I had a feeling that the patriots would win. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun information.
 I did too. It was good talking to you!
 I am a football fan. I like both college and the NFL. Do you like football?
 Bears fan. Being in Chicago makes you a bears fan. Although we do have packers fans too.
 I did too! Ugh, the kicker. Then he goes on talk shows about it. Stay in your lane!
 Agreed! I felt really bad for them. Did you see the Madri Gras floats about it? It was funny!
 They were. A lot of blind refs!
 I feel like the saints are a persecuted bunch too. That cannot help their case. I laughed at the lawsuit. Nothing was going to come from that.
 I can see that. You did have a jail in your stadium though...
 That's good. I do think it was sensationalized. Are you happy Foles is out? You're stuck with Wentz!
 I can think of worse quarterbacks to be stuck with. I am not happy Foles is gone but I hope he has a lot of success in Jacksonville, just not against us. It was fun chatting football with you, have a great day!
 not too much but I support my wifes favorite team. you?
 That is actually my biggest complaint about the game. all the stopping. I always wondered how the commentators are able to know the stats of players so quickly. The fact that NFL players have trackers in their shoulder pads explains everything.
 That is really interesting and a great way to overcome the obstacle of not being able to hear the other players. 
 I wonder how long it took to teach the other players sign language. Isn't it crazy how there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. You'd think that there would be more.
 I bet he regrets that choice now. I wonder how Brad Johnson managed to throw a touch down pass to himself. He is the only person to ever do so.
 He is the guy who scored 6 30 yard long touchdowns right? Quite a talented guy
 that is extremely fast. I never knew that the first NFL playoff game was played on a dirt field belonging to the Hockey team the Blackhawks. 
 Its interesting how many other people can affects a players ratings
 Apparently its a hard thing to repeat. Randy Moss scord 7 deep touchdown passes in 2007 and then only one in 2008
 definitely better job security as an engineer, and less injuries. 
 Hey there, I am a huge football fan. The NFL has 32 teams equally divided between the AFC and the NFC. We are Packers fan at my house, how about you?
 It makes you wonder if the super intelligent athletes like Alex Smith would have been better off pursuing a career in engineering lol. He was able finish a bachelor's degree in two years! 
 To think Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming! 
 I know, right! I would be mortified if any of my kids tried to pull that fast one, HAHA 
 Oh, I sure am part of a group! I won about $350 this season but the bragging rights are what I am really going for! Baker Mayfield is a QB that was on my team since he is from OU. They are my college fav.
 That's awesome, congrats on the big win! I find it hilarious what people will create a fantasy league for. There is actually a fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee! 
 I heard about that one too! Can you imagine drafting members of congress and hoping for their legislative success. I feel like it would take a loooooooong time before there was any winner declared for that one! 
 Yeah, forever They will prob have a "shutdown" immediately. That is why I stick with football.
 Haha ya, the next left-handed quarterback will probably enter the NFL well before they see any sort of legislative success. Considering Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL I'd say the odds of both are just about as likely. 
 Yes, highly paid people who spend a lot of time working on that.
 I do, I am actually a huge fan of the NFL. How about yourself? 
 wow I didn't know that that's interesting. do you play Fantasy at all?
 I love football! I love that Snoop Dog actually wrote a fight song for his son's high school team.
 Jennifer Aniston for sure!
 Oh nice. I liked him too.
 Williams pioneered the trend of celebs voicing animated film characters, but none of them could garner more laughs than he did in Aladdin. Hey, great to talk w/you. Hope you're a celeb, too!!
 I am not sure, but I think he has put in his time to choose whatever projects he wants now.  Anyways, good chatting with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Yeah Hugh Laurie has got it made. Some actors do it for other reasons. Like Michael Caine who became an actor because all the prettiest girls were in drama class...smart man!
 Yes I agree he does some good with his money for sure. Good like the celebrity tv chef in Ethiopia who thinks he can end world hunger!
 Exactly. Greed and power. Anyways it was nice talking with you, have a great day!
 I like "futbol" best. Soccer has so much more action and talent in my opinion. though I'm impressed with the superimposed  graphics in all of the sports that have made it easier to watch
 yes. there has been, I love how they teach emotional and educational things. 
 Have a good night!
 Hello, Very good and you?
 Oh? What did you learn about congress? I was watching TV and watching the recap of the president speaking.
 I think that would be a good way to teach civics in high school. A nice season for fantasy congress and they will learn.
 I have to say that I find it refreshing to hear you say this. I am sure many feel the same but nobody talks about it. What do you think about the President? 
 I guess I am more in the middle too but I lean conservative financially but am as liberal as can be socially. Nice chatting with you!
 hello!
 Haha, that is an odd name for a president! It is as funny as the president in Indonesia that made 3 pop albums while he was in office....must have had a lot of time on his hands! 
 I have heard that on television that Kanye wants to run for president ...don't know how well that will work out but crazier things have happened! Almost as funny as how congress has a fantasy congress that they draft members of congress  lol....so much comedy :)
 Yes, Kanye was in the White House visiting the president not too long ago, I watched the video on the television. It was very very crazy...Kanye had to shut down his social media accounts because of backlash. 
 Yep, it was really not good PR for Kanye. But I am sure it will blow over. Did you see on TV the State of The Union Address tonight by President Trump?
 Yeah, social media is already talking about it, I probably won't watch Tv tonight anyway lol. I have a couple Tv shows to watch, do you watch TV?
 Oh, I watch them. It is also fun to watch That 70s Show, love it, one of my fav TV shows! It has been great chatting! 
 You know it probably wouldnt be very surprising if he came out with an album while in office haha.
 I think it would sell. He could give himself a name like zimbabwes first president. President banana.
 Hi, how are you doing this fine morning?
 Well, that seems like a pretty old fashioned name.
 Celine Dion, is the only one I can think of.  
 Yes, a couple just mainly to see Niagra Falls, though.But, I didn't listen to the radio so I can't tell you if the 40% rule was being adhered to or not. Lol
 Maybe.  It's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I need to go grocery shopping, I'll talk with you later.
 that is amazing wonder how many listeners they have. nice chat
 Have a good one!
 That may be so.  Otherwise the computer must be aided by a plethora of other systems, e.g. industrial robots and other computers.  If the Russians can make computers that run on water, I'm sure that we can accomplish quite a bit in life.
 Sure, what if we talk about the radio. Did you know that radio waves can be used to transport information
 thanks to you, may God bless you brother
 thanks for your time
 Hi. How are you?
 I would pay to see that.
 No I didnt that is pretty funny.
 I have read that before.  Maybe he was in show business before he was elected.
 Well its been nice talking to you. Have a nice day.
 Good Morning.
 Really, thats cool. Did you know that somebody built a 16 bit computer out of basic minecraft building blocks and the thing actually worked?
 I have no idea. I would say the electrical impulses in the brain somehow control the computer. Not sure though. Im no transhuminist. Lol.
 I know our President is too busy for that. On a funny note, President Banana was the name given to Zimbabwe's first President.
 That makes sense. They knew how to get a long even across party lines.
 I would say that those guys would be ashamed to see how things are today in the elections. I better be getting off here though. Have a good one.
 I do. I really like the radio. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up and heard by an am radio?
 I have heard they require at least 40% of the music played to be Canadian.
 Yes, I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Yes, I heard that! Very cool. Great way to get exercise while at work!! I think it was called the highest court in the land! lol, Good one.
 For sure! Well, it was a pleasure talking to you. Have a good day. 
 That is very true, I think we need to rethink our system.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Trump? Who knows? Has anyone seen his tax returns?  Without that info, I would have to guess that JFK was richest. Am I right?
 Nice! But if Presidents are so rich, why don't they stay in the guest house instead of the White House? After all, it is bigger!
 Or he is a better singer than politician?  You know, until 1805, the runner up in the election for President autiomatically became VP. But that was back when both candidates were nationalists and had the interests of the US at heart.. 
 They need a good humbling!  I heard a story about NBA hall-of-famer, Reggie Miller, and how he was humbled. As it turns out, he was coming home after a great performance and chose to brag to his family about his 40-pt game. As it turned out, his sister ad just scored 105 pts in her game, breaking 8 national records. That is humbling!
 Well, he was awesome!  Reminds me alot of Tim Duncan of the Spurrs, who made the choice to stay in college for 4 years instead of jumping for dollars.
 I wonder how much James Naismith, the inventor of the game of basketball, I wonder how much he made?  He was the only losing coach Univ of Kansas ever had...
 I wonder if they play pick up games?  I bet Rut Bader Ginsber is always chosen last!  
 Their team needs to be integrated... Hey, maybe we can get a game going between the supreme court justices and the Tall Blacks? I wonder is Air Jordans are banned on that court?
 Yeah. Poor guy. Without his Nike endorsement, he would probably be homeless. Or maybe just have 5 less homes... Hey, nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, almost as much fun as stuffing a 9 inch ball through an 18 inch hoop!
 no that would be too awesome if they did, they could settle ties with a basketball game, I love how the nickname for that court is "the highest court in the land" lol
 That is so sad. Nice chatting with you
 I would be a nice reality TV show, 
 Hi, how are you?
 Yeah. That's tough for those states but they also bring in a ton of money for the schools, which help offset the other non-revenue programs like swimming and volleyball. They don't make more than AI who makes $800K per year until 55!
 But he has slaves to do all the work and reap their hard work. At least he wasn't named President Banana!
 I heard of him before! Isn't that the first president of zimbabwe?
 Nice chatting with you!
 wow that is crazy, I would totally do the Facebook Burger King promotion btw, I would get rid of all my friends online for a whopper im starving haha
 No, I do not. FB is a social media and networking service. I am antisocial and private by nature. The two do not mix. You?. 
 What started out as a Harvard school student site has blossomed into a global empire. Hard to stay under the radar when the whole earth has access to your album of selfies...
 Yeah. My dog had a MySpace page, and now both my dog and MySpace are but footnotes in history. Another historical item: Iceland is rewriting their constitution via FaceBook. 77 "Likes" for representation government.
 I "like" that! Why don't they just outlaw the color blue? After all, FB is primarily blue because Zuckerberg is red green color blind. 
 Yeah, drop 10 friends for a Whopper. That means each friend is valued at 1/10 of a Whopper. Who needs the gold standard, we have the Whopper!
 I wish they made that promo into a TV commercial. It could have had a nice jingle and everything to single as you "defriend" each poor forgotten soul. And the McDonalds could have a "add 10 friends for free fries" promo and the burger wars would be on again!
 You know you can tune your radio in to listen to storms on Jupiter. I wonder if aliens on Jupiter can tune in to hear Radio burger commercials...
 Who knows, they might come to get some Whoopers and creat a FB account just to get them for free lol
 Nice! You know, there is a website that allows access to thousands of hours of classic radio dramas. I wonder if those aliens would develop an appetite for that too...
 While you are at it, Google the term, "Nuntil Latini" too. It is the name of a Finnish radio show-- a weekly news program done in Latin. Maybe the aliens speak Latin as their primary language. 
 Good thinking! But what if the aliens don't have radios? Could they make one out of Jupiter dust?
 yeah it's a part of her book tour right? Looks like her book is selling extremely well, Im very happy for her
 haha good point, I sure wish I was the guy that accidently bought a barn full of classic cars, that sounds awesome!
 That's amazing. I love when celebrities use their influence for good. Like Jennifer Hudson at the recent rally! 
 lol...google it..If interested. How about Judge judy making 123,000 per episode!
 lol...me neither
 He doesn't even disguise it. There is an adorable old man (about the same age) in Ethiopia who is a celebrity chef. He was in the construction business, and is trying to get people to eat more diverse foods. Check out Grandpa Kitchen on youtube.
 They are. His take on mac & cheese is very good, so are some of the fish dishes.
 Of his, it's the Chicken Biryani and the butter chicken.
 Good morning. Do you watch much Television.
 I dont really watch too much either. I used to like that 70s show. Did you ever watch that?
 I dont believe I have what is all the hubbub about it?
 Polo does make a nice shirt. Did you know they were originally invented for tennis by rene crocodile lacoste.
 Must have been. I heard that at Billy mays funeral the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants.
 That's amusing, I wonder if the funeral was advertised as As Seen On TV!
 That is so true. So did you know that the top three wealthiest presidents were JF washington and jefferson?
 Ok. Well good chat. Have a good one.
 Ah yes I used to watch those, I'm currently keeping up with Fresh Off the Boat and Superstore at the moment
 Got some shirts of my favorite Anime such as Attack on Titan and Kuroko No Basket. But now that I work retail at Target red is a must, so my closet is full of red polos and red tshirts from weekend events we do
 As a kid yes, but haven't been watching for a while now, still play the video games though and I'm excited for the new ones coming soon
 Same with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
 No I have not.  Speaking of libraries and books, if you publish a book in Norway, they will buy 1000 copies and send them to libraries around the country. 
 Who knows?
 Lol, I guess we're not the only ones in the world doing unique things.
 No, we just perfected it!
 Well, we're Americans, the world would expect nothing less.  Lol What really would have been funny is if that rule where the first runner up automatically became Vice president was still in effect. That would have put the icing on the cake with Trump and Hillary!
 I've seen the White House before on a school field trip when I was a child.  I wasn't impressed, it looked tiny then and even tinier, now.
 I have never been and I feel like I missed out. I want to go see all of that stuff. I am into history so it would be important.
 Yes, you should do it.  It used to be alot more accessible before 9/11, but it's important and I think everyone should check it out at least once. Williamsburg, too that was cool!
 Virginia, the capital of the Virginia colony from 1699- 1780.  Very historic.
 I will have to check that out. I have young ones and want to expose them to that stuff so they have an understanding of it. 
 I have no idea? Was JFK one. I know his dad was wealthy.
 I am not sure. I know he inherited like $400M. I read an article that, based on the amount of time, amount of inheritance, and an 8% RoR, the average investor could be as rich as him.
 It has been great chatting with you! Enjoy the rest of your day!
 I wonder too. If he was the President of Istanbul he would have approved of vending machines that release food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.
 I have not heard of such a thing. But I do know that the dog would know what book you are pointing to. Only dogs and elephants instinctively understand pointing.
 Yeah that is also true.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good weekend. 
 Thanks!
 Bye!
 Vaya con nachos!
 No, but I fantasize about playing football... Does that count?  Like, I imagine myself as Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB currently in the NFL. WHat are your fantasies?
 One of my oldtime favorites was Jim Kelley of the Bills, who was also a lefty, but Kellan is the only lefty in the game today. Do you know who are the only African-American QBs to have won the Superbowl?
 Two African-American QBs have won the SUperbowl: Doug Williams and Russell Wilson. 
 Of course. Didn't he have a TV show: The Brady Bunch? Oh, I guess that is fantasy!  Did you ever see the movie, The Dark Crystal, directed by Jim Henson?
 Well, Brady sure proved him wrong! You know, there is a football stadium in Allen texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million?  Yeah, football is big in Texas...
 I bet Brady makes a lot of money too!  The US pays big time for football players and coaches! Did you know2 that the highest paid Dept of Defense employees are football coaches?
 They coach the service branch teams (Army, Navy, Air force). Huge stadiums at their academies too!  You know that 14 of 25 biggest stadiums are college football stadiums?
 Yeah. Big money for colleges. I like how football brings families together. Like, the rapper Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for is son's high school football team. 
 Yeah? What would that be? 
 Interesting world we live in where people are hailed for superimposing imaginary lines on TV screens!  Sounds like fantasy. Did you know that there is an actual university twhere a person can study Sci Fi and Fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies? Imaginary lines...Imaginary tales...
 Yes.  I love the radio.  You can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas on the internet for free!
 That is very strange. Also strange that Hillary Clinton used to be a republican in college.
 I don't really listen to it that much no I mostly listen to YouTube and stuff. I want to listen to the radio station that translates solar energy into sound. That way I can listen to the sun LOL
 Yes, surprisingly many football players are actually very book smart unlike the usual "jock" stereotype
 And Baker Mayfield is good at gaming as well as football. It's good to see that many of them are talented in more than just sports
 Same here, have a good one
 Hi my favorite ones are soccer and football, what about you?
 Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a song for the high school football team where his son plays!
 Yeah, it was actually a fight song... interesting project
 I have not listen to it, and probably won't.. Have you seen the super extra big flags that are used at football stadiums?
 Good try, actually 1100 lbs... Did you knowthat a high school in Mc Allen tx has a great football stadium?
 Who knows? Did you know there is only one left handed QB in the NFL?
 I think there could be many advantages by being left handed, did you know a QB did throw a touchdown pass to himself?
 yeah, something special! Do you like fantasy movies or books?
 I know. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot.
 Yeah. I was sad to see him injured last season but he came back this year with a great season!
 Jimmy Garoppolo plays for the San Francisco 49ers. I was just too lazy to spell out his last name
 I think Julion Jones makes him the QB he is. I think he is overrated and should not have won that MVP. That might sound harsh but it's the reality...
 yeah, jeff fischer held him back. With his new coach, he is doing much better. It's a better offense.
 I think he is a backup. Nice chatting with you!
 Same here
 I think he is a smart QB kind of ironic how he was bench QB in his high school team, I think thats funny
 It was funny indeed.  I'm sure his high school's QB is not even playing professionally anymore.
 I bet he isnt but he can always tease Brady about it, I know I would lol
 Yes, I would too.  Apparently, Patriot's running back Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 No not really just though it was a funny joke, still she might play better than the Cumberland team players, and yeah ESPN won an Emmy because of that.
 I believe there were six teams with a bye, including the Buffalo Bills.
 I do not know.    Perhaps he should move to speculative fiction if he is not!
 That is cool.    Wish I had time to read it, but I must be going!
 Dang, wonder what he would do if he saw Trump with a MAGA hat then?
 Thats ok, I would hang out wherever I wanted.  Did you know that the runner up became vice pres back in the day.  Imagine if they did that today hahaha
 Wow what a talent in school and in the field. Nice chatting with you :)
 Good one. Write that down - maybe it's something to pursue as an actual "thing" :)
 YES ! that's the one. My favorite fantasy of all times ! :) I've read all 5 books twice already :)
 I will have to check them out. Well I gotta run. Have a nice day.
 Yes so fun and imaginative. I love that it has expanded into everything from film to novels to video games!
 Yes he must be proud of that. I love the QB position because they touch the ball on almost every offensive play. Well it was great chatting with you today!
 Yes you're right! Kellen Moore is the only one who is Left-Handed. I do like Tom Brady a lot. He's definitely a right-handed man LOL
 Yes he was actually really smart. He almost got a master's degree but he was drafted before he could get that, probably better that he went in the NFL though LOL he's definitely going to make more money doing that
 Yep he was deaf. He would use everyone's bodies in a circle to cover up the other team from seeing what he was signing. I think it's very genius, and it's cool that it works for players who are hearing as well
 That is very smart! Have a great night!
 Hi! Are you interested in sports, especially football?
 That must have been some game. Hate to be the famous losing team. I would rather be famous for never fumbling the ball like Benjarvus Green-Ellis.
 Yeah, that's amazing! No surprise that he played for the Patriots!
 The Patriots are a great team. They don;t need a pink locker room like Iowa to psyche out the other team.
 That was Baker Mayfield. He claims to be an expert at Halo 3, but you're right, I'm sure football pays a whole lot better!
 I would definitely put him on my fantasy football team. People have fantasy national spelling bee teams.
 Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting things today!
 Yes, same with me. Have a great day!
 Keep learning and enjoying football!
 hi
 I wonder if he considered that an insult.  The US president has an interesting history.  Until 1805, the runner up was automatically made the vice president.
 That is genius! I'm very impressed by Alex Smith, he entered college as a junior, and was working on his masters before being drafted.
 I love it! Almost as much as I love knowing that there is a comedy fantasy author who was knighted for services to literature. 
 Yep. I bet that coach hates himself for that. Thank you for chatting with me tonight, enjoy the rest of your evening.
 I do follow football. Do you?
 I do.  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room completely pink!  lol  Wonder what that's all about?
 It's serious intimidation by Iowa! I wonder if it actually works?
 Who knows? lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that time.
 He's the one throwing the ball with the wrong hand. Brad Johnson is much more talented. He throws and catches TDs.
 Ha!  Nice!  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
 They might have. lol  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.  Impressive.
 Yeah. 6 years with 2 teams. He was a good player.
 LOL  ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created.  I would be lost without it. 
 Right? Lol. Do you play any fantasy sports? There's actually a fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee.
 lol  A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.  Interesting.  It's been fun chatting!
 Ditto! Have a great night!
 You have a great night too!
 That's what I've heard. We love the fact that the Browns will be a ton better, but the amount of press they are getting right now in football is a tad scary. I mean the critics are talking Super Bowl??? Slow down football pundits!
 Yes, great chatting with you!
 I'm a huge fan, I watch as many game as I can and play fantasy. Do you play fantasy football?
 Me too! I usually do great but always forget to get players off waivers and such. Like I pick the popular players but not so much the unknowns like Josh Allen (rookie) who had a monster year. Are you serious? for the spelling bee?
 Oh yeah, those guys who played back then made nothing! Sometimes they even had to work in the off season...can you imagine Eli Manning working in the off season?
 You know what!  I did know that. Do you know what the lowest super bowl score ever was?
 Me too. The superimposed yellow line does help me out though. ESPN won an Emmy for it.
 That is pretty funny. Hey, maybe I should try that and I'd be more into football.
 Yeah, you should do it next year. Have a good night!
 I bet football wasnt a big thing back in the day, you know theres a rb from the Patriots that never fumbled the ball?
 Hillary Clinton was a republican in college, apparently...that's interesting. 
 Wow!  Trump should grow a beard.  
 I don't but my kids do. They love it. They just hate when their team has a bye week and they can play their favorite players! It hurts when Tom Brady has a bye week. LOL. 
 I can't believe he never fumbled. Pretty crazy. Well, it's been real chatting with you. Have a good day.
 Hi. I thought that was awesome too. But now they have more choice in who they can work with. I thought it was awesome that Canadian law requires radio stations to play Canadian music 40 percent of the time.
 Totally agree. Much less divisiveness in art!  How about the President of Zimbabwe being called President Banana - I laughed a lot at that fact
 I thought the same thing. And the guest house of our President is larger than the White House. I had no idea!
 I was really surprised at that time. Latin is always advertised as being a 'dead language.' My old teacher said that people are not even certain how to pronounce it. But, if you think about it, scientists 'speak it' because of how they categorize everything. I guess those Finnish people want to make sure that people can practice their Latin.
 Yeah, I suppose youre right. Well hey, it was nice talking to you. Have a good day!
 I found that fascinating. Are radios that simple to make? It's also easy to say stuff on air. Some people use it to clarify their views, like the Midtown Tavern. Is what they said belieavable?
 I agree.  We'll just talk about some president things then such as the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 That's a great name, I wonder if it was a nickname or his actual name.
 I'm not sure.  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I think he might be number 1 now.  I think this list is old.  The US presidents guest house is bigger than the white house.  Must be to make the guests more comfy.
 I never thought of that.  Good point!  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president.  That would be interesting to see that happen today.
 True!  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office,  They must have been good.  lol
 I would hope so. lol
 I'd like a Trump pop album, the news media would eat that up!
 lol yes they would!  There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853!
 I agree.  I think we will see that maybe in the next 8 or 12 years.  Every US president with a beard has been a republican!
 No.  I can't recall even a local politician with a beard in my area. lol  Consistent use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000.  Thank for the chat!
 It was fun talking with you as well! Maybe we'll see a bearded Democratic president soon!
 Yes!  Maybe!  lol Have a great day!
 Hi, how are you?
 They had to use their imagination alot more back then.  Well, it's been fun chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.  I need to go walk my dog, now.  Take care, friend.
 I really liked that movie. 
 I will have to do that. Take it easy!
 Also grew up a Bucs fan when Doug Williams was playing for them, he finally got his Super Bowl ring.
 I thought I was remembering that correctly. Zimbabwe has president banana and we have president orange. Seems right...
 It would be more cutthroat than it is now for sure and it's bad enough already.  But he's rooting out the moles and weasels and draining that swamp, like he said, so good for him. 
 If nothing else, he can release 3 pop albums. That would be a good hobby.
 Hey, thanks for taking one for the team.  Us poor people appreciate it.  Lol
 I would rather not take one at all, I am poor too! I am not on here for the fun of it... Nice chatting with you!
 Are you a big fan of watching tv?
 I watch stuff I download on my computer. I dont have cable anymore.
 What kind of shows do you like to download?
 We have been rewatching the walking dead lately. How bout you.
 I love walking dead. Which is your favorite season?
 I couldnt pick one. I just love the show.We just binge watched all 9 easons in the lat couple weeks. The show is changing a lot. 
 The first few seasons were my favorite because it provided all the backstory and character development. Who's your favorite character on the show
 I guess it would be daryl. Just because he is about the only one left. The one I was saddest to see go was glenn though.
 Yeah he was a bad dude. I cant tell if he is changing his ways or whats going on with him now though. My wife is in love with negan. 
 Have you seen this season. It dont sound like you have.He gets put in the jail at alexandria. He ended up breaking out but went back the next day because he said there was nothing out there for him. Something is going on there. She can have negan too. I got a thing for tara. Lol.
 Nope I haven't seen it yet. But now that you've got me interested im definitely going to have to catch up on it tonight lol
 I didnt mean to ruin it for you. Sorry bout that.
 I didnt know that, but I believe it. It is a great show. Almost as good as game of thrones.
 The dragon queen for sure. She is one awesome character
 Yeah we watched it right before walking dead. 
 It is fantastic visually and the storyline
 Well Ill let you go get caught up on some Walking ddead. Have a good one.
 Thanks doggy have a great day
 bye.
 Well, I guess we'll see. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting.
 Thats so cool, Trump should collaborate with Kanye, they make a great couple and they might even reach platinum
 I actually do from time to time. I like Simpsons a lot so yeah. Nice chat :)
 Or some animal drawn carts haha. I would ride a horse to work. Or through a food drive thru. McDonald's added the drive thru in '75 for soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 Yes great chat! See ya!
 Bye!
 That sounds really cool. Nice chat!
 I have both a landline and smart phone.  I still remember the old rotary phone from when I was a kid. Things are a lot different today. 
 Lots or barns, but not much in the way of classic cars.  Being in the humid south, they rust away unless looked after.  But I did help a friend restore a '39 Buick Hearst.  I got the old vacuum tube radio going!  Good old scratch AM.
 Yeah. Well I like mine at least. Lol.
 I heard that. Can you imagine what that would look like.
 Yeah, his name was antoine de la mothe cadillac
 Yeah He sure got around back in the day huh.
 That would surely deter me. Lol.
 I know that an iphone has more computing power than  the us nuclear icbm deterent. 
 Did you know that jupiter has rakio storms.
 Yeah I kind of want to find that station and listen to it.
 Makes sense to me. Although it doesnt take that long to dial a longer number.
 Thats actually pretty amazing. I always picture these huge wire running on the bottom of the ocean
 Me too. Well it was great talking to you. 
 I like rock bands. rush and nickelback are awesome.
 Yeah I know it, but have never been.  I think it would be fun to visit though.  It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
 LOL yep it was wooden trunks. They would put them on the back of cars. And I guess the name just stuck
 LOL or you could take on picnics and use it to make your food. did you know that Karl Benz created the car? He did it back in 1886
 Yep I mostly listen to you to myself. Sometimes Pandora or Spotify though. I would never listen to Canadian radio. You need 40% of the music to be of Canadian origin. I can't think of any good Canadian music haha
 Haha yep Justin Bieber and Celine Dion LOL. I would rather listen to the classical Latin station from Finland LOL
 Yeah, I guess times change. It's kind of funny because there was a time when soldiers made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
 Ok thanks!
 The kids don't realize what they have in their hands.  Compared to the space mission the iphone is exponentially more powerful.  Probably just as well that don't know, who knows what they would do with it.
 Yet they are used for selfies and posting to Facebook.  I'm kind of old fashioned, I still listen to good old radio.
 We have to part already, and I've not even mentioned the fact about how car trunks got their name.
 They used to tie wooden trunks to the back of the cars, how about that.  Goodbye.
 Good point actually. Nice chatting with you
 Hello!
 I am average knowledge about cars, I like older cars a lot how about you?
 I love the old Mustangs, back in my day those where the cool cars lol
 Corvettes are nice too, the older cars were built to last. I have a Honda now and it's pretty good.
 I love the radio....while driving I listen all the time.
 Wow, that is interesting! I love how you can find every genre on the radio to listen to, even classical latin.
 Right!? crazy!
 Very crazy, well it was nice talking with you, take care. 
 That is nuts. That 70s show was great. 
 I like the piano. I like the idea bbc had in not reporting the news and broadcasting piano music instead. I think we could all use that instead of the news at times.
 that was a very special piano to have had 2 great hits reccorded on it.
 cool, likewise.
 Yeah,  i wish that was still a thing.  The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 Good evening!  It might be fun to have a President Banana in the White House right?  That was the name of Zimbabwe's first president actually, but we can dream.
 No money in that. No news?! Just make some up! I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
 You too!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah, The twin buildings are in Ireland and France. It's just a fun fact.
 Yeah, that is so true an very enlightening. I agree with you. I was listening to the radio earlier and laughing at the program. 
 Yes, I believe in aliens in outer space, sometimes. I also listen to the radio for classics.
 That is great, me too! I visited Canada and they play Canadian music 40% of the time, per law. 
 Yeah, the Canadians are very proud of their country and I guess love their own music too. It is a beautiful place with lovely people.  
 I know they live in the White House!
 Nice. Is that also true in Ireland and France, where they have twin White House buildings?
 Yeah, and since the White House still uses floppy disks, is this also true at the twin White Houses?
 Good question. Perhaps, since Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White house, perhaps Bush issued an executive order against CDs?
 True. Although in 2011, bullets struck the WHite House. It took the Secret Service 4 days to realize it. I wonder if the solar panels were damaged?
 Well, maybe they didn't notice because they were all inside listening to the latest pop music release from the President of Indonesia?
 The guy is a machine! But he needs a better stage name. Maybe President Banana? 
 He could be the artist formerly known as President Banana? I don't really care as long as I can listen to him on the radio! I love two things on my radio: Indonesian pop music and electromagnetic storms from Jupiter. Those are my go to listening pleasures! 
 I wonder how Jupiter gets around the law in Canada, where stations are required to play at  least 40% of their content from Canadian artists. Does Jupiter have to book Canadian storms?
 Nice. I bet they have a hockey team too! Although, I hope their storms don't sound like that Finnish radio station that broadcasts in classical Latin! 
 Yeah I wonder how many listeners they have really. Nice chatting with you
 Yes, mostly on my commute to and from work every day.
 I know a few here and there that I've been reading.  Such as the top wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I was thinking the same thing when I read that.
 No. lol Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president.  
 I don't think that would happen.  lol  Teddy Rooselelt banned Christmas trees from the white house because he was a staunch conservationist.  Good for him!
 I thought so too.  He was green way before his time.  Such a progressive.  But, George W. Bush put Solar panels on the white house, so I'll give him a shout out, as well!  Good job, George.
 Nice!  The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.  Must be trying to save on costs for the taxpayers. lol
 lol The white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.  Wonder why?
 lol  I hope they weren't shot at like the white house was on Nov. 11, 2011.  Scary that it took the secret service 4 days to realize it.
 I would hope they at least got transferred to another job.
 I do.  I would like to try to listen to the Jupitor radio storms on AM radio.  That would be neat.
 I like that law.  Gives the artists a chance.  You won't hear them in the states because the big record labels control the radio airplay.  It was nice chatting with you!
 Nice chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy your Saturday, friend.
 Well, it's been fun chatting. 
 it has have an awesome day my friend! 
 Groovy. Take care!
 Be a star at the center of your solar system like the sun!
 I certainly have the mass for it! About 98% of the solar system's.
 I believe in you! It took Neptune over two hundred years to rotate the sun, you got plenty of time. 
 Neptune was never a serious competitor for anything. Not enough moxie or gumption to make an orbit in a timely fashion. Bush league stuff.
 Yep. Have a great day!
 I like it more. I got a free 3 month premium trial and never went back to either pandora or basic. I prefer commercial free.
 It is, like $10 a month. The way I see it is most people pay for netflix, I pay for this. It also helps curate playlists I may like.
 They are. I don't think they are the best representations of Canada but...
 Huh, they have president banana and we have trump!
 That is so awesome. Nice chatting with you
 Since I am Canadian, 40% of the music on the radio that I hear come from  canadian artist. It is a great way to know them. 
 True. Yes it's interesting seeing what the government allocated funds to. For example Teddy Roosevelt band Christmas trees from the White House. But it's because he was a conservationist!
 Yes they are! Good Canadian music knowledge! You as well, bye!
 Hello!  Are you a fan of the NFL?
 Yes I am. Are you.
 I'm a big fan!  Did you know the huddle was created by a QB who was deaf so he could relay the plays through hand signals to the other players?
 I think I heard that before. It sure has become a big part of the game .
 yeah. Im a steelers fan. I bleed black and gold. 
 Well I havnt been alive that long, but Im still a big fan. Did you know that Ben is the most winningest QB in the browns stadium since they were reinstated.
 I did know that!  I miss the old rivalry between the Browns and Steelers.  I went to every Browns and Steelers game from 1980 to 1989.  Then it was time for me to enter the working world and start a family and that streak ended.
 that rivalry with baltimore was pretty good there for a long time to though.
 Yes.  I agree.  Have you ever watched Pittsburgh Dad on youtube?  
 I havnt. I have heard it was good though. Gonna have to check it out.
 Definately check it out!  His next door neighbor is a Baltimore fan.  You'll laugh your butt off!  Did you know that the Browns QB Baker Mayfield once almost quit football in order to pursue a full time competitive gaming career?
 I think either profession would be pretty awesome to be honest. I think I would go with football though.
 Me too. lol  Another interesting tidbit is that the lifetime earnings of an average engineer are higher than the earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
 I wouldnt have guessed that.
 I'm guessing because they have a longer career.  There is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an NFL game.  Crazy.
 It is crazy. Did you also know the first playoff game was played on a 80 yard field in 1932
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  Wonder when they switched it to 100 yards?  I wonder if we'll see a woman player any time soon since there's no rule against women playing?  
 I dont know. I think it would be cool to see. Just dont know if its an actual possibility.
 I'm thinking maybe a kicker or punter.  
 I do not personally know anything about Trump or his people, but I do know that Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a phd.
 I don't pay a lot of attention to Trump or his directors, but I do pay attention to radio history and think that it's so cool that Bill Murray voiced the human torch on the fantastic four radio show in the 1970's.
 That would be such a cool thing to listen to and so would the music made by the sun. There is a radio station that translates the sun's solar activity and turns it into something you can listen to.
 I wouldn't imagine it would be a lot, but I actually find Latin quite interesting. I like it when I come across a book that includes some Latin.
 I agree, it was nice talking to you as well.
 I'd love to listen to Jupiter radio stores
 I think I did hear that somewhere. I bet they use it a lot as well.
 Another interesting fact. Heres one for  you. Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. I think maybe he needs to stick to one job. What do you think.
 Your wondering who took them off and Im wondering who put them on. I bet it was The first George Bush.
 Yeah you would think the secret service would be on that sort of thing. I heard the white house still uses floppy disks in part for file storage. Wonder why they havent upgraded yet. I bet there is a good reason for it. Cant be lack of other alternatives or money. 
 It's just crazy to think what a person can do with just the things he has in his possession. I kind of want to try to make one. Just to see if I can.
 Yeah. That would be cool to hear. Just to listen to what they listened to back in the day. See a new perspective on things.
 Another fun fact. In Canada all radios are required to have 40 percent Canadian music played on them. I dont see how they would enforce that law.
 Exactly. Yes I do actually they were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. However trumps about to trump that list LOL.
 Ha ha no nothing would ever get done. Hillary Clinton and President Trump what a terrible combo LOL.
 Yeah that's really cool they were called Foxhole radios. Very innovative of them. Well it was great talking with you today I hope you have a good evening.
 Thank you you too, and watch out for imposter white houses, they have twin buildings of it both in Ireland and France, don't get confused LOL
 hi
 Hello, did you ever hear much about Spygate in the news? I didn't hear any of this shocking information.
 sorry i don't hear
 yes it's really shocked
 I wish we could get a more friendly president like Jimmy Carter who turned the thermostats down to like 65 degrees when he was president in 1977. There werent controversies like these days back then with Jimmy
 i think you know Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 yes it's good idea
 Agreed! It might even be better than when they cast Bill Murray as the Human Torch in the 1970s Fantastic Four radio show! Now, that was a great casting!
  it's good Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' - a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin
 Wow! That is startling, and what a great effort of those people to uphold a classy and artistic idea like that. Another great radio program, is this station that translates solar activity into sound and so listeners can actually hear the sun turned into music.
 thank you happy weekend
 Happy weekend to you too! Bing Crosby radio music is perfect for the holidays and was played every other song back in 1948. So, you know it's quality. Check out those Christmas classics of his, they're wonderful!
 yea sure
 Times a waistin'! Christmas will be over before you know it. Go out and enjoy that Bing Crosby.
 same too you
 happy weekend have a blast day
 you too, have a wonderful time!
 thank you
 That would be Elvis, not to be confused with President Banana, first Pres of Zimbabwe.
 Oh, I am sure it is a moniker of utmost respect and admiration... The functions of the President can vary between government structures. Perhaps in Zimbabwe, the President has power limited to oversight of long, yellow fruit.
 Can't say that I do. George W Bush put solar panels on the white house, so he is probably not in the top three... Who would you say?
 Interesting.Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house, due to his staunch conservationist streak. I wonder where he was ranked in wealth?
  Well, the secret service didn't even realize for 4 days that the white house had been hit by bullets in 2011. So, yeah, they are behind the times in DC.
 Yeah, but President Bananas House is probably yellow!  I wonder if the Guest houses in Ireland and France are also bigger than their respective white houses too?
 Daily. I especially like to listen to Finnish radio broadcasts of the news spoken in classical Latin.  Great radio to put you to sleep!
 Yeah, but it is not a Canadian station. They require 40% of all music played on their stations to be of Canadian origin, and I don't think there is any hockey on Jupiter yet.
 Oh, yeah! Weren't those things fashioned out of pencils and razor blades?  
 Yeah exactly those ones, quite interesting. Nice chat
 I'm not sure about the one in France, I have been to France many times and I have never heard of it before. I'll certainly look it up. 
 ahahah that is kind of funny, another president in Zimbabwe is called Banana 
 You never know. Do yo still listen to the radio or it's just social media like the majority of everyone else? 
 it does, Canadian music is great. some other countries however promote other kinds of music, like in Finland. a radio station had weekly programs to play classical latin music
 It's been a pleasure talking to you.
 You got it!  I have no idea why they called him that.
 Wow.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.  
 I bet they did.  The President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 I love when presidents do things like that! Makes them seem like normal people. 
 Yes!  I just read that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
 I'm not sure.  I'm going to look it up later today.  The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.
 I remember them...I even used the big ones before they had the smaller ones.  Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees from the white house.  That was a good thing.  I had fun chatting!
 haha  Have a great day!
 The idea of radio waves is fascinating to me. Systematically modulating electromagnetic energy waves lets me listen to anything I want! I think it's pretty cool!
 I had heard that.     The Zimbabwe thing was President Banana!     I wonder how wealthy he was.
 What is the address of the building?
 Who was the first president to live there?
 I wonder if they listen to the radio in the white house.
 I think I'm going to try and build one of those razorblades and pencil radios.      Have a good one!
 Good night.
 Hi, do you like radio programs?
 I love radio programs.  And i love the white house.
 Yeah, I like presidents. I especially liked Obama- he was great president.
 Abraham Lincoln and Obama are my favorite presidents.
 We both like Abraham Lincoln! That is great. He was so important to America that he ended up on the penny.
 Yes, we will always remember him as  great man.
 Yes maybe so. George Bush put solar panels on the back of the White House. Good to know he cares about renewable energy.
 Yes I agree it seems so simple but I guess some people don't understand it. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House because he wanted to conserve the trees. Pretty cool. Well I really enjoyed talking with you this afternoon. Thanks!
 Have a good one!
 Hello! Pretty good. Do you like the radio?
 That is a good question, It seems you can find out by using the AM in the radio. I would like to find out
 That is true and that is by law..It is a great advantage for canadian artists
 You are right! did you know about a very bizarre program in finnish radio?
 Yes, things that you would never think exists! like a website where you can hear a lot of radio dramas for free! did you ever hear radio dramas?
 Yas, i heard some long time ago and my parents and grand parents are very familiar with that.. I bet if the songs that the president of indonesia has written are very popular on the radio!
 that is right, and it was while in office!!
 That is right!! Did you know if any of the US presidents think the White House is too small, they can always to to their guest house which is bigger!
 Do you still listen to the radio?
 I've heard that! At least 40% of the music has to be from a Canadian artist.
 Yes.    I wonder if Canadian soldiers made foxhole radios like the Americans in WWII.
 It is amazing how far we have come, with classic radio dramas now free on the Internet.
 Yes, I love that. I've heard there are 100's of episodes for free.
 That is true, but none of them are in Classical Latin!
 Speaking of the news, I heard the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!
 Perhaps he is trying to become as wealthy as JFK, Washington or Jefferson.
 Could you even imagine? We really are lucky that since 1805 the rule has changed and the election loser is no longer the VP!
 Speaking of the White House, Did you know it has twins in Ireland and France?    I guess that makes them triplets.
 Thanks for the Chat!    I need to be like George W. Bush and check my solar panels now!
 Nice chatting with you too!
 Especially if he really needs the money! But hey, JFK inherited his wealth too. 
 Yeah, he inherited land from his father. But he paid his dues as a General. If he wanted a house as big as the President's guest house, which is really huge, I think we all could spare some money for him. 
 Well, if they were to print what Trump thinks is true, they'd be saying that the USSR was right to invade Afghanistan. At that point, we'd all be better moving to Indonesia, where the worst thing the President does is release pop albums.
 Yeah, he really did say it. Google it. I think Trump has a love/hate relationship with the NY Times. He never tried to ban them like he did with CNN's access to the White House.
 Sure. But they also had problems with the Russian new media. Trump, not so much. "Very unpatriotic" is projection. 
 If thats true, maybe there is nothing wrong with being the "enemy of the people"
 Well as long as the Press is more truthful than the President (who I believe is very untruthful), they'll remain as much an American Institution as 1600 Penn Ave.
 well at least we are not Canada, where radio stations must play Canadian music
 mover to Canada, i guess
 Yeah..the rest of the WH staff have the potential to be on the radio
 Didnt he release 3 pop albums?
 it sounds like "nuntili Latini"...though its all Greek to me.
 I remember years I bought a set of cassette tapes (dunno if you remember those) at a store of "X Minus One" an old sci-fi radio show from like the 50s.  It was pretty neat listening to them, really lets you imagination take over.  Now you can download a lot of those old shows online...
 Wow. Everything for free on the internet. I feel as rich as JFK, G.Washington, and T.Jefferson....the 3 richest Potus' of all time.
 W put solar panels on the WH. Teddy would've approved. 
 it's like one big George Costanza opposite philosophy. Take care now
 Yeah that is interesting. Luckily we don't automatically let the runner up in a presidential election become vice president anymore. That would be...interesting!
 Yeah that would make things very interesting indeed. At least we don't have an authoritarian regime with a dictator.
 Yeah what a boss! Indonesia must be the place to be.
 Yeah otherwise it would get real repetitive. Rush is another one! Well it was real nice getting to have this chat with you.
 They should try it! Maybe that would help with the deficit! I learned a lot today, thanks for chatting!
 Right! lol, they should just stay put. I am sure each president has done some type of remodeling to the White House. I wonder if they have music streaming into any of the rooms of the White House.....I am sure there must be relaxing rooms there so they can sit back and listen to the radio and put their feet up lol
 Haha, nicer than mine too :) I guess these days you don't need a sound system streaming music....I just put earphones in and listen to my favorite radio station haha. It has been great chatting! Nice conversation!
 Same here, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  All these replicas I never knew existed.  lol  Teddy Roosevelt was such a stauch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House.
 lol ...and then Ronald Reagan took them off and George W. Bush put them back on!  
 Haha! Those crazy guys! Jimmy carter also turned all the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977. That guy means business! I do love hearing about presidential history, don't you?
 I do like reading about.  I've learned a lot here recently.  ..and he did try to save money because the economy was terrible then.  LOL  The White House uses floppy discs still to store files.  That's surprises me.
 I wish I had known that when I had my kids in the early 90
 I do love listening to the radio still!  I would like to try to pick up some of the Jupiter radio storms that you can hear on AM radio.
 I will have to check that out!  Did you know that in Canada it's a law that at least 40 percent of the music played has to be Canadian artists?
 I don't know if he was.  Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios by using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode.  Pretty creative!
 lol That was probably the only form of entertainment they could get when stuck in the foxholes....which they actually called those radios foxhole radios.
 lol Those creep me out.  I've had a good time tonight chatting with you!
 Yes!  lol have a good night!
 Football.     It is amazing so many different games like Australian football also use the same name!
 i never knew that. you're really smart! it's crazy how much football players make these days!
 That's unbelievable! 
 I'm a huge fan of superhero movies. I really liked Thor. Chris Hemsworth was a good actor in it.
 I also enjoyed Natalie Portman in it. She's one of my favorite actresses.
 I prefer Rene Russo's acting in the film.
 Both were really good, as was Anthony Hopikins!
 Yes, I heard about Baldwin and Thomas, the tank engine.  Back to Saturday Night Live, apparently "weekend update" that was started on the first episode of SNL, is their longest running skit.
 Oh yeah I love that skit! Really funny! Do you like superhero movies? I think Thor is definitely one of my favorites. The Thor film in 2011 was directed by Kenneth Branagh, I though he did a great job.
 I have not seen the Thor film.  I heard a lot about it from my son.  Apparently, the spaceships were named after classic Australian Holden cars.
 Awesome yeah I did I loved that movie too! I think you would enjoy Thor as well! It was nice talking with you, have a wonderful evening!
 Yes I do watch american football, and even Canadian football which is pretty similar other then the fields are a bit bigger and the ball is different.
 I did, it started out so good and ended so badly. There is a UK version too called days like these it's even worse then the worst 70s show episodes. I think it only lasted 10 episodes.
 I'm trying to get through all 750 episodes actually, but i'm so far behind and more keep coming out.
 Yeah, I should have started watching back then. At least I have lots to watch these days.
 Yeah you can binge watch now. nice chat
 Thomas the Tank Engine? Alec Baldwin of all people also narrated it for over 50 episodes!
 Yes! It was cancelled after only 10 episodes. It must have been a disaster to get cancelled in under half of a season! 
 Oh yeah I would say so there!  Anyways, it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
 ya I think I heard of that, he makes no appearance and isn't mentioned, I wonder if they just forgot about him haha
 ya that's crazy, I want trump to release a pop album, he's friends with kanye just think if they released a record together!
 Oh! That does sound good! I like to watch cartoons like the Simpsons.
 It was! Shows they're great people. I like Mr. Plow! You?
 I actually forgot about that one! All of the treehouse of horror episodes are good though.
 haha. That was hilarious. It's a really peculiar name for a garbage dump. 
 Definitely. I had a friend who would blast that album all the time. It drove me crazy.
 I've actually seen it! I love Chris Hadfield. I've seen a lot of the things he's done. 
 Hi, how are you this morning?
 I feel the same way, friend!
 That's right you have no excuse! MAGA 2020 lol Well, it's been nice chatting with you, friend.  I have to get to church, I'll talk to you later.  Have a good day.
 Yes, I remember that one!  I've heard they got flowers from The Simpsons crew after they aired that episode.  THat's pretty funny!
 I like that the crew of the simpsons sent flowers to the south park guys
 And I'm sure that's what the big tv exec's want.  Nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 haha I probably have that addiction, I'm just glad the internet is being backed up somewhere every day, I would be so sad if it went down and we lost all our internet knowledge
 ya I don't even have cable haha, so ya lots of netflix, I do like south park though
 ya, they did an episode where southpark made fun of family guy and the simpsons creators sent them flowers because it was spot on analysis haha, thats a great episode.
 Soccer mis really popular globally. So much so that it makes more money thanfootball, baseball, basketball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined! I wonder if they have a game where soccer and baseball are played on the same field at the same time... LOL
 That doesn't surprise me, it appears to be the most popular sport in the world, since it's played everywhere. Even Jon stewart used to be a soccer player!
 I bet eh was great at talking trash during the game. He probably would make the other team laugh and then slip one by the goalie. I wish they didn't call it soccer in the US, but called it association football.
 But can you use the tongue is soccer? You can't use the arms on field. That might handicap Stewart too!
 In soccer they earn their money, running for what seems like hours. In NFL, the spend most of their time in the huddle, which seems like a break.
 that's definitely so true. Same with baseball. 
 I would guess the NFL coach has a better workout than most of the players. This is not true for the baseball coach, who can literally drink throughout the entire game. If the NFL puts tracking chips in the balls and the other equipment, where would baseball put the tracking chips?
 Wejj, at the risk of sounding crude, I think the best thing about NFL is the cheerleaders. They are underappreciated. You know, in New Orleans, cheerleaders  aren't even allowed to dine in the same location as the players. Now that is underappreciated!
 Maybe they are encouraging cheerleaders to become future players. In any event, the NFL does have it's good players too. Like Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB.
 A left-handed QB is rare. It requires a whole differnt strategy for recruiting linemen, designing and calling plays, and even hiking. But they would not need to change the huddle, a practice started to protect the QB while he was calling plays--to block the other team from seeing signals, etc.
 Yeah. The QB at Oklahoma considered quitting to become a professional gamer. I don't know if he made the right decision...
 Yes.  That sounds like fun!  I still think its funny that Americans call football soccer instead of football - short for association football
 Down here, football is a religion, at least at the collegiate level.  I am a football season ticket holder for my alma mater, the LSU Tigers.  I do follow the Saints in the NFL; they are a much stronger competitive team than when I was growing up!
 I had fun chatting with you! Have a good night! Gotta go to the top of Everest to check the Internet speed. I'll be back soon.
 Bye!
 Huge simpson's fan here! I just realized there was one episode where Bart never appeared! They didn't even mention him. 
 I'm not surprised.  The properties of electromagnetic energy fascinate me.  I want to try to build a radio like the soldiers in WWii
 There's a whole website you can listen to thousands of classic radio episodes for free.  I don't know it off  hand, but I'm sure you can search for it. 
 I enjoy watching football. My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offensive team.
 Great! I was just doing a little shopping online. Browsing the Amazon internet jungle... You?
 I guess he wants to be punctual?  I am also amazed that Amazon was able to get the US Postal Service to deliver mail on Sunday! That is a miracle!
 The power of packages!  The warehouse workers walk about 15 miles per day!  Sounds like boot camp!
 I hope he didn't buy something embarrassing! TO be remembered forever for buying a book about pansies.... I think Bezos should run for President!
 If he won the Presidency, he would be one of the richest ever!  Maybe even top JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, the reignig top three richest Presidents!
 Nice! One more reason to vote Bezos 2020!  He could give everyone amazon prime memberships for free as part of his platform!
 Disagreeing... sure!  Maybe they could record an album together, like th President of Indonesia did while in office.
 But Trump is buddies with Kanye West. He is moving in that direction... 
 Nice! Perhaps if they bring that rule back then ever political problem in the country would magically dissapear!...NOT!
 That's interesting. Well it was a good chatting with you. 
 It really is. I think its even more amazing that Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain and it is supposed to run for 10000 years.
 Yeah think about that. You spend 27.95 on a website and get a building named after you. That would be pretty cool.
 I'm just thankful I get my packages delivered on Sundays, lol.
 That was a good deal that they made with the postal service. Did you know that amazon also owns IMDB.
 Yes it is. Up until 1805 the runner up in the election was made vice president. Could you see that working today?
 I could see trump releasing a dis album about Hillary. It would have an explicit lyrics warning on it though.
 Bye.
 Hi there!  Do you still listen to the radio?
 I agree with you.  I've thought about that as well.  Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong you can pick them up on an AM radio?
 Hhahahahaa  In Canada, it's a law that at least 40 percent of the music played be Canadian artists.
 lol  Nice.  3rd Rock won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 LOL  That's an interesting take on it.  hahaha  
 I wonder who listens to it?  lol  The Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black.  I bet it would have been better than the Ryan Reynolds one.
 I agree with you there!  Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums white in office?  Talk about a politcal comedy.... lol
 Hahaha....What was the name of the Zimbabwe president?
 First name, Top.  Last name Banana.  He likes his martinis shaken not stirred.  Like anyone ever stirred a martini.   
 lol  I was surprised to read that the US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.
 Maybe!  lol  It was a good chat!  Have a good day!
 Yeah, you're right. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas, free of charge. Not my thing but probably means something to some people.
 I would definitely like that more!
 Yes. Who doesn't like to laugh? Maybe nuns?
 HAHAHA. Nice. And, yes I have. I loved that movie. Sister act 2... not so good.
 I am a public school kid... so keep the intelligence to a minimum... HA!
 Ok, we can have a normal conversation then. We'll keep the syllables to a minimum...
 I heard that brevity was important.
 No. He said "Give me liberty or give me potassium." I heard it really fired up the troop. It was an appealing speech
 HA! As long as he wasn't too bunched up.
 Oh no... You just won... I applaud you! My bunch was too much of a stretch but your monkey... Gold!
 Yeah, based on looks, you could understand my confusion. 
 I love the classics like Richard Prior and Eddie Murphy. The new stuff, I like Neal Brennan.
 Love him. Like I loved this chat. Have a good night!
 I really like dark humor and ironic comedy
 Nah i only watch good shows like Family Guy
 Which is a comedy, since when do you watch Family Guy ? I have watched before it was cancelled. I was sad when it happened. 
 I watched the first episodes about 5 years ago. very cool.
 When it was cancelled, it was before the era of memes, so its popularity was underground, when it was popular on the internet, they brought the show back. It was surprising, most cancelled shows never come back. 
 No they are overrated imo
 I don't watch Tv often so I wouldnt know.
 Keep watching things that make you laugh, it is good for the health, happy holidays. 
 yup thats true, I wonder where President Banana of Zimbabwe sits on that list haha
 haah ya thats funny, did you see that episode? South Park really roasted Family guy
 haha that is cool! Do you like George Carlin! I love his dirty comedy I wonder if he did any in the show lol
 I do like the Simpsons.
 Correct. That I agree back then things were very different than what they are today.
 Yeah!!! I agree with you on this. It was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a great day. Thanks
 It was nice chatting with you as well!
 Ha ha. I wonder how that happened. What a silly nickname for a president. 
 I do watch it every now and then!  How about you!  Know anything interesting about it?
 Wow.  That's a lot!  Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying it's famously anti-democratic party agenda!
 I agree!  In 2007 Fox news tried to have a conservative version of the "Daily Show" called the "1/2 Hour News Hour".  It was cancelled after only 13 episodes.  Never knew that.
 I think they have been accused of that. lol  The percentage of airtime on Fox news dedicated to opinion is 55%...for MSNBC it's 85%!
 I didn't know that!  In 2015 the median viewer age for Fox news was 68 years old.
 The current one has let me down on the local job economy.  The only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wison!  That's amazing that only one dr. has ever held that position.
 I would to...but when Trump came through my area he promised to revive the local job economy which has been in a downslide since 1990.  Instead of getting better, places are closing at a faster rate including Chevy who shut down an auto plant in Lordstown, Ohio.
 I would say he's lost all the votes he had here before. lol  Speaking of which...only 5 presidents have been elected whil still losing the popular vote.
 I'm not familiar with that president?  What did he do?
 I guess so! lol  The last U.S. president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.
 I know.  You would have thought that there would have been a lot more of them.  Have a great day!
 Hi! Are you a football fan? I love the NFL, even if there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay each game. Ha!
 I did, so I expect my packages asap! Haha. Amazon is a great company, super futuristic inmy opinion! They have everything and deliver right to my door! I just love them! I meant to say the clock may run for *10,000 years. Haha. I need to get some coffee, i think! It was nice talking to you!
 You as well! Have a wonderful day! :)
 Yeah since 1998, they are just everywhere
 If that's the case, then deflate-gate would have been much less controversial! Lol
 Yes he only wanted to promote positivity. So he stopped doing dramas actually. I actually think some of his best movies were dramas. For instance I really like The Truman Show
 I'm not sure if it's on Netflix actually. It's a movie and it is really good. I think it's from the 90s
 You know that does sound familiar.  I think I did watch something about that.  Didn't Reed Hastings have like a $40 late fee for renting the movie Apollo 13.  You know I have watched that movie on Netflix.  
 Love Jim Carrey.  Watched all his movies as a kid.  My favorite is the Mask.
 He is a famous actor that became one because all the pretty girls were in drama class
 Hi turker, are you a football fan, if you are what is your favorite team?
 Hmm, I don't know. But now I'm wondering if there's an Australian version of "Glee" or "Rise" starring an Australian rules player who also sings and/or acts. Now that would be quite the drama!
 Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
 Bye!
 Yeah, and those shoe deals are valuable! I know Alan Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with Reebok.
 Yeah. That's a lot, but so is the $800k a year he's been getting since 2001.
 Well, that is true.I can not believe football is so advanced! Did you know they use tracking devices?
 Don't they do that with the footballs too? In terms of things like velocity and rotation?
 They sure do. Sounds like they keep track of everything that is going on.
 hi
 Nah, I enjoy talking the sports thing once in a while, so I enjoyed chatting. Makes me seem like I actually know what I'm talking about, ha ha.
 Hello! Do you like to travel?
 I do like to travel. Trying to get to South Africa next. Have you ever been to Japan?
 Yeah, that's true. To travel all the way across Japan it would cost more than 300$ in tolls. Crazy.
 Yeah, the dutch are creating a commuter bus that travels at 160 mph. That's fast!
 Yeah, we waste so much time with transportation. It feels like just getting to work is one of the most stressful parts of working.
 No, I take public transportation and it can be a little sketchy at times. A lot of drunk people in the subway late at night. Iceland has no public rail service.
 Yeah,I never thought about that. There is an island that has banned motorized vehicles. 
 That sure does have to be peaceful. I hate walking around with cars whizzing by.
 Elephants might be a little scary, lol. Speaking of cars, The trunk of the car was named after the fact that they used to put wooden trunks on the back.
 Lol, that is quite a head scratcher. Mcdonalds added drive thrus to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to leave their cars.
 Yeah, you too! bye!
 Bye!
 Yes. I like cars. Cars is a motor vehicle used for transportation in roads and carry people safely.
 Yes, that is right. The 1908 Ford Model T was one of the first cars available to the masses. 
 Yes. Modern car is invented by Karl Benz in 18th century, In 20th century only, cars are available for human uses.
 In the 20th Century developed economies relied on cars after they came into global use.
 Yeah. The cars are propelled by internal combustion engine which have fossil fuel to run, which causes lot of pollution to the environment, some countries are using Ethanol as fuel to avoid pollution.
 That is a good idea. Did you know the old cars used to have a wooden trunk on the back and that is how the car trunk got its name?
 Now days, Electric are also available for human uses but it very costly, some countries only using this type of cars to avoid pollution.
 The first king to travel around the world was king Kalakaua of Hawaii.
 Travelling in car for the long distance is very nice. Toll cost is very high.
 The president is a common title for the head of the government or nation.
 I agree it sounds fun. It was nice chatting with you.
 Thanks. Have a great day.
 You as well!
 Yes, it was the same vehicle. I'd love to have one carry me one day, just like that.
 Where is Cadillac in his name then?
 He was until he was injured. He took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior. That's pretty impressive. 
 Cool, I do too.  Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the Patriots!
 Thanks, I think so, too.  Love me some Tom Brady!
 Yeah he is pretty good. He is getting up there in years like brady is though.
 I think a lot of it is the revenue from all the ads. I'm gonna have to be getting ready for work here soon. Nice chatting with you.
 Same here!  Nice chatting with you, as well.  Hope you enjoy your Friday!
 I agree Aaron Rogers is one the best quarterbacks in the league right now. 
 Saquon Barkley was rooting for the Jets when he was growing up. Kizer is another great quarterback and he will get better in time.I agree with you. 
 I agree. Well it was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a nice evening!!! Bye
 I really liked sliding sports in the winter games.    Do you know what any of them are called?
 Wow!   I would not want to be hit by that much traveling at high speeds?    Do you know how fast a bobsled can go?
 OK.    Thanks.    I was reading about Elena Meyers Taylor.     I think she won a medal in 2010, but don't remember which one.
 I wonder if that would happen with a female player?    I guess such a thing would be possible.
 Tv shows and movies sometimes... 
 Sometimes I watch the Simpsons. There's only one episode where Bart does not appear and isn't mentioned.
 wow :) they did alright without Bart ? I love cartoons like that - where they show cool satire on current events ;)
 Yeah, I never got into anime cartoons though. There were 750 episodes of Pokemon made so I know they were highly popular.
 Yeah... I mean my friends were always watching that... I could never convince myself to start...  the drawing looked like manga and the only manga cartoon I watched was about soccer and it was called "captain Tsubasa" ;)
 Maybe an episode or two :) Not a fan of Ashton Kutcher
 I think it would be great if they could meet eligibility requirements.
 haha that is true, I think we know he'd say his record sales were YUGE though haha
 nope, id be more likely to listen to a jupiter radio storm than to listen to my own foxhole radio haha
 Hi, how are you?
 Me too. But maybe inflation got him. Who are the 3 wealthiest?
 He would be so mad too if it failed.
 There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives. I would be so sappy at a dog bood drive. Look at the cute babies helping each other!!!!
 I always get a little proud when I see service dogs. To give your life to serve someone unconditionally is really altruistic and they're just happy being dogs...
 Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. I tend to think AOL was a cat company...
 Nice chatting with you!
 Ronald Reagan used to use the term "welfare queen" referring to poor black mothers. They are trying to compare it trumps hatred of main stream media.
 You too.
 Hi, how are you?
 Or the president of Zimbabwe.
 Would you have the loser of the presidential race on the album with you? They used to be the vice president after they lost.
 I knew I loved them! AOL was probably a cat company and that is why they failed.
 Yes, and how cool is it that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives!
 Istanbul has vending machines for strays... that's a good country!
 They are the first animal to be domesticated. They do a lot of tasks for humans too!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Hi! Are you a sports fan? Football or baseball?
 Funny!  Can't escape death and taxes!  Reminds me of poor Reggie Miller. He couldn't escape his sister. Once he tried bragging about his 40-point performance only to find out his sister scored 105
 Poor guy!  But he will never get to wear Air Jordans again!  I remember when AJs were banned from NBA play. Jordan wore them anyways!
 Yeah, but when you have confidence, attitude, and Nike to pay your fines, it didn't bother him a bit!
 Nice!  I bet he has a few stories to tell!  One of my favorite players was Tim Duncan of the Spurs.  He stayed in College, sacrificed a few bucks, but earned more respect!
 My father used to do it all the time when we played together. He was unstoppable!  I hear that it has been shown by scientists to be more reliable. If only Shaq had learned how to do that, then he would have improved his FT immensely!
 That is great! I wonder if that has any effect on the other team. 
 Where would we be without it?  We wouldn't know!  Why don't they do that in bowling? Put a few virtual  lines down the screen. Then maybe salaries for bowlers would rise to their former glory, when bowlers were paid more than NFL players!
 True, and with great performances, like Patriot's Green-Ellis--a running back who never fumbled a single all--it brings more attention ot the game!
 You are probably right about that!  They dominated! Reminds me of the dominant play of Kareem Abdul-Jabar! He dominated the boards, and was so unbeatable at jamming the dunk, the NCAA tried banning the dunk to make it seem more fair!
 Well, that is history! It has been nice chatting with you! Bye!
 Yes scientist say it is actually the most effective way to shoot a basketball. I would just love to see professional players using at myself haha. It would be so funny to watch them do that
 Yeah, I like how he had a backup plan. He stayed in college instead of going right to the NBA
 I watch every now and then. I enjoy college BBall more. Less predictable. It's hard to believe that the NBA was founded in 1946.
 Everyone made free throws by granny style. Physicists say this is the best way to shoot, and most consistent, but NBA players refuse to do it because they don't like the way it looks. Ego wins again.
 NBA stars wear funny looking sneakers, and that doesn't seem to bother them. Probably because it comes with a nice paycheck. Air Jordans were banned originally by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway because Nike would pay the fine. Sounds like the NBA had a nice way to pocket some cash off of the deal.
 Lots of money in sports marketing. Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement deal with Reebok that would pay him $800,000 per year until he reached 55, and then he would get a lump sum of $32 mil. Another sale
 Character is worth the wait, and sports have changed a lot over the years.  Did you know that in the 1960, the top bowlers were paid more than the best NFL players? I don't ever remember seeing a $32 mil bowling shoe endorsement deal...
 That was quite a while ago, long before ESPN earned an Emmy for projecting a virtual yellow line on the TV screen to make the first down marker. How did we ever survive without it?
 Imagine trying to keep track of the first down marker location during that 222-0 blowout where Feorgia Tech annihilated Cumberland. The sideline judges must have been winded all day long!
 I wonder if they have that yellow line in other forms of football, like Rugby, Australian football, or Gaelic Football?
 Have you ever watched Canadian Football? Some of the greats of the NFL actually got their start there, like Jim Kelley of the Bills.
 Yeah the Jim Kelley story is really awesome, but no I don't watch too much of that. Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
 Nice!  I remember her!  Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
 Yeah he is the inventer of basket. I read a book about him once.
 Nice!  He was also the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history.
 Thats pretty crazy if you think about it. Did you know that Cheryl miller scored 105 points in a game once.
 Holy smokes!  I didn't know that!  In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 That is just plain crazy. Did you hear about the great contract Allen Iverson signed with reebok?
 I didn't hear about that.  How much did he get?
 What a sweet deal!  He's set for life!  Tim Duncan, who played for the Spurs, sacrificed money and stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA.  I think he did that because of a promise he made to his grandmother.
 I can see him making sure he finishes and gets his degree. I think I would have went to the nba when I could though. If he had gotten hurt. He would really be kicking himself.
 I would have had to go to the NBA and set myself up for life with the money.  Then I would have taken classes in the offseason.  lol  Did you ever own a pair of Air Jordan's?
 No but my son has. He has actually had several pairs.
 Nice.  I never could afford them.  lol  Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA.  However, Jordan wore them anyways as Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
 I am!  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created?
 It was a really good idea. I heard that the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. 
 I wonder why they did that?  It's been fun chatting!
 I would say to get into the mind of the other team or just to be funny. Good chatting with you as well. Have a great day.
 Probably in the early days I would imagine. That's funny about that pitcher. I can't imagine Babe Ruth was too happy about that.
 That's true. I think it's what we know as soccer in a lot of other countries. 
 I don't know.   Probably some live thing which might include other sports like Baseball.
 That is some wild and wacky stuff.   Perhaps I will tell that to someone on the telephone.
 Seriously! Technology is amazing! Thanks for chatting. 
 I always thiought that was actually on the field and not just on the TV. I always wondered how they moved it around. it is definitely emmy worthy, and a huge staple to watching football on tb now
 I actually never noticed that before, but it must draw the eye to the area more for the viewer. I like all of these helpful additions over the years
 im surprised they didnt strange each other having to work together on something so stressful! must be true love
 Yeah, it sure would.  Good talking to you
 I agree with you on that.  They hate him and it shows every time they open their mouth.  It's actually kind of funny to watch them.
 Thanks for saying all that. In the South we have many funny sayings to describe the current political climate. Trump is coming at them from all sides everyday and they don't know what to do.  Too funny.
 Can you imagine both Democrat and Republican in the top 2 offices? OMG. Speaking of TV  Are you a fan? Did you know that there is only one simpsons that bart was not on and was not mentioned?
 I am very interested in space and space travel.  Living out in the country, we have very little light pollution, so you can really see the night sky.  While I wish the NASA space travel programs were not curtailed, I am impressed by the private sector picking up the slack.  Apparently SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule test is going well, so we might be back into manned flight soon!
 I learned it off of the Rugrats show. Haha! I never knew that either. And google needs to be a little more diverse with their pet preference!
 Oh! Rugrats show! That was a long time ago haha! There's even a code of conduct mentioning dogs at google! I love dogs but don't discriminate against other animals haha. Do you have a favorite type of dog?
 That's so intriguing. Dogs have a special place in our lives. They do so much for us. And who knew dogs actually understand when we point to something? 
 I'm not sure if this is a prank or not but the university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink, what do you think?
 No, I dont think so lol, maybe if it was a famous goat like Bill the Goat
 They have and they do, they assist the police, the military, fireman, people and they also cheer many up. 
 Good evening there. Do you like dogs? I love them because they're truly man's best friend.
 Smart! Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs!
 That is so cool. I also like Google because they prefer dogs to cats just like me.
 You probably don't want to now. Well nice chatting!
 Agreed, where has hockey has 60 minutes. Almost 6x more!
 Yep, although it does sometimes get cold when you are watching hockey. Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
 Hello!
 I like football but don't really follow it, it is interesting that Bob Beattie worked as n assistant football coach at one point years ago, he has done so much. Do you like football?
 What? I wonder how that can be? Very interesting! It is also interesting that Bob Beattie helped create the world cup! This man was exceptional. He had such a long broadcasting career. 
 I know, you would think all the people buying gas and food and hotels would definitely boost the economy. I always like to watch Football and The Olympics on television, best seat in the house lol.
 Really? That's a bit odd haha, I like the Simpsons. I like a lot of TV shows but don't get to watch very much. I like South Park reruns though lol
 That was really nice! I like watching Football clips on the news and catching up on That 70's Show! They tried to do a remake in the UK but it was cancelled. 
 That is a lot of shows! That is about 50 per year! For about 16 years straight lol, that is crazy!
 hello
 Yes i knew, and also for instance In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
 Yeah i was wondering the same, plus Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
 Yes, i adore Qatar, Doha. The will make it for sure. And did you know that The united states got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930?
 Let's talk about my favorite television lol. It sometimes shortened to tele or telly, is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black and white), or in colour, and in two or three dimensions and sound.  
 I love TV too! But what I don't like are ads, they seem a bit disruptive, but television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news. I would say I prefer the latter two haha.
 lol. And do you  agree that Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news.?
 Yes sure, my childhood favorite cartoon lol. There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears
 I think yes, they might be won Emmy in my opinion
 haha, that's all that matters. The show "That 70's show" was remade verbatim in the uk to be called 'days like these' . How relevant
 yes, was nice to chat with you. have a great day
 Yes you as well
 good morning to you!
 I would have loved to have been to that concert, just watching all of the dogs have a good time at the show
 not too much, im more of a podcast guy. which i guess is sorta like radio but just on the internet
 That would be so interesting. I wonder if Trump would choose German to support his fanbase... just kidding haha. 
 Oh, I don't know.  It would make for smarter candidates.  And the candidates would know more about the world in general.  More presidential candidates.
 Right on.  Instead we have titter wars started for small reasons. It does entertain the voters however.
 Lets try a slightly less political topic... In 1972 the band Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever.  Three people rendered unconscious.  Are they an american band?
 I'm a slight fan of Dave Matthews, not too big of a fan though. Do you like Linkin Park? They played 324 concerts in 2001 because of how successful their debut album was!
 That's so funny. I wonder what that must've been like for her, to suddenly see Dave Matthews on the side of the road and get to pick him up. And if you think that's a lot of concerts, you'd be surprised to find out that the Ramones played 2,263 concerts over the course of 20 years, basically non-stop!
 That would be musical theater.  Something I know nothing about.  I do know that in 2010 Lou Reed held a high frequency concert for dogs.  I wonder, by the end, did they know who was a good boy?  It is time to go.
 Aww that is so cute! I'll have to check that out. Nice talking with you!
 I have been to many concerts how about you?
 I would probably have to go back many years and say Aerosmith or Pink Floyd.....and you?
 Wow, good one....I think it was late 80s early 90s is when I was seeing most of the concerts I wanted to. Great great shows.
 Definitely! I wish I could have seen Linkin Park before Chester Bennington passed away, but I keep their music on my playlist.
 I still listen to the radio in my car I like the radio. So many people don't anymore.  Did you know that in Cananda all radio stations are required to play 40% of canadian music....strange lol
 I do once in awhile or Youtube plays in the background as I am on my computer.
 Yes, I have heard that but haven't tried it. Sounds interesting though.
 Yeah I think it does as well, that is very cool to me. 
 I would love to know lol.....it has been great chatting!!!
 Have a Happy New Year!
 Yeah, that is America. We support fairness! I was eating lunch and remembering that Mcdonalds added drive-thru's to accommodate soldiers in 1975 who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues. Thats fair!
 HA! That is pretty true! Great point! All those hamburgers did not help obesity. 
 Yeah, that is amazing! Well, it is almost like rotary phones that dialed 212 area code the fastest.
 I had one of those when I was little. I think it was after its time but my parents were too cheap to replace it.
 That is a funny memory! Great!
 I would like to see his resume after all of that,
 I like the Simpsons quite a bit actually. 
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
 Vodka ?
 That's cool - I didn't know that... if would be nice to get a check for million dollars as well, but hey... card is nice too... :)
 Yeah that might increase his popularity. It is good it's not 1805 because Clinton would be Trumps vice lol!
 good morning to you!
 some tech stays around for awhile, like faxes, but other tech like TV moves so rapidly. Like just 60 years ago black and white tv was the gold standard
 I didnt know they had their own version! I'll have to go check that out
 I do a little bit. How about you? I used to love that 70 show. Its one of my all time favorites.
 I know. Guess it just didnt translate. I always liked the simpsons as well. Did you know there is only one episode where bart isnt metioned or doesnt make an appearance?
 I believe it is. We dont have cable right now but Im sure it is still airing. Are you a pokemon fan?
 Im suI wonder if those buildings have solar panels like the real white house does. George bush had solar reinstalled to the white house.re they do. 
 Not much really he was Trumps chief strategist so he must be pretty good at his job, if he could make someone like Trump win then he does miracles lol
 And I bet someone got fired that day lol how can they miss that, I bet the president wasnt happy about that, 
 I watched it as a kid! I always loved that show but it was on so early I never got to watch it too much, but now I know there are about 800 episodes, I'll never be able to catch up LOL
 Wow. I wonder what the difference between them is. I know Trump got $400M from his dad. Is that counted in the amount?
 Trump, of course.  John Kelly would have to separate them. Luckily , after 1805, the rule changed.
 Oh, okay.  You are funny.  One more fact before I said goodbye:  Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees at the white house.  Nice talking to you.  Have a nice evening.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Not really, they all look the same to me ;) do You ?
 A quarterback (commonly abbreviated "QB") is a position in American and Canadian football. 
 I am a huge Brady fan, he is the best QB of all time!
 you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
 yes 
 Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music, and smile more when they hit the beat 
  because its baby
 yes sure
 no i am not a good dancer you
 ohh ok
  you knowThe National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC)
 yes
 not particular favorite team  just watch
 Merry Xmas
 They are raising money for the boys and girls club to help their standing.
 Hi, do you like NFL football?
 Yes very good point. Babies also spontaneously dance when they hear music...very cute! Well it was great chatting with you partner.
 As a matter of fact I am, and play fantasy and watch at least a couple games per weekend. You?
 No joke. Its not surprising that we werent in the superbowl thats in February each year! 
 To watch.  I like dancing but am not good at it.  I just throw myself around and have fun.  I have no style!  lol  Did you know that Tupac Shakur danced ballet in high school?
 Not really.  I'm just amazed people can move like that.  Even Bruce Lee was a great dancer.  He won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 I never thought about it until now.  Michael Jackson had a patent on a device that was used to achieve his extreme leans in some of his dance moves.  All this time I thought he was doing that naturally!  lol
 Wow.  That could get expensive!  Babies will dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat!  Do you follow football?
 I do during the season.  Out of the 32 NFL teams do you have a favorite?  I like the Browns.
 Yes.  That's correct.  He was a great QB.  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard so the other tam couldn't read his hand signals?
 Yes!  Can't believe he's been in the league that long.  Seems like yesterday it was 2005 and he was playing in San Francisco.  Time sure flies.  Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?  I'm not familiar with him.
 Yes.  Vic is the manager of one of the teams in the new American Alliance of Football league.  There is no written rule against female players in the NFL.  Be nice to see one make it one day.
 Yes.  I agree.  The average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Crazy when you think about it for the amount of money you pay to go to a game.
 It depends if they are using it to gather data for safety I'm for it.  I gotta run. Loved the chat!
 Talk about luck, good for him. nice chat :)
 Yep you're 100% right. The quarterback's name was Paul D Hubbard. I always wondered how you could have a deaf quarterback, but he must have been pretty good because he invented such an iconic thing
 No I don't think so. But that would be a game I would want to see haha
 I think he is a really hard worker and is dedicated to the game. He works harder than everyone else on the field.
 Football has interesting roots. The circular huddle came about from a deaf quarterback that needed to use hand signals.
 Football is a tough sport and hard on the body. Baker mayfield probably should have pursued his love of competitive gaming instead of football.
 Or he could have played kickball, which Canadians call soccer-baseball.
 What a great find!!! He could buy some tracking chips that NFL players have in their shoulder pads.
 I agree! Nice meeting you!
 Haha, I have heard that from several different people.  
 I would have been all over that deal!  lol  That's interesting.  I can't believe it's been 15 years already since Facebook was founded in 2004.
 Whoa!  I've heard of those cars in South Africa where they are legal.
 lol  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 I think any time he can create some publicity he does it.
 That's pretty interesting.  I'll have to read up more on it for sure.
 LOL  We'll talk about something else like cars.  I can't believe that they have cars in South Africa that are equipped with flame throwers to prevent carjackings!
 That brings new meaning to "getting burned in traffic."  I am happy about McDonald's putting in the drive thru.  
 I didn't realize that didn't happen until 1975 to accommodate soldiers.  I was only 4 years old then. lol
 lol  Right?  I had a good time chatting with.  I'm going to have to look up some of that stuff.
 OK, I enjoyed it too.  Watch out for those flame-throwers!
 lol  will do!  Have a great day!
 I agree with you there.  I cant believe it's been around already for 15 years since it was founded in 2004.
 That is sad.  I don't even look at that garbage or all those useless memes.  It's a huge waste of time. I just use to stay in touch with close friends and family.
 Aww.  Sorry about that.  If it makes you feel any better, I'm always the one reaching out to my family.  I rarely hear from them if I didn't initiate to reach out to them.  I wonder how Myspace feels now about turning down the chance to buy Facebook for $75 million in 2005?
 Yes.  Did you hear about the Facebook promotion that Burger King had?
 If you unfriended 10 people on Facebook, Burger King would give you a free whopper!  I think I would have had to delete a few people. lol
 That is crazy!  Wow.
 That's tough question...Probably Reagan since I've been alive because it sure seems like things were better all around in the 80's.
 I didn't know that!  Interesting!  Have you heard about the flame thrower cars they have in South Africa to prevent carjackings?  I sure wouldn't want to live there.  I would be afraid they would fall into the wrong hands.
 Oh boy...those self driving cars scare me.  lol  It's been fun chatting with you tonight!
 No way Jose.  lol  I have to get going.  Have a good night and thanks for the chat!
 Me too! Hilinski was a great quarterback!
 I really couldn't name only 1 haha who is yours?
 Oh yeah, great choices! Tom Brady is insanely talented.
 I guess he did a lot of good in his life being a doctor and all
 There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Haha, right! Hopefully he was actually running the country and not just making the pop album! I would be more entertained if the runner up still became the vice president though. Though, it probably would not be the brightest idea.
 Good morning! I think I could talk about the Government and politics all day long!
 Yes, it is. I find it funny that Wikileakes published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.
 Wow! That is a lot of land. I think it is nice what the Norwegian Government did in 2008.
 Yes, I agree. It was very selfless. Have you heard about the man in France and his sale of the Eiffel Tower?
 Yeah, maybe. And that is surprising about the albums!
 I don't think it would be a good idea to have Trump and Clinton together. They would not get a long at all.
 I like the radio. I know Jupiter has storms so strong that they can be picked up an heard by an am radio.
 I like that law. It seems like it keeps things fair.
 No kidding! Sounds creative.
 I know, so tough. It was nice chatting with you
 They would have to be very familiar with Canadian bands. Or just play a lot of RUSH and Alannis Morisette to be safe haha
 I've never been but I surely want to go there someday! Norway too. Their government donation 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest
 I agree, I think everyone should be doing their part, especially the people that lead our countries. Heck, Norway is so far away from the Amazon and they did a huge amount to help!
 I would say I am more interested in government.  Systems or groups of people organized in a community do something to me.
 You would think Mr. Eiffel would have something to say about a guy putting up for sale signs, having tours through the living room.
 It is important when water boarding to have legislation on your side.  I like how the Norwegian Government donated $1 billion to save the amazon forest.  Our government would sell chimpanzees guns but thats about all.
 Top Banana.  I hear there is prison time if you forget his first name.  Canada has a la that 40% of all music must be canadian.  good for them.  Country and western needs a place to go.
 He didn't call himself that, but his last name was actually Banana.
 Thats funny lol, I bet the VP has a curious nickname as well, I bet President Banana likes yellow
 well I listen to youtube personally, but I did hear that Jupiter has radio storms that you can pick up on AM radio, maybe listen to those next time before work? haha
 right I agree, they were called foxhole radios and must have player a super important part in the war
 ok..lol  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in the American history were JFK, Washinton, and Jefferson.
 lol  I think this data may be from before he was president.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.  I couldn't imagine that working in this day and age.
 LOL  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!
 I would have to say Jason Momoa's character now  lol  because I just met him at a comic con. lol
 I forgot to put the name....lol  Kahl Drogo.  You would have to look him up.  If you don't watch the show though, you won't get the Trump nick.
 I do!  I would like to try to find the AM channel where I could listen to the Jupitor radio storms.  I think that would be neat.
 They just might! lol  I like how in Canada, the law requires that at least 40 percent of the music played has to be Canadian artists. I think that gives some artists a better chance of being heard.  
 I'm not sure on that one.  I know they have a different domains there that end in .ca Speaking of gov'ts...did you know that 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
 Both! lol   In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.  I had fun chatting with you!
 You have a good night too!
 nope he is not. nice chat
 What do you think about the new royal couple Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?
 I wonder how they chose who attended their wedding?  They visited Wales and Cardiff the Welsh capital together.
 Markle is very popular.  They called Markle a natural with the crowds and they even had "Meghan Mania."  Do you enjoy the couple?
 Meghan and Prince Harry got to experience Welsh culture preparing for their wedding and sampling Welsh cakes.  Sounds like fun!
 Wonder how much Washington paid for his wig since he was loaded?  The first president of zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 Hi, what is your opinion about the government?
 I think The United States government owns 47 percent of all land in the West. ... Utah and Nevada, the majority of land is owned by the federal government. Is it right?
 The federal government owns more land in Nevada than any other state. Here's which counties in Nevada the government owns the most land.
 Oh! that's nice. 
 Sorry, i don't know about it. 
 Yes, it's too good. Do you like Radio?
 Which program you mostly like?
 Yes, that's interesting. 
 I mostly like The Goon Show.
 The Goon Show was a British radio comedy program. 
 Okay, thank you very much for chat with me. 
 It's going good.  I didn't know that.  I know that in authoritarian regimes, dictaror or leader of a one party state may also be callled a president.
 That is interesting!  I think it's funny that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. lol
 I know right?  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president.  I wonder how they worked out?  Bet they fought a lot behind closed doors.
 haha  I wonder why the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
 Hahaha  They might have been there!
 I didn't.  That is pretty cool and I wonder how they knew how to do that?
 haha I've heard of that show.  They've been streaming that on a Finnish radio station since 1989.
 I've never listened to a radio drama.  I'll have to find that website and give a listen.
 I just can picture him singing! the 1st president of Zimbabwe was called banana!
 I am a fan of America and want our presidents to do well. Are you a fan of our president?
 Maybe they used the proceeds to help save the rainforest.
 HA! He can incorporate his experiences as president into a pop album.
 Agreed. Nice chatting with you!
 I think thats funny and also ironic, seems like Wikileaks is one step ahead of the govenmet
 He posed as a government official and found two suckers that feel for it
 It was good talking to you. 
 I agree.  Some government bodies do good things, such as the Norweigan government who donated money to help save the Amazon rainforest.  That is a government I can respect.
 I agree, free radio is fine. Pay radio just isn't significantly better. I was listening to one show where they were saying the Norwegian government donated a billion dollars to save the rainforests in the amazon. I wish other countries would take that approach.
 Imagine if they still did that now. Trump would love it.
 Agreed. I would think being able to talk to others in their language would be helpful. At least they are not called president banana!
 Nice chatting with you!
 Tom Wolfe lived a pretty good life. I haven't read his books, but many of them got made into films. Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you!
 Thanks again!
 No problem.  It was nice chatting with you. 
 That is a good question.  Imagine the person trying to come and claim it with their bill of sale in tow.   
 Good point.  I'd probably stick with some classic radio dramas.  I hear you can listen to thousands of those for free online.
 I do! I learned a little bit from this Finnish radio station, they host a weekly news program entirely in classical latin.
 Oh I am sure they did and they are usually set for life after that. nice chat
 Not sure but the US President's guest house is larger than the White House. I wonder if it is on Air BNB. LOL. 
 Great chatting with you too - have a great day!
 ya he was a massive star, definitely a bigger star that the pop star indonesian president, haven't heard any of his songs haha
 ya you can make a radio out of a pencil and razor apparently, and no I don't know how that works haha
 That would be very funny. I can only imagine some songs he would release.
 Thats interesting. US politics can be very confusing. Up until 1805 the runner up in the election automatically became the vice president. Can you imagine Hillary Clinton as Trumps Vice president?
 That's true. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana. Strange.
 I think so too. It was great talking to you!
 Pretty interesting!! I love the idea that the Norwegian government has donated 1billion to help save the rain forest!!Very cool
 No doubt!  In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the amazon rainforest.  Nice!
 I agree.  86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.
 Ok.  What was his name?  I'm not familiar with him.
 lol That's great!  The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 lol  The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.    Wonder why that is?
 That sounds about right.  Up until 1805 the US runner up in the presidential elections automatically became vice president.
 Ok thanks!  Have a great day as well!
 Nice bit of presidential trivia! Here's one for you: What was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe? Hint...think fruit...
 Nice one! You are good at this! I'll try harder to stump you. The President of Indonesia relased 3 Pop albums while in office. What were the names of his children?
 I'd buy it!  Heck, I'd produce it if I could. Then maybe the Pres would invite me to visit at his presidential guest house. 
 I that that was where the vice president lived. You know, if the election rules that were in place back before 1805 were still valid, our current VP would be Hillary Clinton.  Wouldn't that be a hoot...
 That would make a great radio drama too!  You know there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free?
 Not bad, but I have an old radio, which makes the audio quality poor. My radio was made by my grandfather during WWII used radio blade and pencil. He called it his foxhole radio. It gets US stations only. No Canadian ones...
 Sounds out of this world!  I'll bet it is a lot better than that Finnish radio station that plays news in Latin!
 that is crazy, but it sounds pretty boring I'd rather listen to Jupiter's storms on AM haha
 I bet is sounds like the Moody Blues!  Id like to go there someday. If it is anything like Necada, 86 percent is already owned by the goverment.
 If I would answer that, then the IRS would come looking for me!  I read that on Wikileaks, right after teh story where they claim they have the government's plan for how they plan to destroy Wikileaks. 
 Nice chatting with you!
 Thanks you too, watch out for the IRS and President Banana of Zimbabwe!
 It is a lot pf physics involved in there. It was nice chatting with you
 Yes I feel bad for the Chinese people. I love the Norwegian government for donating $1 billion to save the rain forest.
 That was mighty kind of them. Did you know our government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years. 3 times in 1977.
 That seems inefficient. Kind of frustrating actually. I find it funny that WikiLeaks published the government's plans to destroy WikiLeaks.
 That is funny. I also find it funny that JP morgan bailed the US government out in 1895. They are probably still paying him back. Lol.
 I would've thought so too. Maybe he just needs to release some pop albums like the president of Indonesia.
 I could see that out of trump. Anything to make a little more money or get a little bit more power. Lol. 
 really that is just mind blowing to be quite honest. Woodrow wilson was the only president with a phd. That is also surprising.
 Im not to familiar with the geneva convention. I did know that FDR was the last president to spak a foreign language fluently.
 I also heard that the most popular radio act in 1930s was a ventriloquist act. 
 Nice talking with you as well. Have a lovely day.
 I rarely listen to radio these days. Such an old tech: radio waves. Reminds me of the Cold War and VOA.
 That's wild. Luckily Hanson wasn't around then, otherwise they could've been fooled into listening to them...like Chicago was by a DJ who did not reveal the name of the Band
 Maybe they picked up FDR speaking a foreign language. He was the only Potus who could speak one fluently
 It's all Greek to me. It' like listening to a ventriloquist on the radio. 
 Maybe they listen to it like music. There a station that plays the sun's "music". It's solar activity translated into sound.
 He's so full of debt that he may be the poorest. He has not motive for moving to Monaco. 
 Yeah I guess you never know. Nice chatting with you
 Let's start with the presidents.  Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?  I think that was before Trump became president....
 I'm thinking it is.  Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?  He would fit right in here in the states. lol
 Oh my!  LOL  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president.  Interesting.
 It would definitely make it interesting.  lol  Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
 Now that's making guests feel at home. 
 Buttering them up!  lol  Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?
 Maybe his vice prez was named apple
 Now wouldn't that be funny!  Did you you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?  That pretty much leaves Las Vegas and Reno as the only spots to live. LOL
 No doubt!  In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the amazon rain forest.  That's a lot of money.  I wonder if it helped at all.
 Probably the Norwegian tax payers. LOL  A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice.  That's nuts.
 That would be funny ! hahaha  On another cool topic before I have to get off here... Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio.  That's pretty cool!
 That is.  Talk about being creative with what little you have to work with.  I got to run.  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Wow Have you listened to it? Probably would like it myself. But say that you get what you pay for haha
 That is crazy. It was called The Foxhole radio. And I have no idea how it worked haha. I also wouldn't listen to a radio station that was broadcast in classical Latin haha
 Oh totally. Speaking of something that is not a con, Norway gave over 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest. That is super nice of them
 I would too. The whole country seems like it's full of super nice people haha. Maybe I will see you there
 It was a clever illusion. Quite convincing. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night! 
 Thank you, you too! keep looking for that Tupac ballet tape I want to see it!
 yes my favorite football qb is Aaron Rodgers.
 Ah, mine is probably Tom Brady, although a lot of Americans also like him
 I am not sure, do you know? I also wanted to point out that the only left handed quarterback in the NFL is Kellan Moore
 Yep, I was always wondering how he achieved those.
 Ah, so have I. Anyways, I have to go now. Thank you for the wonderful chat!
 Hi do you like to dance? Even babies spontaneously dance when music is played for them.
 I am a big fan of Bruce Lee as well. He won a dance championship in the 50's.  His movements were so graceful.
 Yes the 1958 cha-cha championship. Good times.
 Have you ever taken a dance class?  Ballet is beautiful. Dancers can go though 4 pairs of their pointe shoes in a week!
 That's a lot of shoes! I never had the opportunity to take classes probably because I played a lot of football as a quarterback.
 I played for 4 years in high school. It was fun but high stress the QB involved in pretty much every offensive play and lets face it no one cares about defense.
 Yes. And not at first in college either. Never give up on your dreams. Very inspiring. Do you like the Redskins?
 I do, I have been to RFK Stadium before. It was a long time ago.
 Something magical about that!  I have been down on the Broncos field, and in Arizona.  Football fields have a lot of tradition associated with them.
 You too! Take care....
 agree, do you watch NCAA men's basketball tournament?
 I love the NCAA tournament, I fill out a bracket every year for it.
 I also like Tappan Zee, he is a smart player 
 yes and also McGarvey also played safety during football season, and he played excellent pass defense in making the interception, who payed very good
 McGarvey's football skills really helped him on that play! He's been getting a lot of attention after that.
 Yes I totally agree with you. Who is your favorite quarterback?
 Yes I like, one interesting fact, did you know that Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958?
 yes a really great actor. Also Michael jackson has a patent. on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves... so interesting
 Really? I couldn't even imagine. I love him so much, he is the greatest. So what country football you prefer the most?
 Me too but some years ago I was watching Italian football as well and Spanish. Did you know that In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?
 yes exactly, and also Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
 I love that line, makes it much more enjoyable to watch
 Yes agree with you. Can you believe that The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0? this is so funny, how is that even possible? lol
 Hi, I am a huge football fan. We love the Packers. How about you?
 I guess I like the Patriots.  I find it helps to root for a winning team.  Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled a football in the NFL.
 I am ready and really exited, my team is playing so I am really looking forward to it, and that would be really unusual
 I like sports, I like all forms of football, even Canadian football. 
 Yes.  It was Kyler Murray from Oklahoma?
 He also was drafted by the Oakland A's for baseball in 2018.
 I would love to have that kind of talent!  Gives him a lot of options.
 I agree.  His uncle Calvin Murray also played baseball for the San Francisco Giants.  
 Yes.  I didn't like him early in his career but a few years ago he changed my mind.  Speaking of QB's Browns QB Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue competitive gaming full time.
 That's crazy.  There's only 1 left handed QB in the NFL ... Kellan Moore.  I didn't know that.
 Love baseball.  That's my favorite sport.  Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they technically are able to play for their teams if they are needed?
 You're right.  Baseball is also really popular in Japan.
 I wish I could have that kind of luck!  Baseball is also called America's national pastime, but I think that has long since been passed by football, basketball, and video gaming.
 Wow.  I don't think I would want to do that job.  If I did I would schedule the first month of the season to be played in either in either domes/stadiums with a retractable roof or have the teams play in the warmer southern states.  Sometimes April games isn't ideal to play baseball in the crummy weather.
 Wow yes thats amazing. Dis you also knowBaseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. I never knew that. 
 No  not really. I am learning though. Do you like soccer?
 Thats interesting. Sorry my mistake. What else do u know?
 I enjoyed taking to you and learning some sport trivia and facts. 
 Merry christmas
 haha didn't know that, imagine VP Hillary right now! there would be even more drama! kind of happy thats not that case still
 haha ya, lets just say South park did a great job, their analysis was spot on haha
 That is some serious multitasking.  Of course some countries the president really does not have much power.  More ceremonial
 Maybe he liked bananas.  Or maybe he was tall and skinny
 Maybe sneak peaks of new pixar movies.  Or just lots of Buzz Lightyear toys.
 I love Carol Burnett.  I bet she had a great time goofing off with Elmo and Big Bird.  
 There would be sheer chaos if that rule was still in place considering how divided the country is. It would be like a living South Park episode. Speaking of South Park, are you a fan? I love how the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was nice of them!
 Do you know much about the president or have any interesting facts?
 I know the top three wealthiest presidents were Washington, Jefferson and JFK. 
 Nice.  I wonder if Trump is now part of that list?
 I'd bet not. Doubt he has that much in liquid assets. But maybe he could build his wealth by releasing some pop albums, like the president of Indonesia!
 Really?  lol  Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president!
 That would be a nightmare nowadays. Can you imagine Hillary and Trump sharing the White House? Haha. 
 haha Be good entertainment. lol  The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  lol
 I wonder if that was his given name? The president's guest house is larger than the actual White House. That's sorta crazy. I guess they probably host a lot of people at a time. 
 I bet you're right.  Do you watch a lot of television?
 Yeah, too much probably. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon? That's close to 50 episodes a year for 16 years!
 I believe it as much kids have been watching it for about that long. lol
 True! There is only one episode of The Simpsons without Bart in it. Wonder which one it is?
 We'll have to look it up.  Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank?
 No, but my kids did. I remember it having a lot of guest narrators. 
 Yes.  Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes each.
 I think I've heard of that show.  It was called "Days Like These"
 Ah, probably why it was canceled after 10 episodes. Haha. 
 Yes! lol Did you know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street?
 That's cool. Wonder what year that was? I started watching around 1976 when I was 1 or 2.  Robin Williams was the first celebrity to be in a Disney animated movie, which set the trend. 
 I'm not sure what year.  I grew up in the 70s too.  That must have been when did Aladdin?  It was nice chatting with you!
 Yeah but I guess their careers are shorter too so maybe that levels it. Nice chat.
 Yes I think that is what helps them earn more. Nice chatting with you :)
 Yes and other restaurants too. I think it's cool that the drive-through originated to accommodate soldiers who are not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 You could be right on that one. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana LOL!
 Haha that is surprisingly fitting. Luckily the runner up doesn't become the vice these day otherwise it would be Trump-Clinton! Great talking with you too bye!
 Hello, do you own a car?
 I do, the world wide web! Google is the largest search engine followed by youtube.
 Yes, he must have been very good at multitasking. The wealthiest US president is no longer JFK, but is now Trump.
 Ah, same with me, although I also do sometimes vote for the republicans.
 I respect your opinion even though I have different views. Have a nice day!
 Same here!  Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?
 I did not. So weird. I know that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain.
 oh oh...I might have that then.  lol
 Ohh, me too! I find it funny that only 7% of people read the full terms and conditions when buying a product or service on the internet.
 I think I've been guilty of that a few times as well when I've bought some small things like dvds, cds, etc. from Amazon.  There is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.  They're getting it everywhere now.
 That's good they have a backup plan.  lol  Do you know a lot about cars?
 I LOVE cars!  The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car when Karl Benz patented his Benz.
 Nice!  I do know that the trunks of cars are called that because in the old days cars used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them.
 That is really cool! I can't imagine trying to get groceries and things into a wooden trunk!
 I know! lol  Did you know that the Cadillac was named after the French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac?  He was also the founder of Detroit.
 No I did not. I do like Cadillac. Did you know McDonald's added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while in fatigues? 
 Interesting.  I wondered when they added those.  I was surprised to see what McDonalds used to look like in that movie called the Founder.
 No.  It stars Michael Keaton and is about the founder of McDonalds.  He kind of stole the company out from the 2 brothers who created it.  He actually paid them a good price for it.  Just basically they weren't smart businessmen and got ripped off.  Michael Keaton's character turned into a mega company.  Do you follow presidential history?
 I do!  I didn't know that the US presidents guest house was bigger than the White House!  It's been fun chatting with you.  Definitely see that movie.  Really interesting to see McDonald's was in the early days of it.
 It is very interesting. Nice chatting with you as well. Bye now.
 Have a good one!
 Yes, I love the old radio classics.How about you?
 Yeah, its funny because in Canada they created a law that says 40% of the time Canadian music must be played. I listen to it sometimes for fun. Its amusing.
 Me too. There's only one show that Bart is not on nor does he speak on it. The Simpsons crew also sent flowers to the Family Guy crew for thier finale episode. That's nice to see celebrities getting along. lol
 I have seen it a couple of times. I am a huge fan of the actors on the show but dont know much about the plot or the story line, really.
 Howard stern is great! Bobby Bones is funny like Howard Stern though, he once spent 13,000 bucks on a hoax.
 Lol, that's what I heard too. I guess he has been on Television too, besides a lot of radio and of course he's an author.
 I agree lol, I wouldn't listen to that either! The radio has so much to choose from, I like a lot of genre's of music.
 Very interesting! So do you watch TV at all?
 Good shows! I watch movies on TV mostly. But since I am on the telephone a lot I watch Tv on mute lol
 My kids love Pokemon, how about you?
 Good morning! Do you listen to the radio?
 I like to listen to NPR, but sometimes I listen To Bobby Bones because of all the controversy he stirs up. He once launched a billboard campaign against his own self.
 Yeah I usually listen when I'm cleaning the house. 
 Haha, I wonder if Justin Bieber and Drake are playing all the time. 
 Me either, but I guess it worked! If you are into classic radio dramas, you can listen to them on a website for free!
 Nope, but is really cool. It's amazing how many stations are on the radio.
 Absolutely! Who doesn't? haha
 I have both actually.
 Oh, I seen that a few days ago, I believe it's because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone. 
 He is so rich and able to afford a personal driver.  That will be his problem at all.  Hahaha
 I read it somewhere, but did not actually done it myself.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
 You too, thank You ! :)
 I know South Park was very critical of Family Guy which in turn was critical of the Simpsons, probably why they sent flowers.
 They keep making games and series, have to capitalize on the popularity!
 It is so funny to know that  first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 It's one of my favorite shows, certainly.
 Earth is the third from the sun in the solar system. Earth perform two activity rotation on its own axis and revolution around the sun.
 It is salt water only 3% fresh water is available which is only used for drinking purpose.
 Earth is the only planet have natural satellite moon. Jupiter have large number of satellite compared to other planets.
 We are facing one side of the moon, the moon is very small it is very close to the earth so only it appear very big.
 Sun is the only planet which source of heat and light for entire solar system. The gravity of sun holds entire solar systems.
 Yes. Television is a mass medium for ads, entertainment. It earns revenue through ads, serials.
 Weekend Update appeared on their very first episode and is their longest running skit. I love that skit. 
 After second world war only television are available in black and white. In olden days, heavy cathode tube can be used now days it was replaced by the flat panel of LED.
 Sometimes only i watch it. Now days, Digital technology is used via internet.
 The president is title given to head of the government or nation.
 It is very interesting.
 Ditto! Goodnight!
 It has been so nice speaking with you. I hope the next year goes better with Trump!
 No I stay out of politics personally because it is a waste of time. But back to the NFL, it is shocking to me that those games only have about 11 minutes of actual gameplay when they go on for hours on TV haha. It must be all the commercials
 No I can't say that I travel too much. I mostly just work and sleep haha. But I do know about Kim Jung Un that he was voted the sexiest man alive by the onion newpaper, and apparently china believe it lol
 Seems sexist. Glad they lost the NFC championship game. Karma!
 I did know that. I came in second and was understanding since he has that sweet haircut.
 lol I actually meant to say "there is no rule"...whoops! lol  There is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay per NFL game.  Kind of short....
 I do!  I like the Cleveland Browns.
 I know that he has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders Mao and Stalin did.
 I agree.  I will say though that since I've been alive he's been the first president to break through to where they would even talk with the US.  Never thought I would ever see that.  Now outside of that...Trump isn't my favorite person either.  lol  
 Yes.  They say that Kim Jong un learned to drive at 3.  Maybe a toy car he was driving?  lol
 lol  I find it funny he was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion and China believes it!
 LOL  They say that we don't actually know how old he is!  It's been fun chatting!
 You too!  Have a good one!
 haha me neither, would you listen to the finnish radio station that plays news in classical latin? I'd rather listen to the Jupiter radio personally haha
 Hello. How are you doing.
 Yeah. Probably not as much as the normal person does. but I do use it from time to time. How about you.
 `Its just crazy how facebook has grown to be such a big part of peoples lives. I remember back in the day when Myspace was the thing. Did you ever have a Myspace.
 Yeah I would say buying facebook for 75 million would have been a good deal for them. they missed that boat.
 Yeah They may have ran it right into the ground. 
 Well the way it did pan out facebook has became prettty popular these days. It was worth over 104 billion in 2012 Probably triple that by now.
 Yeah. You should have bought a few stocks huh.
 I have just never been one to put my life out there on facebook for everyone to see. I dont know maye Im weird like that.
 I would say the kids will grow up that way and never think anything of it. That will just be the way of life for everything to be in the publics eye if you will.
 Nope my 13 year old daughter constantly has her nose in her phone. When i was 13 I didnt even know what a cell phone or a computer was hardly. 
 Yeah I was 19 when I got my first phone and me and my brother had to share one. Lol. We also had to pay the bill. Kids these days dont know nothing about that. Lol. Well Im gonna have to be going dfgot a lot of stuff to get done today.
 Right, sounds good it was nice talking with you today.
 It's the one where you unfriend 10 people and in return Burger King gets you a free Whopper LOL. Apparently the person that you unfriend also gets a message, they would get sent that you valued their friendship at 1/10 the value of a whopper lol
 If you are defining radio as the actual use of FM and AM, then no, I never listen. I listen to a lot of podcasts and sportify. I also listen to XM.
 I am not sure but they probably do not play in canada. They have to play 40% canadian music.
 Ditto! Take care.
 Yeah that is so cool. nice chatting with you.
 I guess he had the look to be a real president so that is okay with him I assume. Nice chat
 LOL, like the president of Indonesia?  I wonder if he has a large fan base to release three albums?!?
 Right, maybe he just has a huge ego?
 I would think that a guy named Top Banana had a huge ego when elected president of Zimbabwe.  
 You mean Zimbabwe's President Banana?  I think that is just so funny!  That to me says the guy has a sense of humor, and is maybe humble - since he doesn't insist on his name being used.
 He can play the banjo.  Which is whack.  Whats funnier is Bill Nye the science guy got into entertainment by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest.  Hey time to go.
 Me, neither. Still, this should not be a reason to tolerate such behavior. Considering that the Post has been one of the leaders in exposing it
 It definitely is. I imagine the quality wasn't great, but it's pretty amazing if it even worked.
 I imagine the chickens prefer being entertainment over food!
 Yes I love those forms of entertainment. I love how it gives audiences pleasure and delight!
 I did know that. I never saw any of his movies though. He's not even one of the wealthiest presidents ever!
 Yeah that would be nice. Don't know if I could give up Netflix for that! I also wouldn't want to listen to that Latin radio show in Finland!
 I wouldn't want to either! The radio is crazy how it works though.
 Haha good for the Canadian artists but bad for everyone else! They must blast Bieber and Drake!
 and don't forget about Rush! I bet they all know the lyrics. Well have a good one!
 I know that is genius. Nice chatting with you 
 Same here, have a good one
 I do know it is a run pass option. It usually leaves the QB vulnerable for big hits though...
 Alex Smith entered Utah as a Junior becuase he took so many AP classes in high school. How smart!
 yeah. It's a 60 minute game with only 11 minutes of game time. Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah it'll be interesting to see how much further it can improve. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good day!
 That's certainly interesting to know, good way to get a break in entertainment!
 Yes that is amazing what he has accomplished. It would be a great teaching tool for you athletes.
 Lol...there is also tracking chips in the footballs to track ball speed, rotation, velocity and location. 
 Maybe they could spend some more funding on making the game more lively.   there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game.  One of the many reasons I can't stand football. 
 Yes I agree. Maybe it should be like American soccer. They should just play the game and not have so many clock stops.
 yes!   that would be awesome
 Give me a nintendo though and I'm set.   To bad they discontinued them in September of 2003
 sure was.   I remember playing it everyday after school when I was a kid.      
 HA!   No way.    But he played Halo 3.  No thanks 
 to each their own I suppose.  I have chickens here but they're not for entertainment.    They're for egg production and food.  
 LOL I would of made chicken nuggets with them if I was back in that time.
 If you pay me 500,000 a year you can embed a chip in my shoulder lol
 Smart guy.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 I love it. Watch it every week during the season. Im a Steelers fan.
 Im truly sorry to hear that. Lol.
 maybe we'll see a female kicker.
 It seems like more than that.
 Did you know the huddle was started by a deaf QB.
 It is cool. It was so they couldnt steal the plays.
 his name was Paul D hubbard.
 Thats a really good idea. All kind of info we can get from those.
 did you know kellen moore is the only left handed b in the league.
 I think he is retired.
 It was good talking to you!
 That's funny. And Bill Nye made it into the entertainment industry by winning a steve martin lookalike contest! 
 Oh wow interesting. I think if I played football I would want to be the quarterback. I would want to call plays in the huddle!
 Oh cool - the huddle was created by Paul d. Hubbard. He was deaf. He used the huddle so that others teams couldn't read his hand signals!
 :)
 I'm doing very well. Thanks. I do enjoy football a lot. Who is your favorite team?
 I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots and we won the Super Bowl. Yeah!!!
 Yes, I agree!! I saw Tom Brady the next day at Walt Disney World in the parade!! Very cool!!
 No. I didn't know this, very interesting. 
 No who? Tom Brady as a 16 season starter has the most in history for 8 Superbowls!!
 It is none other than Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
 You're correct. It was very nice chatting with you as well!!! Bye
 You too! Have a great day!! I think I have a Nintendo entertainment system somewhere in the house? lol
 Ha Ha!!! Thanks. You have a great day as well!!! Bye
 Ditto!! Not surprised it only had 54 colors.
 I know it had very few colors at the time. You have a nice day and thanks for chatting with me!! Bye
 Have a nice day. Bye
 good morning. How are you.
 Fine. What about you ?
 Doing great here.
 Yeah thank god they did huh. How boring would it be without tv.
 I still use an antenna at my home get the local channels.
 The huge cathode tube can be replaced by the flat screen LED, which is further developed into OLED. to avoid eye irritating and have high picture quality.
 Thats why tv picture quality has gotten so much better over the years.
 I think it is just the most popular cereals you see on the tv. You know frosted flakes and cheerios. Lol.
 Yes, Through ads, revenue comes to the TV channel and soon reach the people as faster. 
 True dat. do you watch south park at all.
 Awesome. How do you know so much. Cars also have trunks.
 I would say over time that will get more steam and more people will have them. I think they need to get cheaper.
 Most the government is worried about the vehicle safety. So the manufactures have adopt new safety techniques in the vehicles to safe guard the people inside it.
 Safety is very important. 
 To avoid environment pollution some countries using Ethanol as fuel. Some have using Electric cars. 
 very interesting. Have a good one.
 Hi, same here. I sometimes listen through the radio when I am in the car. Now I am curious to listen to some unusual programs like one that is Broadcasted in Latin! Have you ever heard about that?
 Exactly and it has been kind of succesful because it has been broadcast since 1989
 No, i did not know that. I think that is amazing , to think how far the signal comes from!!
 I do not know , but i imagine is not that complicated, how can it be done?
 wow that is really simple!! did you know if you listened to the radio in Canada , at least 40% of what you heard would be canadian music?
 It is actually by law! I think is an advantage for Canadian musicians
 I agree with you! have you ever heard radio dramas? My parents told me they were popular when they were kids!
 I think is exciting because is like reading a book. But I heard there is a website where you can listen for thousands of dramas for free, I would try that!
 Not that much, but there are a few shows I watched. Among them is not Pokemon!!
 more than 750!!! that is too much. I like the SImpsons much more
 Yeah she did, she also sang "Theres No Other Like My Baby" this song was in the charts back in 1962 I think it was on place #20. 
 I would sure watch it,who knows maybe there is one lol, I would like to watch Barbara Alston and the rest of the crew come to life again in The Simpsons. 
 I also enjoy watching The Office, Parks and Rec, Family Guy, Rick and Morty, and some other shows like that. I started watching The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and found that really funny but I just keep rewatching The Office because it's so addictive. What shows do you watch? Pokemon?
 I never really got into Pokemon. I enjoy South Park, but I am not a huge fan of it and don't watch it religiously. I also love Community, which is by the same producers as Rick and Morty.
 Well you lost me there lol, her family sure misses her but she left an important legacy behind.
 Yes I've seen that show especially when I was a kid, I love George Carlin I just wish he did some dirty jokes when he did the narration LOL
 Yep you're right that's the reason! Good thing we don't have flamethrowers on our cars like they do in South Africa or they would be a real fire hazard with a wooden trunk LOL
 Nice! I have yet to get into the podcasts.  Anyways, it's been fun and interesting talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. 
 Hello, do you like cars?
 I like all kinds pretty much! I did not know Ford did manufacture a car on 1908!
 It was called the model T.I do not remember the talk, tell me about it!
 They replaced pretty much animals drawing carriages
 Of course. i had never learned of that happening! But i learned of someone becoming a professional car race when beating 90.000 players of gran turismo video game!
 I did watch it a lot, what I almost never watched is Pokemon, which has more than 750 episodes!
 It is very popular, but the amount of TV episodes were so many that it would equal 50 episodes for 16 years in a row!
 Well it was nice talking to you!! have a good one
 Hi, how are you?
 I'm doing well, thanks. I've been watching TV today, or "telly" as some like to call it. Are you a TV watcher?
 I was watching that old South Park episode, where they parody Family Guy.
 Yeah. It was so good that the producers received flowers from the Simpson's crew upon it's airing. Do you ever watch the Simpson's?
 Occasionally. I recently heard that there was only one of the Simpson's episodes where Bart never appeared or was mentioned. Impressive for how many episodes have been aired!
 I missed all 750 episodes. Pretty impressive run though. How many years did that show run?
 16 straight years. My son loves it so I think I have seen them all through proxy. I cannot remember a single one though...
 But they haunt your dreams, right? That's like me and that 70s show. I watched, but don't remember them. What;s even more crazy, the show was remade in England--the first 10 episodes--but the show tanked. I guess it did not translate well to english...
 It is in my queue of shows to watch, but I loved the US version so much, I fear it will be anti-climactic. You know what else was anti-climactic? When Alec Baldwin became the new narrator for Thomas the Tank Engine. I preferred George Carlin, although Ringo starr did a pretty good job too.
 Yup. At least 52 episodes each. That show has been on forever, but not as long as Pokemon...
 I did not know that. Crazy how it has been adopted everywhere now! You know what I would like to see get adopted everywhere? Equipping cars with flamethrowers! They actually allow that in South Africa! 
 Or bar-B-Que is really popular... the Cadillac brand, created by a dude named Antoine de la Mothe, used to be really popular. But his name never caught on.
 Nice chatting with you!
 wow, way to go for them. nice chat
 I'm good thanks and you?
 Yes, I got me a big old American made Cadillac.  
 Well it was really good talking to you!
 You too, friend.  Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
 I didn't watch it growing up but I do now. I have some pokemon obssessed kids. I think we have probably seen all 750. 
 Well I prefer music. But the other day I turned on Thomas the Tank Engine and heard Ringo Starr
 That's crazy. I wonder if WWII soldiers could hear it...using their foxhole radios
 George Carlin is perfect for radio. Caught him on Tank Engine too.
 Alec Baldwin is there as well, giving Trump a break I guess.
 Maybe they are aggressively searching. I'd like to explore France in a Cadillac.
 Did you know there is arrow next to pump symbol reminding you which side on the car the pump goes in. That is handy when renting and you're not sure.
 It should always be in the left side, so Micky Dees could make a drive in where you fill up too. The soldiers would appreciate it, I think. Anyway, I have to bolt like Im in a grand turismo game. Take care.
 Yeah..it's slang for McDonalds...at least when I was young. However, when I was young the trunks on cars were made of wood. Nice chatting with you.
 I really like that McDonalds added drive thru's for soldiers! 
 yeah, i dont think it gets many listeners. Even hearing the storm from Jupiter would be better than latin! 
 Mhm. Though I have to admit that I probably wouldn't know what Jupiter sounds like. Definitely not like Latin or a radio drama. :P
 Yeah, i dont know what id be in for either with Jupiter. Maybe id rather listen to Thomas the train engine and see if i could pick out the ones that ringo starr narrates. 
 I agree, SP would have been more his style. That or maybe the simpsons! 
 Im not a huge fan but i could see there being sooo many episodes. Over 750 episodes right? 
 Yeah I think that both Simpsons, South Park, and Pokemon, and Thomas are definitely some of the longest running shows. Interesting connection there. 
 It is! have a great Day! 
 You too
 np
 Did you know The onion voted Kim jong Un as the sexiest man alive and the Chinese believes it? Talk about gullible ha!
 Hi there. Are you a sports fan? 
 Yes i like football do like football
 yeah me too i stop seeing NFL on TV  not trying to get tickets 
 I like the Cowboys and the Falcons. I was surprised to see that engineers make more than football players over their life time. I guess because most only play for a few years before they get hurt.
 i like Redskins 
 Did you study about James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, in school. I did and for some reason, I an still remember that name, even though I've never been a basketball fan. Funny that he was a the only losing coach at UK!
 I guess its safe till there is no football court above supreme court. They have to handle quarterbacks .. much worse
 I never thought about New Zelanders being tall. Oh well. Funny that Tom Brady was a backup quarter back that Never got into a game, in high school! Boy, I bet they wish they could change that.
 hahahah why?
 Yes, such a great classic album; I've enjoyed listening to it many times! I was just gonna say that you should look that pop singer up. I wish America would have someone like her to actually run.
 Yes, that is her.    I am glad she finally got to play some shows in Brooklyn.
 I would like to check out her album Dissent sometimes.
 I am glad many places are republics with a President.
 That is interesting.    I wonder if JFK was photographed more frequently since he is so wealthy.
 Must have been a smart guy.     Today he would probably appear on television.
 That is interesting.    It has been around longer than "The Simpsons", which is quite an accomplishment!
 Pretty funny.     There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart is not present and doesn't even get mentioned!
 Pretty amazing.    I think I will go watch that South Park episode admired by the Simpsons crew!
 oh its probably like 800, I would never be able to catch up and thus "catch em all" haha
 In any case, I had a wonderful chat and I hope you see that simpson's episode devoid of bart. I think homer would lose his meaning in life in that episode.
 I'm very sorry to hear this. I'm a huge New England Patriots fan and we won the Super Bowl this year.
 You're a Packers fan. I love the Packers and I always rooting for them when they are not playing the Patriots.
 I think your team will be great next season because healthy Rodgers is always a fantastic Rodgers in my opinion.
 I think it was Alex Smith if I'm not mistaking.
 Yes. The NFL is huge these days and the fans are very passionate about their teams.
 Yeah that sure is for a high school stadium.  Well it's been good talking with you, hope you have a good night!
 Houston. But the Dallas guy can run too.They are both dangerous out side the pocket, as Jay Gruden has said, but I wonder if this can last in the long run...given the injury risk.
 yeah.  they had a losing record but are 9-6 under watson, 
 yeah, but brady cant run.plus, the patriots are great...one guy never fumbled
 yeah...thats his name. they are so good someone should paint their locker room pink to even things out.
 Apparently, The University Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink.
 yeah...thats what i was thinking of. smart move. alex smith - smart. he took a lot of ap classes in high school.
 wow. he can run too. maybe not home run ability running that puts defenses in an awkward spot, but its a weapon.
 Thats. I read about it a lot. i like reading, exercises the mind
 does the university of Iowa use a pink one?
 yeah..i was just goofing on them. well, i gotta run like vick soon.
 same here.
 Cumberland probably fumbled on every play. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
 Have a good night!
 Maybe they should release a pop album like the president of Indonesia.
 Lol, I can see Bernie now, first album, Free Healthcare Foos
 Lol. They could have their music studios in Nevada since the government owns 86% of the land there.
 Republicans vs democrats rap battle.
 Hey! How are you doing? I find it funny that the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana! 
 There have been a few female kickers, but I don't think any have made it past college football. Hopefully some day
 Ha! That's cute. She must think people are stealing a toy. Which I guess they are.
 Yes at least for a vacation, the chips are also located in the football to track  velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
 Yes, isn't that interesting as well. I wish we had those vending machines here in the US with food and water for dogs in exchange for plastic bottles. That's such a good idea!!
 You too!
 Yes he is a quarterback for the Navy football team apparently. And he's really good I think
 Yes that's possible. At least he's better than Baker Mayfield was at Halo 3, and the baker was excellent at Halo 3 haha.
 Yeah, he thought about becoming a pro gamer. I'm from Cleveland, so I'm glad he didn't follow through with that.
 That is really funny. You think they ever play up there? It's funny because it's on the top floor too
 The Navy's player Malcolm Perry is looking good! He cant stop moving those feet of his.
 Right? He definitely seems ready for the new season to show what he's got
 I agree. Also think he's ready to show he can throw this year too. He's been working on his passes and has a good arm!
 You make a really good point that I forgot to credit him. The offensive coordinator Ivan Jasper has been working with Perry on throwing and new reps.
 They feel really confident about Perry's skills as a thrower. Though it's been a few years since Perry focused on passing, he was a quarterback in high school. 
 I agree. I think Jasper is in a better more focused place to work with Perry too. He's been more focused and in a better place to be able to work with Perry since his son's heart transplant surgery.
 Noway, I have never really thought about it but that is very rare. Yeah Alex Smith was actually getting his bachelors within the first two years of college. He is a very smart guy on and off the field.
 Well that's super cool! Another random fact which surprised me the other day, only 2 African American quarterbacks have won the Super Bowl. 
 That is really incredible. A lot of money flows through sports and keeps players engaged. Baker Mayfield almost became a professional gamer instead of QB. It was a good thing that he wised up for all our sakes. The money is in football.
 Or in basketball movies like Space Jam. Which is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time. 
 Good flicks, I need to rewatch them this weekend. Have a good one!
 You're like my wife but she hates the food I cook because it is usually fatty and not good for you
 Damn! That sounds great! Im going to make sume jubalaya. I may add some wings now. Although it is supposed to be -40 this week so I may not be able to grill...
 When you have 2 super bowl rings and your dad has none, you can be a little mean to him...
 Maybe he can paint his room pink like the University of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room.
 Have you ever seen King Pin with Woody Harrelson. Everytime I see bowling on TV, I think to myself "I'm in awe to be around so many great athletes..." and giggle...
 Gosh yes - I forgot all about that flick. Should rewatch that. 
 Maybe you could be a movie critic as your new gig! Just watch netflix all day!
 I'm not flamboyant enough to be a movie critic but bowling and drinking beer is something I would certainly give an honest effort haha.
 That's the spirit! I wouldn't be sober enough to practice or compete. Drinking beer at the bowling alley is almost pavlovian...
 HA! It's like playing darts... you just have a beer while doing it...
 HA! I did see the exploding glitter bomb. If he sold it on amazon, he could make a killing. People, like me, are so vindictive!
 I know. I am glad I live in the woods with security cameras! Nice chatting with you!
 I'm a big NFL fan!
 I am.  I hope he keeps playing.  His first name is Elisha.  Different name I've never heard before.
 Yes!  I remember when their dad Archie played because I was a kid then and he was a QB during those years.  Eli has a genius level IQ.
 I wish I knew the secret.  lol  Eli played college at the University of Mississippi and was originally drafted by the San Diego Chargers who immediately traded him to the NY Giants.
 Interesting!  Wonder if one will ever play.  Maybe a kicker?  The Saints have an odd rule that prevents females from eating at a restaurant at the same time as an NFL player.  Odd rule.
 Crazy when you think that the games stretch out to over 3 hours.  lol  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that the earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
 Interesting.  They need it. I read somewhere that NFL players are broke too years after retiring from the game.  Did you know they put tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to record data?
 They would have to be I would think?  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
 Oh yeah...in 1916.  lol  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
 Defintately!  lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars during that time.  Times have sure changed since then.
 The Redskins certainly will not win, it seems.
 The NFL actually has 32 teams/ Each year some of them are not competitive, though.
 Yes, i learnt that but i don't know if he make that much because it is a known fact that the top player from 1960 made twice as much as top football stars 
 Bowlers used to get paid more than football stars.
 I do watch the NFL. The NFC east is really competitive. It could have gone either way...
 They missed out on a 3 game winning streak to finish the season. I do not like them so Im kinda glad...
 I did not. I think it would be scary to watch women play against some of the larger football players.
 Seems sexist. Maybe that's why they lost 2 weeks ago on a bad call... karma!
 That's odd! They don't make more than Elisha Manning!
 Millions! He's the QB for the NY Giants football team.
 Nice chatting with you!
 I watch the Super Bowl. I don't normally watch a lot of sports though. Do you like the Patriots? They have a player that has never fumbled the ball before. His name is Benjarvus Green-Ellis
 Yes I agree with you. Like I said I don't really watch sports so I'm not sure if he's a current player or not haha. What I do know is that ESPN won an Emmy. They created that yellow line that shows the first downs on football games
 Oh I didn't know that. I've never seen that show so I have no idea. I guess he is the son of NFL quarterback Archie Manning in the younger brother of NFL quarterback Peyton Manning. It's definitely in their blood to be good quarterbacks haha
 Yep you're right. They can tell the ball speed ,location, rotation and velocity, I just hope that they stopped the tracking after the players leave the field haha that would be super awkward
 Hi, how are you?
 They made the playoffs but lost on a missed kick to Philly. We're not getting anyone. We're ok and will add a few pieces. At least our locker room isn't pink..
 Or maybe they didn't have the yellow line and didn't know where the first down was?
 An emmy is pretty far. But can you imagine watching without it now?
 I would say so. I think Eli was a good choice but it is hard to pick on an Elisha when he can throw a ball through your chest.
 I don't really watch it much, how about you?
 I do, I love the sport, so the NFL has 2 divisions NFC and AFC
 Interesting, so the National football conference and the American football conference. And they play against each other it seems.
 That sounds pretty interesting! Apparently the NFL has no written rules about females joining. 
 Yeah, but they would have to be pretty strong to meet the requirements I imagine. I wonder if there have been any females in the NFL?
 Yeah, that is a bit strange. Also very interesting how there's only actually 11 minutes of game play!
 Yeah, there is so much that goes into it with such little actual game play. New Orleans saints cheerleaders and players are not allowed to dine together. Very strange.
 Yeah, I wonder why it was made up or if it's even enforced. The university of Iowas visiting locker room is painted pink!
 That's funny, that would confuse a team or two lol, being all pumped up in a pink locker room that is funny. 
 I think I read once that pink it a calming color, they use it in some jails too. The highest score in a football game was 222-0. Ouch.
 Yeah, I can't imagine what was going on to lose that bad! The top bowlers in the 1960s made more than the top football stars. Times have definitely changed.
 I haven't heard about that, how did they manage that?
 Interesting! Nice chatting with you too!
 Same here
 Hello! 
 Hello, happy new years!
 Definitely! The Green Bay Packers are a very good team. 
 Yes, they are a great team I think. I have others but they are doing so good.
 I like it! I like all sports really. I think which type of football you like depends on the area you live in. I like them all.
 Well, maybe it's in the area. I am more fond of this type of football in general, but I also enjoy other
 Wow, that team was very mediocre. They would be playing with cones, hahahaha
 HAHAHA, That's true! I think it's funny that University of Iowa painted the locker room pink for the visiting teams, so funny!
 Very true! It's very interesting to know that Bowlers....made twice as much money as football stars in the 60's...weird!
 Hey, what do you think about what the famous David Beckan did in our country with the stadium I think?
 I don't know too much about that. but we need to keep watching football for sure! It has been great chatting! Have a great day!
 You have a good day
 That is one aspect I do love about the Packers as well! I also think it's funny that in the 2011 Super Bowl, the Steelers entered to the song "Black and Yellow" by Wiz Khalifa while the Packers came out to the remix by Lil Wayne "Green and Yellow". I wonder if that was intentional? Ha!
 That is unbelievable! I do love how there's a clock at Lambeau that's set 15 minutes early to honor Vince Lombardi as he always believed if you aren't 15 minutes early, you're late. I absolutely love that quote!
 That is so sad considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is. Fast forward to today, they've come so far in football, they're sticking these tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move. I'm glad they can afford to do that now!
 Now that takes serious talent and skill! It kind of reminds of Ben Roethlisberger. He has the most wins as a QB in the Browns' home stadium since they were reintroduced in the league and he plays for the Steelers! Ha!
 Oh yeah he was great. Big Ben! ESPN won an emmy for creating that yellow first down marker. Quite a cool creation!
 Good question not sure if they had that big of a stadium back in 1916. Have a good night!
 Yes some players really deserve the big money - like the Patriots Green-Ellis who has never fumbled the football his whole NFL career
 Yes I could see that being very interesting to watch. they should use the tracking chips from the NFL and put them on wrestlers to better understand how they do their moves
 Yes I guess that might explain it. Nice chatting with you.
 I used to watch it back before it exploded in poplularity in the 90s.  Did you know that Plato lead a professional wrestling career before becoming a famous pholospher?
 I never knew that about Abe.  I'm going to have to look that up.
 I never ever heard that about him.  He was pretty tall though so he probably had some good leverage.  The Turkish national sport is oil wrestling where men douse themselves in olive oil and wrestle.  That's kind of different...and odd at the same time.  lol
 Yes.  The man who designed Macho Man's wrestling gear was also the same guy who designed clothes for a lot rock stars like Jimi Hendrix and Aerosmith.
 I've never heard of him.  Who is he?
 Nice.  Did you know that the university of Iowa's vistors locker room was painted pink?
 LOL  Former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his NFL career.  Impressive indeed.
 I agree!  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day.  
 I agree!  It comes in handy when we're watching the actual 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
 Yes.  We'll be seeing some kind of graphic following around the chips.  lol It's been fun chatting.
 Well I really like the Patriots myself, what about you? I think Tom Brady is awesome
 Time to time. I also watch some high school because my friend's son plays, it would be cool if Snoop Dogg made my friend's son a theme song for his football team
 Maybe that will be the gimmick?  I'm glad my kids have no interest in football, I want my son to be active but not the expense of his brain.
 That 's  a surprising trivia fact for me.  Don't even see any bowling alleys anymore.  Was enjoyable too.
 A mix of wrestling and bowling would be an interesting concept, I could see if Vince McMahon is interested.
 LOL  Played in the Audi Field with car racing!!
 Yeah, lets get as much involved as possible, it's like fusion cooking but for sports.  Unlike the NFL we could a written rule saying women have to play.
 You too, I'm going to grab the olive oil, not saying what for cooking or wrestling.  Have a good day. Bye.
 U2  thank you
 Oh cool. The only United I know is Manchester :)
 Hi, how are you?
 I do like the NFL. I also know that Derwin James is going to wing the rookie defensive player of the year so it is pretty much an easy choice at this point.
 You're not a Pats fan? Do you like the NFL?
 Me too! It was a nice year! I was shocked they did that well. Since our draft pick went to OAK, I wanted them to do well since our draft position would be unaffected.
 I don't know why he is not employed then! I love the yellow line. I remember telling my wife that they had guys move it on everyfirst down, hoping the players didn't trip over it...
 Right? Nice chatting with you!
 yes good chatting with you as well
 Yes. I have joined the bandwagon as a fan. I have to admit that I wanted the Rams to win the Patriots first Superbowl, though. 
 Comeback for sure!
 Yup, do you watch Game of Thrones at all?  I thought it was hilarious the author called the Pats, "the Lannisters of the NFL."
 Thanks, it was great chatting with you too!
 Yes I think that's Bill Belichick, I think he's the best in the league, and it is an amazing record. He is the most winningest coach in the NFL postseason with 21 wins.
 I absolutely love NFL. I am watching game now
 Got some money riding on it, eh?  Good luck!
 It was because his name sounded like a law firm haha. The Law Firm of Ben-Jarvis Green-Ellis.
 That was a great invention that made watching the game a lot easier! It was fun talking football with you, have a great day!
 Good Afternoon!
 Another good dude athlete!  I remember this gesture and how he didn't make a big deal about it until the media caught on.  
 Not really.  I do have a problem though and maybe you can help me out.  My feet sweat really bad and they make my shoes smell really stinky.  Do you know of any tricks or tips I can do to help get rid of the unpleasant odor?
 Thank you so much!  I was about to pass out from the stench.  I wonder how they know that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
 I bet.  Pro ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.  I bet that gets expensive.
 I'm a mixture of both.  Seems like the big money I spend for nice shoes ends up being a waste though because then I don't wear the shoes.  lol
 I prefer football over soccer. lol
 I'll watch the world cup games.  I wonder why americans call it soccer but the rest of the world calls it football?
 My favorite team is the steelers.  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
 p
 Wow.  It was along with baseball and horse racing.  Thanks for chatting! 
 You too!
 Never cared for seinfeld myself. I love the simpsons. Did you know there is only one episode where bart isnt in the show or mentioned.
 I have seen a lot of epeiodes of the simpsons. I dont remember seeing that one either.
 Yeah I heard that show has had some big names narrating.  Anyways, it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
 Good Morning!
 Good morning. How are you? So did you get a chance to watch the winter olympics at all last year?
 I would fall flat on my face. I did not know that he was gay. That must put him in a position to help other people who are gay to be cool with it.
 Kids need family support. As long as they are being themselves, they will learn to stand up to bullying. Most bullies are cowards, anyway.
 I guess you would know then. Haha. I just went to a Museum in Virginia not too long ago about the early settlers and they pretty much just gave away land for free back then to anyone who would come and settle there. Those were the days.
 Yes. I wish I was there. That was a great enticement for people to come from Europe. But it was hard living in those days. Not so easy to settle a new country.
 I'll try not too. 
 Would you watch a show that used chickens to entertain audiences?
 Yeah, I can see that! I learned a lot from you, thanks for chatting!
 Hi, how are you?
 I really enjoy those. I like college and the NFL.
 Yeah! College teams have huge boosters though. Like Oregon has Phil Knight and Oklahoma State has T Booke Pickens...
 That would make it more fun. Nice chatting with you!
 I like adult animated series like Archer and South Park. Apparently when South Park did their Family Guy episode the Simpsons crew sent them flowers which is hilarious. 
 It's like 750 Pokemon episodes and its been around 16 years since it first aired so quite a long time and its still successfull.
 I did, my little brother used to love Thomas the Tank Engine, I remember it had great narrators.
