 You must have ESP. I was going to tell you teh same thing! I have a sad story to tell there are less tigers living in the wild in Asia than as pets in the US.
 I think its sad to have to part with a pet due to allergies and couple conflict like in the Dear Amy section.
 Wow, no I didn't know that.  There are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia.
 I guess it was being smuggled to the USA from Mexico.
 Maybe it helps people to feel more of an obligation to their pets. Shrug. Yeah, Teddy Roosevelt is an interesting guy. It's unfortunate though that people try to domesticate tigers as you mentioned. Many of the animals perish along the way from suffocation or hunger. 
 Haha. Funny. I don't eat seafood. My mom forced me to eat salmon way too often when I was little and I grew sick of it. Haha #firstworldproblems.
 Yes I think so unfortunately. the smuggling industry is a billion dollar trade unfortunately
 People love a good conspiracy story.  I think that is how Trump does so well, people believe in the Deep State, and such.
 Do they really? I'm not really familiar with that concept. One sad statistic is that more than 80% of the earths natural forest have already been destroyed.
 She said she was peacefully chanting.
 Me too, I have lost interest playing before I have lost interest in buy them so I have a backlog of a few games that reminds me  not to buy the next console. It is the more and more popular, 3 billon hours are played on video games each week on Earth. 
 Ana Gloria Henrequez was from Salvador, trying to get to USA, trying to escape from misery and gangs in El Salvador. She was caught.
 Yeah, I heard about that. I feel horrible for her young daughter
 Sorry, Ana Gloria Henrequez is the grandmother, my bad. Ximena is the girl and the mother is Cindy. They said that they never had been caught until Trump's laws.
 Yeah, I'm not sure if that actually made any difference. It just really sucks that even after his executive order ending the separation reuniting families is still so difficult
 Yes, I know. I don't know how they are not keeping track of what child belongs to what mother. It's terrible to know that the kids were heard wailing and asking for their family members.
 It's even crazier that the grandmother could recognize Ximena's voice. I guess since I've never been a parent, I can't comprehend that
 You are right. Nobody knows how a parent feels until you are one. Is terrible. I myself I was thinking that I would prefer stay in my country and don't enter the USA at least while they are taking these measures. It would be terrible to lose my son or grandkid.
 Yes, I understand that. It has to be very, very difficult, a terrible decision to make. But, me, personally, I would prefer to face it together than not know what happened to them. I don't know, this is a very difficult situation.
 Plus, she had to leave her dog behind :( Poor little Cookie
 Yes, this is such a terrible story. Well, Cindy was robbed twice on the bus. That makes it very difficult to live in a place where you don't have any safety.
 I wonder why people are adopting them. Praying for them. Have you seen Frozen?
 Crazy, but what's even crazier is that Shark's have no rib cages! If they were on land they'd be crushed by the weight of their own body. 
 I am not sure anyone can take Trump down at this point, with all the rumored election rigging and ties to Russia, I personally think he will just cheat to win again and no one will do anything about it, just like these last 4 years.
 Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker.
 Exactly, Spykids received a 93% fresh rating on rotten tomatoes, better than, say, lincoln or the dark knight rises.
 I didn't realize that Steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack.
 Hi.  I guess Channig Tatum and Jenna Dewan Tatum are getting a divorce.  Sad.
 I have not seen it. Tran faced a lot of racist and abusive language on her social media though. That's sad.
 lol, no I didn't know that. I have a beef with Disney thou... I loved it when I was a kid, but since they've destroyed Star Wars... they're dead to me ;)
 They made him seem like he regressed into some kind of whiney baby, at his age and experience he should be evolving more like Ben Kenobi or even Yoda, not woah is me I need a xanex Luke
 That is weird to have so few lines like that! I can't believe Gene Wilder didn't watch the Willy Wonka remake because he didn't want to be disappointed in Depp. That is a little disappointing to me.
 No. I wish that I did
 He won the Oscar right, I thought he nailed it, he was great on that movie, that movie made me cry
 Rich people are often cheap.
 It is interesting, but something that's sad is that four-fifths of the world's natural forests have been destroyed. We need to do better with the planet I think
 I agree. I think star wars is getting too watered down, with average movies like Solo and New Hope. They were ok movies but not up to the quality we have come to know about the franchise.
 Yeah I think he is into Scientology. Did you know he was married to Nicole Kidman? They have since divorced.  Though they did so Eyes Wide Shut together.
 My daughter is named Arya. So we definitely fell into the trend! I am sad it is going to end this year, with the last season starting in April.
 I feel that most news are bias in some way or another. Too bad fox is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.
 Wow, I would not have thought that, especially with it being such a conservative state. I was sad when I learned that only one governor was against the internment of Japanese citizens during WWII. 
 I understand the difficulties of a country given it is a melting pot and it can't let spies cause problems in WWII due to conflicting loyalties, but they didn't execute this process well and treated Americans of Japanese heritage unfairly. It is too bad only 1 governor was against their imprisonment. 
 I agree. What a horrible blight on our history.
 I'm somewhat interested in politics but they just make me depressed.
 Yes! It was quite an emotional read. It made me really think about how life is like for them.
 Native Americans suffered for a lot of years, its a story that involves a lot of blood and tears and not an easy story to tell
 For sure, there were some powerful tales. I found the sory about the man born with fetal alcohol syndrome the darkest. You?
 Yeah, that one was crazy, he had a lot against him. Kinda sad. It all stayed w me for awhile. Had to take a break from the book.
 I feel the same way. I would rather just keep it brief and impersonal if I had hard feelings rather than publicly attack them.
 Unfortunately I am allergic to cats so while I enjoy them in small doses, I don't think I could ever own one.
 In looking some of those places up you want to find a place that is a rescue type facility. Unfortunately there are places that exploit the elephants and do not treat them well.
 I've heard that.  Are pets also used in their meals?
 Just don't show George martin any... He's not a fan of fan fiction...
 I think fan fiction is good. I bet he also complains that people do not write enough or how it is  lonely experience and then also complains about flattery... Seems like an inconsistent thought process.
 That would have been short sighted. Can you imagine making only $309? I would be so sad...
 I loved it too!  Can't wait for the next one, I'll probably cry all over again, when I see who all died at the end of the movie.
 You mentioned that Tetris can help with addictions. Well it can also help with PTSD. So if you can deal with seeing Tetris shapes everywhere it might be a good option for PTSD.
 Maybe a saved version of wikipedia.  I won't soon forget when the Cubs really did win, back in 2016, over my Indians.
 ah ... that's a little scary.  I suppose without a baseball bat, my simple weapon of choice would be  ...  something else I can't think of.  Fascinating.  I do like soccer.  I'm a Croat (half really), so the World Cup was exciting this year.  Unfortunately, only the women's world cup is more popular in the US than the baseball world series.
 Yes, I get the impression that soccer players are paid very much.  Baseball has some of those, but only a few total and maybe one or two on each team.
 I do as well. Sad about chester
 I agree. Such a waste of talent to go out like that.
 The character was not named after the black panther party.
 The earth covered mostly with water in the form of oceans. I think that the aliens might want our planet for the water.
 It's definitely not the same these days as it was back then. I think the rise of cable prices has hurt how many people are watching TV.
 Stan lee was a visionary. He will be so missed. I can't imagine not seeing his cameos in the coming movies. 
 I feel bad for stray dogs sometimes. Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for them if you recycle plastic bottles.
 Maybe they will evolve, like the birds.  Sprout wings that give them flight.  Would think they would be more like an Ostrich or penguin in comparison..flightless.
 Hmm.. sometimes I think all my pals are imaginary.  Sadly, I'm told the REAL Christopher Robin (who the books were based on) hated them and never took any money from them.  I find that sad, since his father wrote the books for him..
 I think maybe he felt embarrassed because the books were based so heavily on his life.  Did you know he died on Easter in 1996?  That was one year after I graduated from high school.  Man, I feel old!  LOL
 Well I hope he at least found some solace in that it inspired and that it is a indispensable part of many children worldwide
 Yeah, but it must suck if several of them offer exclusively shows/movies that you REALLY to see.  When it was all just Netflix, you pretty much could get whatever you wanted... Did you know Disney makes $1,110 per SECOND?  Wow... that blows my mind.
 I like all kinds of shoes. I prefer shoes that are more fashionable. But, I haven't been able to afford them in recent years. 
 Yes, if it's made from leather, but I had to wear clothes with gator skin. I guess it's a mind game with me.
 Ok, I don't mind killing animals for food, but I dislike killing for clothes, when there are many other material used to make clothes.
 haha ya me too, sad to think that 80% of the natural forests have been destroyed though
 I agree, we must find life in other planets if we want to survive as a species, its sad how 80% of the forests have been destroyed by now
 Yeah I guess so, just seems like a waste with all the poor families and kids without homes in the world, to think Musk was born in 1971, he sure has taken advantage of his time on earth
 Yeah, I feel a little bad for the people that fell for it, especially the first one, he was so ashamed that he did not called to police. 
 Yeah, sadly, I feel the same. Maybe the system still needs to be developed. Up until 1918 not all men in UK had the vote.
 That's sad. And a lot of eligible voters do not show up. The turnout for presidential elections has not reached 63 percent in the last 100 years.
 Wow! So officials in Ancient Athens were appointed by lottery. They thought elections would cause oligarchy. And knowing the fact you just told me doesn't make me have faith in the system either!
 Yeah, there needs to be electoral reform, so that fair electorial systems are put in place.
 Wow. Speaking of planets, I was sad when Pluto was deemed not a planet! I grew up being taught that it was!
 There needs to be a conversation about it. Maybe it will reach out to people and the shootings will stop. Parents shouldn't have to worry about what's going to happen to their children when they send them to school.
 Did you know that If earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.
 That's cool.  Sadly, bo I never collected baseball cards.  What about you?
 They had a really great lineup that really underpreformed. It was a shame they couldnt perform under their new manager.
 Yeah for sure! I just heard about that room a few days ago. Speaking of Disney, do you like the movie Aladdin?
 Me too. I miss him making films. I guess he started the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films. What a legend.
 That's crazy! I don't even watch Judge Judy. Celebs make too much, I think.
 As long as I'm not like the guy found in a beer cooler behind a concession stand at a baseball stadium. He was found just before a braves game, too.
 Good, how are you? Celebrities in science are quite rare aren't they? I was a fan of Stephen Hawking. I'm sad he finally passed away from ALS.
 I would think that he is smarter. I wonder how it felt to have such a physical disability but yet such a sharp mind.
 No, I missed it, I work odd hours.
 Makes sense. I might not know a ton about baseball but i know that the cubs  are always the underdogs. 
 I think I would and I wonder if he knew the value when he sold them. If he didn't that would be very painful.
 Yes, and they were already down by one run. I guess someone had to be that guy.
 Yeah, that sucks. He was a great player too. Well, nice chatting with you!
 I guess a disabled student who won a case against a TX school died recently.  Her name is Amber Tatro.
 H&M was selling goat hair coats and there was video footage the improper treatment of the goats.
 They were found to throw goats, I understand why people were shocked 
 Animal are being killed for food, but I think there are other material can be used for clothes.
 It's a shame they went extinct. The moa and the elephant bird have gone extinct too, but both of those were wingless birds.
 Poor Yahoo. Apple has Siri, Microsoft has Cortana... I'm sad that Ask.com isn't still around. I want to have Jeeves as my personal assistant!
 Yeah I think that is sad. Us humans are invading these animals' space and we think we own the place.
 I agree.  We dont even respect other humans, so animals definitely dont get any resepct.  We really need to treat every living thing with respect.
 It's especially bad because it was a licensed sanctuary that Sugito wandered into to collect food. This was undoubtedly done without permission.
 Killing a protected species is a crime in Indonesia so it was just those people who were out of control. What's gross is the villagers took selfies with the crocodiles afterward.
 Yeah, and I still don't think it's bad because the villager wandered into its habitat. But some people did question the logic of having crocodile ponds so close to a village.
 There was a sign that said stay away from the water but the parents let him get too close to the pond. He was scooping up water into a pail when he was snatched. Poor kid.
 Yeah, I heard that he was also playing in the water. And in this case they euthanized the alligator and humanely removed others.
 Yeah well I guess Disney World built where there were already alligators naturally. Seems pretty ineivitable in many areas of Florida that we would intrude. Sigh. I feel bad for the boy but the crocodile was probably just acting in its nature because it's a carnivore.
 Right.:/ And as humans we make handbags of alligators all the time. That being said,I'd be very protective of my children if an animal came to attack them.
 It is a fantasy where the main hero is a little girl. Apparently publishers were not a fan when it was first being sent out for publication. 
 That seems very strange but I guess the times where different on what people considered entertainment. 
  Hello,  did you know that more than 80% of the earths forests have been destroyed?
 Unfortunately we dont have enough stat going back far enough since at bats and pitch by pitch only started getting record in 1988
 I know that 80 percent of our forests have already been destroyed
 No more helium balloons? Aww...
 I don't really like them as pets but in nature yes. It's sad that the dodo bird is extinct. I hope we stop destroying the earth and habitats for animals. The dodo bird was actually a sub family of pigeon.
 Yeah she is one of the main characters of the show, I feel sad because the eight season is the final one so in April the beggining of the end will happen. 
 Interesting, What is kind of sad is that 80 percent of earths forests have been destroyed.
 Yeah, sadly mostly human activities are to blame for that, including massive deforestation for many reasons. 
 Or our level of stupidity and move on so we don't ruin their planet. 
 I can't even comprehend that number!  It is sad so many go extinct like the dodo bird.
 I hope soccer continues to maintain such a healthy spirit despite allegations of corruption surrounding the league
 I have watch enough science fiction movies. It seems that other beings would be more advanced than we are.We seem to not be able to solve global warming. The earth is 71% water and I am afraid the polar ice caps are melting!
 I also read that 80 % of the earths forests have already been destroyed. Very sad
 Seems like we're destroying Earth very quickly. the article mentioned that human's existence would represent 1 minute and 17 seconds in comparison to earth's entire history. Yet already we've done so much damage 
 Me too. I want to know so much more and be better but alas, I cannot.
 I dont either and I am pretty sure I am addicted to the dopamine hit I get everytime I open my phone.
 I used to go to blockbuster until we started using Netflix.  Can you believe that Netflix tried to get Blockbuster to use it's online service and Blockbuster flat out refused?
 Right! He is such a little kid about some things, but he's starting to look at girls differently and it's a weird situation to be in. He used to tell me everything, but not so much anymore.
 A little bit. I know there's a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities.
 Yeah, the solar system is quite peculiar, the sun represent 99.86 of all mass in the solar system. Knowing, that losing weight seems futile in the scheme of the universe. 
 It's sad that a satellite was lost on Mars due to a technicality.
 Oh, interesting! They are into all types of niches. This project has been many years in the making and it's called the Vesta. We might be able to get it next year, but the robot will likely become a roving Alexa. Unfortunately, it probably won't be a housekeeper.
 I would love to work at an Amazon warehouse. I think it might get me into shape! In the future that job will probably be done by robots but for now, it's even hard to train a robot to pick up a coffee mug, a task that is incredibly easy for humans.
 And we are the only mammals that cannot breathe and swallow at the same time. Bummer.
 And our history only represents one minute and 17 seconds if earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period. it is sad we are destroying this earth.
 Paul Ryan was the speaker of the house.  He left.
 I know! We were disappointed because we the cg on the previews was great. But the plot and acting were fairly bad!
 Maybe that is it! The little kids like it but it didn't come through for adults. Disney  is usually good at reaching both audiences.
 I guess it's nice to have that option, especially if you have one one your really don't want to vote for, for example, someone who doesn't exactly agree with history textbooks.
 Oh I think you're right! And I do sometimes! I saw Linkin Park in 2001, I thought it was very unique until finding out they had almost 324 concerts just that year.
 Could be, very sad! I hope not though.
 He got stupid drunk before the show, passed out after 15 minutes, and then the show ended. Once he was sued, he called it performance art. Such a waste...
 Yes had read few .  but FDA has burned 6 tons of literature in act of censorship. I dont think that was a good act 
 I think I have. There is a book of poems by Emily Jungmin Yoon that seems quite depressing-it is about Korean comfort women in WWII in Japanese occupied territories.
 I did not know that.  I do find it sad however, that 80 percent of earth's forests have already been destroyed.
 I'd say they were smarter.  I think the current generation only feels smart because we've got all this technology and knowledge at our fingertips.  So then, we feel like we can fill all our time with comedy.
 I missed mine too and also the chance to watch Linkin Park live, they performed 324 concerts in 2001 alone
 I guess it is because there is not many female cinematographer because they would not hire them. Sexism still exist. 
 He was quite the pioneer despite the racism.
 There are definitely some problems. A woman has never won best cinematographer, or even been nominated.
 I know how that feels; sometimes it seems like there's no good option. I can see why voter turnout has been under 70% in the past hundred years.
 That's how I felt too. I think the influence of the media was a major factor. According to actual rates, it's safer than it ever was in the past, but we're able to hear about so much more.
 That is my understanding, I believe he was forced from professorship in the late sixties, probably because he was black.
 That's kind of sad, people can't complain if they don't vote,  In some countries, Australia for instance, you get fined for not voting.
 I think I would pass on that one.  I didn't even know they were still all around.  Fame can take a toll on performers; Linkin Park was so awesome, but their lead singer faced demons and committed suicide.  So sad.
 Unfortunately it seems the service at the restaurant is not so great. That is one of the most important things, for me.
 Can't say that I'm much of a fan. I was sad to hear about Chester though.
 That's quite the tour. I wonder if all those stops finally took a toll on him.
 Pretty sure I was at at least one of those LP shows in '01.  It's a shame that the lead singer is gone, he was from around here...
 That makes sense since when it comes to poetry you are definitely making something. I don't think it is as appreciated as a writing form as it could be. 
 I miss pluto being considered a planet. It is hard to remember them because we can't use the first letter memory trick anymore. 
 It's really sad how petty or troubled of a person you have to be to do it too. People put down others because they haven't learned to pick themselves up any other way, and it's indicative of deeper problems.
 The first lady is damned if they do and damned if they don't, get involved in policy that is.
 Probably not the best choice, but I'd hate it if every choice I made was monitored by hundreds of people every day.
 The thing now that everyone has iphones and can take pictures of you every second of the day.
 Probably making a political point.  usually everything Presidents do is to make a point.  Can't see any other reason.  Unless the reflection was getting in his eyes.
 It makes sense if that is your belief.  Can you imagine the uproar now if a President did it today, the media would be full of their assault on Christmas and Christianity.
 That is kind of depressing!
 I bet. Did you hear about Mrs. Lambert? She passed away a few years ago. 
 Yeah i agree... i really hate when they build developments they chop down all the trees leaving none! :(
 Yes, how about you? I think Linkin Park is the band I've seen the most. They play a lot of shows. Or at least they did :( Sadly there will be no more.
 I was only just made aware of that offer.  There are always people willing to exploit a system like that.
 This kind of promise works well in a small group, but once it goes national you lose the personal connection, and some will exploit it.
 I think we just need someone who doesn't marginalize a lot of the country. That's not a high bar to get over. Our current nation is that low right now... Jefferson would be rolling over in his grave.
 That is a really strange salutation but no, I am not a skin head. 
 There was a fire here in LA and so many horse were saved by out firefighters. Any other animals were not very lucky. It was very sad. We need to do more to protect animals
 It was a cruel war for horses, many, I hear Islandic horses have a fifth speed, 
 That's Putin for you, he's going to do that, hard to believe it took the CIA needing to tell them he was doing it.  I'm sure all of our "frenemies"  do the same thing and we do it to them, too.
 I agree.    The Brett Kavanaugh thing was quite a debacle!
 Yes.    You arrest someone, you take them to prison, whether it is a jail or the Senate!
 Did you know ever president has been a republican or democrat since 1853.
 Truman was not a tall fellow, so might have trouble in contemporary politics.
 Yes.    If they changed the colors, do you think voter turnout might surpass 62.8%?
 Thanks and hello.
 Oh Yea.  You?
 I did hear that.  Emilia clarke did the funky chicken and robot dance at the audition for daenerys targaryen.
 Did you know that there was an episode of mr. rogers where he learned to breakdance
 That's cool.  I've never been to Poland.  There are ballet slippers that make drawings from the dancer's movements
 I agree! I heard that south korea had to pick up the bill for North korea. 
 He isnt a great person, he had his own uncle executed, so I doubt that is a possibility.
 Maybe it is something that will have all have to do, Earth has already lost 80 % of its natural forest. 
 But humans have a big impacts on Earth'S ressources, at this rate there won't be any Helium left at the end of the 21st century. 
 I have heard on the news that the company responsible declared bankruptcy, another reality tv show that did not pass the test of reality.
 I dont agree that much that most countries are taking this seriously. There is china and india that are throwing garbage in the ocean.
 It could get so bad that eventually we may need to go to a new planet in the future. Its sad to think that could happen one day.
 It's sad to think about that. I do like that a lot of governments around the world are trying to fight deforestation.
 I know! That's sad, isn't it? If our entire history was seen in a 24 hour period, we as humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds and in that brief time, we've already destroyed most of the natural forests. That is so upsetting. 
 I heard a bit about it. I know they sadly lost a satellite on Mars because of it. It's like that sounds like a very costly mistake.
 That is a lot of trees!! we are seriously abusing the planet, it's curious how a day lasted 5.5 hours at the begining of earths creation
 Yes, I remember when that happened. The entire state thought they were being attacked by North Korea.
 Interesting! I guess kids in South Korea have it rough. It's illegal for them to play video games past midnight.
 Most of them have pissed me off with their force-fed moronic political views.  I do miss Robin Williams.  I didn't realize he was the voice of Aladdin and the 1st to start that trend. 
 Haha, yup they are awesome.  I was a being fan of Linkin Park.  Very sad to hear what happened to them after having one of the best selling album's of the 21st century.
 *Big fan I meant.  The lead singer passed away recently.
 Oh, sorry to hear that.  On a lighter note, two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 in 1992.
 Yes, as wild as scientist voting the song "We are the Champions" as the catchiest song of all time.  I miss Freddy...
 Yeah, I"m pretty bad at coordination and multitasking so I should probably give up the idea too.
 I did not like Obi's death. When I first saw that movie, I was like 7 and cried! I was so sad...
 My girlfriend also cannot watch them so I have not really seen many horror films the last 3 years.
 Very sad for the dodo bird.
 Yeah he does hate it. He considers that to be copyright infringement which is weird to me
 Yeah I believe so. Poets back in the day where starving artists. 
 There's a lot of people trying to take that crown though...
 That makes almost make me want to quit doing my job if that happened. But I suppose there is so much competition for the awards that you just keep trying. 
 That seems crazy to me. You would think that after all this time that at least one woman would have at least been nominated. But with people like stanley kubrik and Gavin Free it is hard to break in. 
 I always support a team called Everton, not too many have heard of them.  My local team were successful in the nineties but faded away, Wimbledon.
 He was a team mate of that Christano Ronaldo, I hear he's in trouble with the police now.
 I guess he's done that already, he paid $375,000 for a legal settlement, but a German newspaper found out and made it public.
 Apparently the woman in question has now approached the Las Vegas police and they have opened an investigation.  Not sure how it works if he is in Italy and they are here.
 yeah. I feel bad for the way women have been treated. I am sure there are a lot of skeletons still in closets.
 Yeah, that is sad.  Apparently he had heart problems. 
 After all that running? You would think he would have a perfect heart! Joe Jackson died too apparently. 
 Yeah, I was also disappointed when Cosby first got accused because I watched his show growing up. A lot of women have come forward and there were lots of witnesses too.
 Sad that it happened so late in life too. I just don't know. I would think he would be smarter than that, but who knows.
 It's that high!!!! 150 movies with 100% and I can't find one I like.
 They have the right to vote but not a lot of choices, since 1853 all presidents have been either republican or democrat
 Agree again. It is all about the money and that is sad. 
 For sure, wish it was acceptable for more people to seek help instead of thinking that suicide is the answer. Great chatting, hope you have a great rest of the night. Take care!
 In my opinion common sense does seem to be sorely lacking in today's political climate. We are almost bordering on tyranny from both sides of the aisle. Neither is willing to compromise and those that suffer don't have a say. 
 yeah seems like the divide gets wider every day.
 yeah, I feel the same. no need to be hateful because someone sees things differently. Sadly, today, it seems like if you dont think a certain way, you're not only criticized but can be threatened with violence. Crazy times for sure
 Good for him! I would have given up. I wrote for a few years and it was a lonely experience...
 Hi! It's so insane that women couldn't vote just a short time ago. I remember my grandma telling me about that. 
 I completely agree. I think there is a balance between voting and holding men accountable but still not making men the enemy. Gender aside, it's pretty sad that voter tturnout in the US hasn't been above 63% in over 100 years!!! I find it such a privilege. 
 I agree but then again when people don't have the right to vote for so long and still don[t have the right t ovote, they will want to vote on anything. LIKe 34% of black men in alamaba can't vote ever again. 
 If they were convicted of certain crimes? I'm not sure what else could prevent that other tahn just blatant discrimination. 
 Agreed. India even sets up polling in forests for one voter. In America we do it midweek where people can't even get there unless they can take off work. 
 Can you imagine!! Maybe a short candidate would start to win!! As a short person myself (i'm 5'1), i think it's sad that the taller person has won 75 % of the time in the past 119 years !
 yeah. Just seems like a lot of peopple worked hard for woman to ignore that right. But you are correct. Plus, it's really inconvenient!
 That is true and a great perspective. I agree that a lot of the rights americans have are usually taken for granted with the inclusion of time. Think about the draft now a days. There would be a mutany! Yet many of the brave soldiers for Vietnam were drafted.
 I miss Robin Williams. He was a one of a kind talent. 
 I could see him doing that. I think he really loved animated films like that. He tried so hard to make everyone around him laugh while he was so sad inside. 
 Lol, yeah I think so. Once sad thing is that more than 80 percent of the earth's forests have been destroyed.
 Yes it's very sad. I enjoyed talking with you. Hopefully you have a good day.
 Yeah, I certainly am not too enthused with the way things are going with the planet being abused lately.  For a 4.5 billion year old planet, it's a shame watching it get abused.
 Ok, I'll lower my expectations about the hats. 
 Do you like hockey? I'd feel pretty defeated if I was the other goalie in the 1924 Olympics who let in 132 goals.
 That's me, I miss about 30% of everything we watch.  I've been on the couch as my wife has watched every episode of Game of Thrones, I saw about three hours worth. 
 Just tired at the end of the day.  Even things I want to watch on Netflix I pass out to.  Usually because it's getting close to 12am, which is when Netflix uses 33% of all of America's bandwidth.
 I like how the franchise has been sexed down. I felt bad for it when it came out the first time.
 I guess they are trying to be politically correct.  Technology does have its drawbacks at times.
 I think Prime might be necessary, but I know that cost is going up.  If only I had Google's money! 
 I suppose it's a eternal life thing, doesn't seem like much of a life floating around a memory stick.  I guess you could program a world to exist in.  I may be no expert but I don't see it coming to reality.
 Of course The Matrix, just like me to miss the obvious.  Whatever they come with don't smoke near it, it will just like with Apple and invalidating your warranty.
 They did beat Seinfeld and Friends, yet few people remember this show. 
 Moments, yes.  But when I think back to a period like high school, it's four years, but a few dozen moments.  I think that over time, you'd remember just one thing from each decade.
 Also, then we'd run out of jobs ... yeah the math gets wonky there.
 Yes! How scary, I read that they found the cougar and killed it. Sad how animals think they have to attack for their safety.
 Yes, sad that they had to kill the animal but best for the safety of others.
 It would be an interesting read for sure, he did led the development of nuclear weapons, the same ones that were dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki
 Reminds me of when Joey put all of Chandler's clothes on during Friends. I am not proud of myself for that knowledge...
 I had to stop watching it because my wife doesn't like violent shows and would get mad.. Now all I watch with her is chick flick shows like Covert Affairs and Mozart in the Jungle. What shows  you like?
 Yeah they just aren't being taught the value of reading. In the 18th Century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels, now there is smart phone panic.
 I never saw the movie. Didn't read the book either. Starship troopers was terrible. I did see that...
 Yep I agree. It's too bad that the studio interfered so much with Justice League, it could have been a great movie but it wasn't
 Hi! Have you seen Justice League yet? If you have and didn't like it, don't bother buying it on 4k. Otherwise it's just two hours of "Oh what could have been ". DC and Warner Bros really missed a huge opportunity travel a mark on the world of superhero cinema!
 I am as well. The comic genre will never be the same. He created so many characters I loved to read about, watch and even play on the Nintendo Entertainment System! Speaking of which, did you know it could only display 54 colors. Isn't that crazy?
 What a tragedy that someone was murdered over a pair of shoes! 
 I cannot believe that regular people spend a lot of money on shoes.  
 I don't know about that, I do sympathize too but I don't think his mother is at fault
 Yea, earth has a lot of issue, it will be virtually helium-free by the end of the century
 I tried it out once, but didn't stick with it. I liked that it's basic features were free. I couldn't find songs I liked though
 That's definitely a good thing, considering 80 percent of earth's natural forest's have been eradicated.
 I guess no party balloons.
 These algorithms are never as good as they say they are.  I use Spotify and it tries to make recommendations for me based on what I listen to, it's never very good.
 Thats a lot of kids, all of them are refugees, escaping danger from their countries, kind of breaks my heart
 I know right, thankfully theres a place that rescues them, the nonprofit LACES really does a good job
 I do think it has gotten out of hand though, a 16 year old killed another teen in Washington over a pair of Air Jordans.  That is sad.
 That is sad. Murder over a $250 pair of shoes. Senseless.
 Yeah the defense claims the 3 teenage witnesses were lying.  They apparently were the only evidence.  Must have been ironclad.
 the society's morality is becoming worst
 Agree.  I am not a fan of such living style.  Btw, do you like basketball
 I guess one teen had a pair of Air Jordans, and another demaded them from him. He ran away and was chased, said witnesses, and they heard gunshots soon after. It's terrible! Over shoes!
 Me either. I can only read about it and imagine. But at least them my imagination plays a part, and it's quite interesting. What if we have a mirror planet around another sun somewhere. Another planet being destroyed by humans. Well, my imagination just got sad. Dang.
 momo is telling kids to do bad things while their parents are sleeping,
 Yea, him and Kim have 3 children.
 I agree. The only reason I asked was because of people second guessing the global warming research. Seems odd to me..
 I know a little. I know banning those two books would cost me two of my favorite books.
 I've never read it, but I know that both that and Twain's "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" have been surrounded in controversy because of the use of the "n"-word.
 Blockbuster had the chance to buy Netflix for $50M and passed.
 I went into a toy r us when they were closing and it was the saddest thing ever. I looked at a capitalist dismantling, literally, of my romanticized childhood.
 Exactly! I did the same thing and even then, the prices were still so much more expensive than Amazon! I tried to get toys about the solar systems but couldnt' find any.
 I would think it would be higher than that. I don't think there is enough access to libraries for the people in certain areas of the us. 
 That is a good point. She probably doesn't retain much. Ha! On a related reading note, I find it sad that there was a moral panic over the spread of the reading of novels back in the 18th Century. I'm so glad we don't love back in those times.
 I think the fact something based in fact iike archaeologists discoveries can quickly become an obsession.
 Perhaps, but this takes me back to silly memes and a 4.5 billion year old planet.
 In september of 2010, the united nations appointed official ambassador to extraterrestrials - perhaps they can help with that!
 Yes I can't believe more than 80% of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed.
 I wasn't aware of that either. I do watch and enjoy basketball though. I do think it's crazy the highest paid employee in 39 of the 50 states are either college football or basketball coaches. That's kind of sad, really.
 lets talk about earth. Its sad that More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 That's the truth! It sounds like toward the end they both had a lot of personal things that pushed them to leave.
 They were, but aparently one of the spouses had alzheimer's and the other lost his father in that last year.
 Oh wow. That's rough. On a happier note, I was reading some interesting trivia-type facts on elections. Did you know since 1900, the taller presidential candidate has won the election 75% of the time?
 YES ;) mine too. That vocal was amazing ! ;)  was... such a shame...
 I agree and I'm sure it was a good laugh. Did you know that all elections in Oregon are conducted by mail? I like going to the polls!
 I'm surprised that  the 2012 US election was the first US election since 1944 in which neither major party ticket had a veteran on it. Kinda sad if you ask me.
 Yep I agree with you. I wonder if he ever got to visit the Pixar secret room. They have a secret room just for celebrities, I hope he was able to
 That's too bad, me too! I have been to concerts throughout my life though. Seen a lot of my favorite bands. 
 I've heard rumors of it, but never if it was true or not. I do feel bad for him, he never really was a child.
 Someone once told me if you did not buy a product, you are the product. I scoffed at them but now it makes so much sense.
 When you buy a product, you get something in return. If you do not buy something, like facebook, youare the product. They are selling you to others through your data or ads.
 It makes me sad that artists like them wouldn't be successful in today's market.
 And in that time, we've managed to destroy 80 percent of the natural forests. So sad!
 I think I remember my spouse saying something about that. I think more needs to be done about suicide awareness. 
 Yeah I agree, it is unfortunate, and Linkin Park helped a lot of people through that too, so it is a shame he had bad issues
 Yes, I think that and the death of other famous people, like Robin Williams. A friend's husband committed suicide last year. It has been very hard on her family.
 I can only imagine, such a sad thing. 
 Yes, she really struggles coming to terms with the situation. She posts about it a lot on social media. Who can blame her. She probably asks herself why this happened every single day. 
 It's sad to think that more than 80 percent of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.
 I liked those shows too and they were better than 3rd rock. I did see friends the other day and it did not hold up. It was bad.
 True. And apparently legislation is the only way to accomplish real change. The Justice Department does not have the legal authority to do anything. 
 Quite possibly. Meanwhile we continue to have mass shootings every couple of months. I'm not sure if the answer is gun control, mental health policy, or both, but we need to do something!
 Probably not. At least not as long as we let the get away with stalling via "debate".  Apparently even the NRA is in favor of banning bump stocks, but we still can't get this through Congress. Sad state of affairs.
 That's a whole other can of worms. LOL. PAC money and special interests have so much control. Foreign countries, too, apparently.
 I grew  up with dogs...Old English Sheepdogs, to be specific.  I love them too.  just can fit a big dog in a small apartment.
 It's saddening to think that over 80% of our forests have been destroyed.
 I know his older kids know, as some of them were involved with him, but I always wondered about children of drug king pins and mafia members, etc. His twins are only seven years old.
 He is always hurting himself, I believe it is the way he plays, he runs so much more than some of the other players.
 I did, (unlike the Creed concert that resulted in a lawsuit the following year) . I was saddened when Chester Bennington took his own life. 
 I have been to Croatia before but regret not going to see the ancient amphitheater there
 That would be really cool. Too bad Stan Lee passed. I could totally see him creating something like that. 
 I did not know that there was more than one artist related to Batman.  Yes,  Breyfogle was very talented.
 Yea
 Yes, but it hasn't been the same since Norm Breyfogle died. He was my favorite batman artist and he died at just 58 years of age.
 It was awesome, but not as awesome as a British chicken. The NES died an untimely death in 2003 in Japan. It should have lived forever.
 Did you ever hear the story of the mute man they found in 2005 wandering around the streets of England who could only communicate by a piano? It was sad but also fascinating!
 Indeed it was! Can you also believe the Lord of the Rings trilogy was a massive box office success but despite that, it still managed to make huge losses? That is just sad, honestly! Well it was great chatting with you! Take care, friend!
 Yeah, not sure about that one?  It is sad that 80% of the earth's natural forest have been destroy. Takes time to replant and grow!
 I know it's just a robot but that makes me super sad. It was nice chatting with you. Have a lovely day. 
 Not very much, do you?
 no not really but they are everywhere, especially the kardashians
 Yes, I have been to a Lincoln Park concert. Unfortunate what happened.
 oh yeah... i forgot all about that!  So sad!
 I liked House of Cards. Too bad about Kevin Spacey. I think that the show could have kept going if he hadn't done what he did.
 Yea, I like her in Seinfield,sad to hear she has breast cancer
 I do, too bad the leading singer committed suicide, I loved the band
 I would hope there would be more to the story than that just being the reason but it does reflect poorly on that era.
 I never liked dressing up for work back when I was in an office, not sure how I feel about those aloha shirts though, it feels a little like forced merriment.
 I've heard it a while back, I guess you can't make helium, and when it's released into the air it escapes our atmosphere, never to be seem again.
 Very true. It is irresponsible to rely on social media for news. But it is relevant in divorce, as 1/3 of filings refer to facebook.
 Hi,  Do you like learning about alternative energy?  Did you know that more than 80 % of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed?  That is sad.
 Me too! Like Water World. I do wish we had that 80% of forests that are now gone.
 Yes, I think his 1874 travels had made him the first reigning monarch to visit America and the first honoree of state dinner at the White House. Is it right?
 mama Mia is good. I enjoy watching shows on broadway. So sad hamlet is booked like forever
 Yeah, so sad. Even though if Earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period we would only have been here for over a minute.
 I can't imagine trying to navigate marriage as a famous person.  It's sad that it seems they hookup and breakup just for the tabloids.
 It's gotta be hard.  And to grow up as a child star like Michael Jackson ... even harder.
 It would.  But then again, it seems you would have to stick to a fairly non-controversial cause like hunger.
 I wonder where we get helium in the first place. It is incredible and a pity that humans only represent 1 min on earth's history, yet we are causing so much damage to earth
 That duet he was supposed to do with Freddie Mercury which was canceled would have been epic, I wish that could have happened :(
 I kind of miss popular music where you could hear a great lyric without having to read the liner notes.
 Not really, it's sad he didn't graduate high school until he turned 25
 I hope not!  Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century.  
 Yes, it's a really sad story. I hope the suspect, if guilty, is punished.
 That is so true. Did you know they didn't find a cause to the death of the people?
 Yeah, that was an interesting story about what happened at the Backstreet Boy concert. I do think that the people holding the event should have warned the people.
 Agreed. That's how politics usually works. It's sad. I hope that people start to understand that the law is important.
 It's unfortunate. Personally, I think people should let wild animals be free. But what can I say, we have dogs as pets while others eat them.
 I agree with that statement. That would be a crazy thought to eat a dog.
 Really? I guess they must be the older species around, really ancient and powerful and we are about to extinct them with all the hunting
 I wonder if Creed has ever played there. I am sure they would be sued for their performance there too.
 I try to, it's disappointing to know air travel is down 10% than it was in the 1960s
 So true. I think we are too hard on young stars. It can't be easy being in the limelight all the time. 
 That's crazy to think.  I've had luggage lost at the airport before though.
 I can understand that. YouTube and Netflix both account for half the peak internet traffic in north America, unfortunately. 
 Yeah, The guy lived  a long life and his work will live on as long as people read comics. He was a national treasure in my opinion.
 That is a super strange law. I wonder why that is? I was saddened to learn that there are more tigers living as pets in the United States than there are tigers living in Asia in the wild. We really need to protect them better. 
 Don't know.  Deep Purple played a show so loud that three audience members ended up unconscious.
 That sounds terrible! I hope you are better now and yeah I like hockey too, it can change your focus and cheer you up in bad times
 It was another era, before TV and the image took over, I think he would have had the role now where the look is more important than the brain. 
 It would be great, people are stuck with there phones now, someimtes they seem like zombies, I miss the days of the great authouts like CS Lewis and Tolkien
 I see.  Also, did you know that more than 80 percent of our earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 Oh dear, that is scary!
 Oh my gosh... I can't even begin to imagine. I am so terribly sorry. Dogs are such amazing creatures!!! What was her name?
 Sasha. It's the 3rd dog I have had to put down and although it was emotionally easier this time, I still miss her. My first dog, the golden, I took three days off of work from.
 What a bad investment decision! Way to stick it to them! I think I'd be a little discouraged if that happened to me, wouldn't you?
 Very rough. The teams erupt into fighting a lot, too.
 Oh yeah, that was a good album!  I'm told they did like 324 tours the year it was released!  Pity what happened with Chester Bennington though.... :(
 So sad. Mental health issues are too often ignored these days.
 I didn't. She's truly an awe-inspiring talent.
 Yea, it does regrow back unfortunately, but so does a human rib
 That is surprising. And to answer your question, no I do not have any favorite celebrities, though I would love to be one just so I could visit Pixar studio's secret room.
 That's sad. If anyone could do it I would have bet on them.
 Sadly, yes.  I'm scared to drive through Mexico City, where the police corruption is really bad.  With that in mind, it's hard to think of USA cops as rotten.
 A slow kill.  Well, we do care more about radioactivity and such.  And our research labs are better at finding links like that.  If only they could better detect corruption of government officials.
 Did you know Harry Truman wouldn't get his picture taken with Dumbo, because Dumbo is an elephant which represents the Republican party?
 Shootings are really sad and they can really traumatize a family. I still remember the Parkland High School shooting; 17 dead. That was sad.
 Before he became a rapper, eminem's true dream was to become a comic book artist. his favorite superhero was spider-man.
 The marvel cinematic universe takes place in earth-199999, a multiverse different from the original comic book universe, earth-616.
 I love muse, but it kind of makes me sad that he has ruined so many guitars.
 That is true. And let's not forget our own FDA burned six tons of literature in a censorship act. That almost makes me want to cry.
 Good point.  Sometimes it pays to marry (and divorce) the right people I guess.
 Another great phrase. It is rather tragic that he died at age 52. That time period had such a short life expectancy.
 Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label?
 Hi! Can you believe a Florida legislator's aide said two of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting survivors were actors? That is sad!
 I am a fan of comic books specially Marvel, too bad Stan Lee died, did you know he ended every conversation with the phrase Excelsior
 I do like it sometimes haha how about you? That is sad he was only paid that!
 It was so sad that he died last year, him along with the creator of Sponge bob himself.
 Yes, that was a sad day.  It's hard to lose such creative minds; you know that their work can just never be replicated.  It's like losing a big part of the culture.
 I agree, for sponge bob was my CHILDHOOD. I loved that show so much while growing up, it was sad to see him die.
 Yeah I bet he was very interested in that. What do you think about Japan though? Would you ever go? I would hate to spend $300 to travel across the whole country
 Thats sad, the stats are still alarming, 100 million sharks get killed every year, 
 There are other countries that exploit the shark for meat as well.There are estimated to be 20 million blue sharks killed a year.At that rate it wouldnt take long to destroy the entire population.How sad.
 The rain forest needs all the help it can get.
 Well Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports Lacrosse and Ice Hockey.
 Gee, I don't know. Wouldn't surprise me. I don't know what you've heard about Earth, but it's not the greatest place, no thanks to us humans. For example, we've managed to already destroy more than 80 percent of all our forests.
 No, I did not know that.  He was so talented in many ways.
 Again it is a bit of a blind spot for me, I seem to have lots of blind spots.  Maybe I should get my eyes tested.
 Yes, I know the basics, not completely blind.   I even know of the Miami Heat, I live in the Cleveland area and recall the shirt burning when LeBron took his talents there. 
 Yea, it's a shame a comedy film hasn't won best picture in 37 years
 I am so saddened to hear about the van accident that caused 10 deaths in Toronto.
 Yes, it was quite a tragedy, and caused a number of safety measures to be implemented.
 The fans needed the distraction and sports do bring people together. It's too bad that a tragedy has to happen for us to see a need to change security measures, but we can't always anticipate tragedy.
 Yes, they are like chameleons. Change colors to suit their purpose. I like Reagan-but that was a long time ago. The world was more peaceful then.
 Yeah. On my first dive I went like 75 and freaked out! I ran out of oxygen so quickly... I'm a little better now...
 Definitely, unfortunately I think we're the biggest predators. We use to think the ocean's resources were limitless, but that thinking with the Northwest Atlantic Cod Fishery almost killed a whole ecosystem.
 I did not know that! I think we imagine that the ocean's resources are infinite, but of course, we are running out of fish year by year.
 Sad, but true. Also, over 80% of our Earth's natural forest have already been destroyed, it's a shame.
 And sadly it has mostly been by us. If earth's whole history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would represent 1 minute and 17 seconds
 I like to snorkel in the ocean at coral reef and small fish. Its so beautiful!
 Yes, he seemed to make a career out of restricting the rights of women, even criticizing the  long term use of contraception. 
 That's not cool.  He made several appearances on The Big Bang Theory.  I didn't know he died.  Sad.
 The would have been wild. They should reinstate that rule. I'd like do see someone come in with a loaf of hero bread. That would be entertaining to watch. Everyone has gotten so serious and is always offended these days. We always looked to sports as a form of entertainment but now it's so political.
 Yeah. I feel bad for the bad rap he has gotten. He seems to be doing the right things and he is still getting bagged for it.
 I agree! And he has not gotten into any trouble off the court. It's a shame he receive this hatred.
 I didn't know that. I do remember getting a dvd years ago. 
 Yes, It is funny to drive by places that use to be Blockbusters and to think that is how many of us spent Friday and Saturday night.
 lol Yes. They really take a beating.  Those poor horses live a terrible life.  I live near an Amish community and a lot of the retired race horses that didn't make big money end up being resold to the Amish market to pull their buggies around.  It's sad.  Icelandic horses have a fifth speed called tolt, which is basically speedwalking for a horse.  I just found that out.
 It was sad, the titanic still rests at the bottom of the sea, it's being eaten slowly by bacteria and some day it will be gone
 His success makes me feel even worse for Melo Anthony. He couldn't succeed there, he may not succeed anymore with his antiquated game. Sad...
 As a Chicago fan, I am not sure I would like him to suit up for us. I would prefer to just cut or waive him.
 they were such a great band, what a shame for what happened
 Although we would need a dyson sphere in order to capture all of that energy.
 I do enjoy using the internet, but I worry the constant novelty does cause addiction.
 It is a pretty messy thing to come back from. This is usually where the movie jumps the shark (so to speak).
 Yes, I have too. It takes away everything, even things you wouldn't think you could forget like playing the piano.
 Linkin Park! I own hybrid theory. I'm so sad about Chester. Mental health is a serious issue.
 I wonder why more people don't vote? It is something I value doing so much. Have a nice day!
 That's impressive and probably that or more that are no longer around, anymore.  It's sad what we do to our environment.
 I had heard that as well. When a judge made a ruling in an Eminem case she did it in the form of a rap. I wish she wouldn't have done that. Seems so embarrassing and unnecessary. 
 I probably wouldn't know they were valuable...and just toss them in storage. Wouldn't that be terrible?
 It's a shame that 80% of natural forest have been destroyed by humans
 That is very sad. It's not like we have a lot of planrts we can go to close by if we mess this one up. Not like we could live on the planet that precipitates glass sideways at 4500 mph.
 Thats not much at all and in 1 min and 17 seconds we have managed to destroy the planet, we are the best species
 it is, but it is also sad to know that more than 80% of the earths natural forests have been destroyed
 Probably not, but I guess it might be better to not make it seem attractive to teens so they will avoid it.
 We've very good at spreading out into new environments. But we still cannot synthesize vitamin C.
 I feel so bad for Queen Elizabeth. Her corgi had to be put down.
 It is always sad when you lose one of your furry friends. I've had to do that a couple of times myself. It's a sad thing to have to do.
 The Queen of England has had a corgi since 1944. Those dogs must've been very spoiled
 I'm sorry, that's really miserable. I also don't like going through the security lines that they have.
 Yeah, I guess you're not supposed to read on a plane. It messes you up
 Yes, I have read that scary statistic. 
 Humans can sometimes have a very negative affect on the Earth, hopefully we can fix our ways and work with, rather than against, Earth.
 Yes, that does make me sad. I know that the landscape has repeatedly changed but when you see all those trees down, it's depressing. And to think that in the earth
 Humans have had such a great impact in a short amount of time, if the earth's history was a 24 hour period humans would have been here for 1 min and 17 secs 
 Haha, that's neat to hear.  
 Maybe it was popular in ancient times, when playing with words could be seen as entertainment. Nowadays, we have Disney. 
 He is one of my favorite players all time. I was sad when we traded him but definitely rooted for him when he was on Denver.
 Very true!  I was sad to hear about the death of the creator of Iron Man recently, Stan Lee.
 It was a successful movie it earned 585 million, but Robert Downey only made $500 000.  
 That might! I know Jobs was tall! Although he was not into fashion.
 So true. If it isn't chatting online they are buried in their phones while holding actual conversations. People hardly look up anymore just constant scrolling. 
 I wish I could have seen it on Broadway!
 Glad you had fun, it's too bad I can't use a broomstick for a racket anymore, they outlawed everything but rackets in 1978.
 That's pretty impressive. It's a shame that the world cup hosts do not get any economic benefits for hosting
 I learned a lot.      It is tragic that his twin died at birth!
 Maybe if it was fried, but fried seahorse necks does not sound appetizing. 
 I miss the sleeve, the booklet in the CD case, playing MP3 feels convenient but cheap. Like electronic music versus guitar music. 
 Yeah which is unfortunate. I liked that they were on Netflix
 That's true. It seems like more often than not, government and legal institutions operate on policies 20 years behind the tech, like you mentioned with the court video. The same thing was echoed in the US Congress recently with the questioning of the Google and Facebook CEOs.
 That's true, and not the only way this story makes me question my faith in the institution. I suppose I'd just assumed we had more of a right to know what's going on behind the doors of the systems we the people fund.
 So sad the an owl sanctuary was needed to house abandoned owls from the books...
 That would have been short sighted and such a loss! 
 I love that about her. Also, I did not know she turned down Michael Jackson to do a performance! I bet he was shocked at the time. 
 I'm sure he wasn't too thrilled about that. I hate to hear that a new owl sanctuary had to be opened up to house all the pet owls abandoned by Harry Potter fans.  That's so sad.
 Yea a lot of people love harry potter. Unfortunately an owl sanctuary was opened due to abandoned owls of harry potter fans 
 That's too bad
 Yeah that's very sad to hear especially in a modern society. That's one case we can be glad at how low voting rates are, I think for presidential elections it hasn't been above 63% in a century.
 Ah, same here. I gave up a while back. Do you play any other instuments?
 Yeah it was sadly
 Yeah, that sucks. Well nice chatting with you! 
 It was the typical autocratic election: main opposition party dissolved by the court, protesters where arrested, sketchy monitors (from China) . But how do you impose sanctions without hurting the factory workers ?
 In ancient Greece, official were appointed by lottery, sometimes randomness is better than a dog.  
 I wonder if they were playing it as it went down like they played music when the Titanic sunk?
 Right?! But only half the adults in the US have library cards. I guess the half of us that do are using the heck out of those libraries. 
 I did too.  I think my favorites were always the classics. I wish I had read more Tolkien and Lewis as a kid. 
 I'm sure if extraterrestrials could see us, they'd be embarassed at how we've destroyed the Earth.
 Large tech companies say they are close to getting quantum computers to work. I wish we could go back to simpler times. Such a race to build things to find out all of the mysteries of the universe.
 Haha, true. It's sad that as humans, we have destroyed 80 percent of earth's natural forests.
 Haha, that was my first thought.
 It was sad to see him die, I really enjoyed his work.
 That would be a better choice. A nba hall of famer Reggie Miller scored a career high 40 points in 1982. Sad thing is is that his sister scored 105 points and broke 8 records, Reggie couldn't escape his older sister's shadow.
 Yeah, I think it would be kind of depressing to get such a huge lump sum of money so late in life though.
 did you know 78% of players go bankrupt just 2 years after retirement?
 Yes, very much and also about 60%  are broke after 5 years. I think they need some financial guidance!
 No not at all.  I was happy to see Lebron and Kyrie Irving beat them a couple years ago.  Last year Lebron had no help though.
 I hope you are better off than most NBA and NFL players after they stop playing... More than half are either broke or bankrupt!
 Yeah. That's why it was so smart for Tim Duncan to stay in college four years rather than jump early to the NBA. Things worked out well for him with the spurrs, but many players get injured or let go and they have no degree to fall back on...
 Its a shame he wasn't paid more when part of the warriors since he seemed to make the team.
 yes.  agree.  his multiple ankle injuries played a role in the Warriors getting back to their normal selves.  He only played in 58 of the team's 95 games and basically played himself back into shape.
 interesting.  good morals.  funny when Nike was pitching Curry to sign on with them the press was so bad they left Kevin Durant's name in there and he signed on with Under Armor instead.  bet that Nike rep was fired on the spot.
 this is crazy...  2 years after retirement 78% of NFL players go bankrupt. or under financial stress.  five year after retirement 60% are flat broke.
 sounds like these guys spend so much as players when they get the big paychecks they never save any and can't afford the bills anymore after retirement.  it would be hard for sure.  especially in the NFL where there are no guaranteed contracts.
 agree, that area of CA is where high tech lives.  so expensive.  so Spencer Haywood chose to take $100k instead of a 10% stake in Nike as payment.  Imagine what 10% of Nike is worth today?>
 Wow! One thing's for sure, Steph Curry is not only a great player but philanthropic as well for partnering with a foundation that pledges to donate 3 mosquito nets for every 3 pointer he makes in areas of Africa where mosquitoes are dangers. So scary to think that such small things can kill people!
 Sad Nike of all companies were so unprepared for that meeting with a high caliber player like Curry. But he's better off with Under Armor, in my opinion anyway. That makes me lose a lot of respect for Nike!
 Well its worse for fooball players since most of them end up with brain damage so its harder to find a job that way
 You know they lost to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2016 finals.
 Mine do too. My 7 year old acts like he is too cool for it but I catch him watching it all the time. My daughter loves her some Jojo. The WORST!
 Yeah, the possibility of finding another inhabitable planet seems slim. We really should try to make do with this one.
 I too believe the fine is a bit outrageous. I also find it appalling that Oscar Wilde was convicted of being a Homosexual practicing sodomy. I believe that two years in prison was  a bit excessive for something so widely accepted today.
 Im not sure what to make out of that, seems like he was delusional in the end, 
 Did you hear about actor Anton Yelchin getting ran over by his own Jeep Grand Cherokee?
 Yes and they reached a an undisclosed settlement with Chrysler. It went into his foundation. 
 Yes there was a recall.  I think he probably liked the fact that the first space shuttle was named the "Enterprise". 
 I remember see it when I was a kid.  I found it sad more than horrifying  .
 I used to live in DC, you'd think I'd know.  I don't really know about these murals that people mention.
 Sorry, I don't know above that details.
 I didn't know that.  Changing topics a little, I saw that over 80% of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.
 Isn't that heartbreaking? Especially when you consider only 30% of Earth's surface is actually land mass.
 Probably. More than 80% of the Earth's natural forests have been destroyed.
 Game changer, the Department of Justice due to antitrust laws is forcing disney to sell.  I would think Amazon is a bad choice to the Department as well!
 Then they end up in some rescue zoo.  Shame. When will we learn... Maybe machine learning is the answer?
 Yes 71% Covered Water
 unfortunately, 80% of our forests have been destroyed
 I've gotten rid of most my cd's unfortunately, I do miss the old audio tape albums though
 Yes that is really sad. I also worried that Earth will run out of helium by the end of the 21st century, I don't know what we'll use to blow up our Balloons with haha, but seriously it is used for manufacturing computer parts
 Yeah, as a writer, I can believe it. You spend a lot of time on your craft, and then you have to sell a lot just to break even. It seems like writing costs me more than I make.
 No kidding. We need to be careful who we idolize in this country. Dangerous stuff.
 I only watch super girl on the cross overs and I do agree that Arrow and Flash have gotten a little dark. I feel like this is usually the signal of the end because they do not know how to go deeper with it.
 He's the pitch man that had the beard. He would pitch the boat with the screen door on the bottom.
 Hey, I heard about that!  I think it was based off the success of their album Hybrid Theory which was the biggest best seller that year.  Wish I had gotten to see them in concert!  Pity about Chester Bennington though... :( 
 Yeah. I feel like our coin game is weak! We should step that game up!
 Tupac's music is classic. I think he influenced the entire rap world. It's a shame we won't hear more from him!
 Did you know that more than 80% of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed? I find that really sad.
 that is terrible, considering how beautiful is the earth and how much abundance of water it has, about 71% of the earth is covered with water.
 80% That is sad, soon we wont have any tress, do you ever wonder about the dinosaurs? crazy how they used to live in our planet
 Yeah I remember reading about that, so sad.  I heard 15 people died. 
 Yea, it involved the Humboldt Broncos team, it was horrible
 Yeah my prayers go out to all of their families, such a tragic incident. 
 Yea, it has affected a lot of people in the NHL like Capitals Coach Barry Trotz who played Junior Hockey a while back
 And it sounds like those boys were from small towns were everyone is really close and knows each other, so sad. 
 Yea, a lot of the players were from small towns around Western Canada
 Yea, that reminds of that horrible tragedy where that bus crashed with a junior hockey team on board.  That was such a sad story, and I know it affected a lot of Canadians since hockey is so important to many of them.  But it became more than just a hockey story.
 Yea damn that's a tragedy.  I can't imagine... seems like it brought a lot of people together in the grieving process.  If it's one of the national sports in Canada, I'm sure it touched many people.  I had no idea the other national sport is lacrosse, though.  
 Too bad, he sure contributed a lot to culture, his music is in the library of congress, really sad
 The damage 7.6 billion humans can do is sad.
 My apologies, I meant 2011! That was a typo I didn't catch! But it is crazy that it took that long , isn't it? Meanwhile, here on earth, over 80% of our natural forests have been destroyed. That's very upsetting to me!
 That sucks, only 29% of earth is land and most of the forests are gone
 I used to but am too old and chlostrophobic (sp?).
 Oh no!!! I went back in 2008 0r 06 and we took a bus. It was so much fun until we parked next to another bus, filled with high schoolers and frat boys. I did make friends quickly though. The HSers were asking for a stern talking to though.
 Scott Stapp got stupid drunk back stage, did 15 minutes of music (poorly), passed out on stage and then called it performance art. 
 So sad. I think he has four children's.
 I like reading, never have the time though.  I could goes through books in day in the past, now it takes weeks.
 yea at least you have an excuse! that sounds rough, thats my biggest fear when im playing sports
 The idea that the executive would send her notes of discouragement is heartbreaking. And that they would discourage "queer representation" as a subject matter, I think is poor leadership or management on their part.
 Very true. When she stated how hurtful the message that "bixesuality" was wrong is something she learned from watching the media as a kid, should have alerted the executives.
 but NBA players are the highest paid professional athletes. Yes their careers are short but once they start making real money they really should use a small portion to hire someone to manage their finances. 
 If they are lucky. The NFL is even worse though 78% of NFL players either go bankrupt or are under financial stress just 2 years after retirement.
 Really I don
 Sad how she was in a shooting and then emerged after that, I imagine that is a traumatizing event for anyone. 
 It would be terrifying. I think that she is making a good statement but I hope that she can listen as well as raise awareness. So many of these young activists don't know the laws already on the books and how they aren't being enforced so they call for laws that already exist and it diminishes their message. 
 I remember being really upset when I watched it with my parents. I do not think they knew that was coming when we watched it. I was a wreck!
 Many of the natives also died of small pox.  Apparently, all of the Australian political parties still want to celebrate this day.
 I'm sure they didn't. There's a big difference between Walmart and Amazon, though they are both hitting sales pretty hard. Amazon has a contract with the post office to deliver on Sunday. But the few times I've had one coming on Sunday, it didn't actually arrive until Monday.
 I haven't enjoyed it as much lately! I find that there are too many distractions and it bothers me.
 Well, that is the great thing about local theater... you don't have such big budgets and therefore expectations! Solo shows are quite cheap and venues don't need to be remarkable! Obviously revenue is always important still!
 it was such a big drop off.  I do not know if this industry will survive in the near future
 Well, time are changing and it was worse in the past.  James Wong Howe was an Oscar winning Chinese American cinematographer who did not become an American citizen till 1943 and and his marriage to a white woman was illegal until 1948 because of racial statutes.  I glad those days have been largely eliminated.
 I love linkin park Sad about chester though
 That would be terrible so which model do you like better the S, X or 3 model?
 I think he is brilliant but has made some serious missteps. 
 That makes sense. I feel bad for the artist who never make it and are so talented. Or they make it after they die.
 It's definitely an extreme case, but sadly even kids who are inoculated could catch a different strain of the flu.
 At least there are some funny conversations and interested discussions, but not nearly enough.
 I use them both quite a bit.  Psy's gangnam style got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 A blessing to who?  I fear our knowledge about vikings is now mostly from TV shows.  No blessing that.
 I'm somewhat familiar with that site but I never frequented it myself. I sort of miss the days where there were more websites as opposed to a lot of sites that seem to aggregate content.
 The one downside to the internet is some of the anonymity and crime that can be harmful
 Great question. Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 - 3 months of having it surgically shortened.
 Yeah, really.  Wouldn't that be nice.  I believe it goes back to Biblical times when Adam gave a rib to Eve.  What are your thoughts?
 Haha, yeah really.  I think of Thanksgiving. 
 Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company.
 This is terrible timing but I had to put her down last night. So the answer is no... I would not however, buy her high fashion.
 Yeah. This is the 3rd dog I have had to put down and surprisingly, this was the easiest, but it was not easy if that makes sense... My first dog was so tough I had to take 3 days off of work. 
 Me too! As a father of a 5 & 7 year old, it kind of made me sad...
 I thought that post-vietnam war was not a friendly place for the US solider so McDonalds made a drive thru for them. They still wanted their money, just not the headaches...
 I am 40 too and just do not have the bandwidth to do what he does. My days are filled with being a father and work. I wouldn't have the time to visit the white house and talk...
 He was forecasting.... He also thinks that AIDs is man made.
 I cry when I see the internet being used to shame anything or anyone.  How could that be useful?
 Both. I think I am more worried about the pollution but I also have seen the grass we do have get killed and grow back with weeds so it's tough to throw good money at a seasonal issue.
 I hear you.  Do you do something different for your front yard versus back yard?  We have a decent front yard, but a rocky back yard.  "curb appeal"
 Yeah, we get a lot of deer, saw around 30 last night. They bring a fun aspect for my kids but they also killed a pine by rubbing up against it.
 I do not hunt. I am not a huge fan of blood so Im pretty wimpy. 
 It makes me think of the Tide Pod challenge, it seems like some people will do anything that they see on the Internet
 Yes, it was such sad news about Anthony Bourdain.  I definitely enjoyed his shows.  My favorite cooking/ travel shows really get into the culture of different cuisines in an authentic way.  Who are your favorite celebrity chefs?
 That is insane and depressing. You can't be poor and travel that country, obviously. Wonder how King Kalakaua would have felt if he had to pay that much when he traveled through Japan while traveling the world. The first king to travel the world, in fact. 
 So tremendously sad to hear that. The earth is over 4.5 billion years old and we've destroyed a big part of its belongings. And sadly, we depend on its natural resources and biosphere to survive. All 7.6 billion of us.
 And what's shocking is if you like at Earth's whole history as 24 hours, humans have only been around for about a minute, we've done so much damage in such little time.
 Me too.  The bridges connect habitats and keep the animals from being hit by cars.  Such a good thing that they do need to be constructed here.
 edgar only recieved 9$ for the publiction of the poem. It was so sad he was entitled to get much more 
 I am sure Myspace owners were very regretful.
 I didn't know that either, actually! I wouldn't mind reading that sometimes. Since we're on the subject of the internet, I can't believe astronauts on the international space station have faster internet speeds than the majority of us here in the US do. That's just sad!
 I still have my gameboy and play tetris on it. I'm sad they discontinued it in 2003 in Japan. The end of an era.
 oh wow, the author wrote an alternative ending to the series.  
 I doubt Facebook is the place to decide on something like a constitution.  Most comments on Facebook are negative at least in my limited experience.  When I worked in S.F. I used to walk by the last Myspace office on second street.  Usually pretty empty.  Weird how they couldn't buy Facebook.
 Yeah, but how do you provide evidence for a bad concert? Or maybe they just wanted to extort some money from the band. Yes, I like Linkin Park, especially sad to hear Chester passed. Do You?
 There has been the same concerns about interference in elections, such as with the Irish referendum.
 Pretty much the same as here, allowing its platform to spread false information and affect political debate.
 I believe it was a constitution referendum, American agencies were trying to influence opinion there.  The Irish didn't like these groups trying to influence their constitution.
 I'm not sure I have enough to unfriend, I have an account but barely use it.  Facebook makes people unsocial so I avoid it.
 I dislike that Facebook share information with so many, even of people that don't have accounts, sometimes personal stuff.
 I suppose so, but that does not make it right.  They need to be up front about what they are selling.  Mr Zuckerburg probably has enough cash now.
 I agree. I teach and the kids need the stimulant. Everytime there is a break, they are on their devices.
 Me neither!I am pretty fearful of the bullying they might get or give. Kids can be so mean!
 Basketball has been hard for me to get into lately because the Suns are a dumpster fire...
 I feel bad for people in Mainland China, Syria, North Korea, and Crimea. They'd probably like being able to watch Netflix, too?
 I like water, Did you know that more than 80% of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed?  It's so sad!
 This is a great article. I mean, you kinda knew as a kid watching them, but this is pretty cool to read.
 we are outnumbered by automated software programs
 Agreed.  Especially with how violent and hateful our current culture is, I feel the violent/degrading lyrics only help produce hateful emotion in people.  I appreciate the talent of rappers that can produce quality music without tons of swearing or using digitized auto-tuning.
 Right, people seemed to have much more humility back then and were much more respectful.  I feel like a big contributor to the aggressive/violent culture is the anonymity of social media.  Anyone can say anything behind the shadow of a computer screen and it creates a lot of vitriol.  How long ago did rap become first introduced into our society?
 Agreed.  Crime is also a big deal here in St. Louis.  Unfortunately it makes people think twice before spending time downtown, especially late at night.  I've had friends get their cars broken into while attending Cardinals games and also get harassed by "bad guys" late at night too.  It's just hard to argue actually spending money to go to the ballpark and watch a game when you have to worry about all that.  Watching baseball for free at home sounds pretty good.
 It makes me feel bad about myself when I get it. I usually shut down the tv when I see it. I mean if the TV thinks I am watching tv too much, I should llisten.
 They made a serious, ilke $1.925B, mistake!
 I heard that girls are now allowed in the scouts. Robotics in the Boy Scouts is surprising to me. I thought that the scouts were mainly centered around bush craft and nature awareness.
 Haha I agree! Unfortunate that 80% of our natural forests have been destroyed.
 No, I did not know that. Poor dogs though, as I don't think they have much say in the matter.
 Willie McCovey ripped a pitch in 1962 to almost beat the Yankees, too bad they caught it.  
 It seems unfortunate, a man lived his entire life with the memory of such a small mistake.
 Jazz hasn't been recognized that long as a legit musical form. Not since the 1920s. Not mainstream enough...
 Yes I like jazz music. I was sad that Coco Schumann died, he was a great jazz guitarist
 We are more linked as a society than any other time in history but it seems like social media is only dividing us more and more. 
 She didn't make the connection until she read a 1999 teen people profile of Jay-z.
 He was probably hungry.
 They made impacts in each others lives and he gives her a lot of credit, although she doesn't think she deserves it.
 He does alot for impoverished kids.
 His subsequent albums were also seen as great praise.
 I wasn't able to, sadly. I guess I'm part of the reason why the women's world cup had higher TV ratings in the US than the world series did.
 I did, actually! I heard he was caught stealing to end game 7 and his team was only down by one run. That had to have been so disappointing!
 Indeed Canada is very nice! I personally think the entire planet would be nice if over 80% of the natural forests hadn't been destroyed. That's so heartbreaking! Well it was nice chatting with you as well! Hope you have a great day, friend!
 She's the author of "For Colored Girls". Sadly, she disappeared for a bit due to decades of physical and mental health challenges.
 I can't dance at all but he was always very agile. I feel bad for ballet dancers. They go through 4 pairs of ballet shoes a week. I would imagine they have a lot of issues with their feet later in life. 
 Yea, it's also quite unfortunate he quoted Harriet Tubman
 Haha yeah it's not like he was so hungry and only stole food! What a strange list of items to steal! A vacuum, condoms and instant oatmeal!? It's pretty sad actually! Yet KI still find it a little funny when I think of his "shopping list". ha!
 Wonder how long he was doing it before he got caught? They say he also tried to boost an XBox system.  I don't know, it's just a crazy situation all around..
 Contant novelty from clicking links is a real addiction measurable in the brain. Scary. I kind of miss the olden days.
 Yeah, I may be one of those slackers.
 I'm pretty sure there are already snakes on Facebook, snakes might be a little too polite.
 I hear Jazz is topping the charts there.  I always feel I should like jazz, I think the problem is that my dad played it all the time, and we rebel against our parent tastes.
 What? That is crazy!   Do you like Robots?
 It's sad, bit over 80% of Earth's natural forests have been destroyed already.
 Definitely! I can't believe it was discontinued in 2003. It feels like just yesterday.
 Yeah, I heard the critics were harsh with the movie, calling it the worse movie of the year.
 It is sad that we stereotype presidents into certain looks.
 Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry. Imagine how insignificant you would feel if you heard THOSE two mocking your work...
 Really! My lips move and I read slow. Ender's game was suggested reading for many military organizations, including the united states marine corps
 I like dogs but I am allergic
 being allergic to both i would be able to work with either
 no it would not work for me at that place. I am a fan of google too
 Yes exactly no nintendo for them. I was sad when the NES was officially discontinued in 2003 in Japan!
 I highly doubt it. I haven't had much faith in the governement as of recently.
 Going back to the Greeks, it seems they had a point about the lottery for serving the public. There's something pathological about someone saying "I want to be your leader."
 I must admit that it was only like three years ago that I discovered that the little arrow on your gas gauge represents what side of your car the tank is on. I felt really dumb for never noticing. 
 Me either! I am glad we are on the same page. Unlike Stephen King!
 I might agree that that movie was a horror film. I cried for days after seeing it!
 That is pretty sad. If only he knew how popular his poem still was.
 I love to read. I think society needs to recapture a love of reading. We are missing out on some great books. 
 That just guts me. Books should never be censored. I might not agree with some books but the creative process is something that should be revered not stifled. 
 I believe he was crazy as well, he had several mental problems kind of sad, I think he made a lot of bad choices not sure about the child molestion charges against him though, they dont seem right
 Not very much, I am in Canada, far from Toronto, so we don't even get the team's highlight in the news. 
 I never had any.  Could never afford them sadly.
 I cried when I first saw it. I do not think my parents knew the mom died (spoiler alert!). I think they felt bad.
 Yeah. It's valued at like $2B! That's a lot of money. Such a mistake!
 I know!  He was a class act all the way around.  I was sad to see him retire.
 I think it is an awesome idea though I think the stray problem needs to be addressed so there aren't too many stray dogs roaming the street. I think catching dogs and fixing them, then putting them up for adoption or releasing them would be good.
 I know basketball about as well as Drake.  I know the main detail, teams and famous players, but I can't go beyond that.  I live near Cleveland, so I've very aware of LeBron, and that the Cavaliers suck now.
 People are living in fear of things often they don't have to
 That is so awesome.  I feel bad for stray dogs.
 The Punisher was a great show, too bad its getting canceled or at least Daredevil, Iron Fist and Luke Cage are
 Yes that was awful!
 This is sad.. More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 It's a shame Jim Carrey won't make dramas anymore.
 Very much so.  Sometimes going as far as purposefully misrepresenting information in order to lead people to an incorrect conclusion.   It's theater and not news.
 I totally agree there. And the fact that he wants to stop food stamps and do an apron meal type of program is weird. It would cost more that way
 It does, the world of music lost a lot that day, he had a unique voice I guess the life of an artist can be lonely as well
 That is really cool. It does make me sad that 80% of Earth's forrests have been destroyed, I hope that we can reverse that someday
 Sad. I always worry about getting hit by an asteroid but we will probably destroy ourselves before that happens. Jupiter says earth from many asteroids that head towards it.
 I hope that person has other duties in the meantime before that happens. Haha. Speaking of outer space, you could fit all the planets in between earth and the moon and you would still have room after that to spare.
 That is sad. No more helium balloons?
 No they don't!  i believe they closed down a few years ago.  Sad :(
 That is amazing.  Sadly more than 80 percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed.
 It can also help them to get essential skills to help them find and maintain work after they are released.
 I understand the regulations that rule out books that might facilitate criminal activity, when it comes to book that tells readers how to make weapons, to escape prison, or to incite riots. Other than that, it doesn't make sense.
 I used to like the white stripes. Everyone raved about Jack White and his then wife meg but I never was that into them but wanted to because they seemed to be trendy.
 I bet. It's a shame he went out the way he did. Such a sad day for comedy.
 It really was. I just watched Bird Cage last night, he was so good. Well it was great chatting with you this morning.
 Thats really sad, 60% wow, they must have poor financial advisors, so sad
 Well, I guess I fall into the 93% that does not. What about you? Do you read them?
 Yeah well celebrities have tough lives, might seem easy with all the money but sometimes they live lonely lives, do you remember Robin Williams I still cant believe he took his own life
 Seems dangerous and vain... But I am not sure I could pick her out of a line up so that is just my naivet...
 That is very cool. The Ramones toured for over 20 years. I am bummed I missed those 20 years.
 Me too. Even CBGB's no longer exists anymore. I did at least go there when it was still a bar but didn't see anyone play there.
 Sadly Linkin Park is another band I never got around to seeing. I always thought there would be more time. 
 Hi do you like comic books?
 He ended them that way, he died last year, but interesting way of ending a call.
 Sorry to hear that. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
 I can believe it, I think a lot of people are addicted to social media.
 I'm sad to say that I am not in the 7 percent that do, I should probably start paying more attention.
 It was a shame that their lead singer passed away. They had a unique style.
 I agree. He was very good. I was sad when that happened. 
 My boy Stark rip lol
 Yes. I think it's one reason they have to keep moving, and they can't live long if they get beached.
 absolutely. It is destroying some families.
 That article is sad. So many people hide these sorts of problems, and never resolve them.
 I know. I feel the same way. I don't read as much as I should. I am usually just Googling random facts! Woops, maybe I should stop supporting them.
 I do like to read, when I get a chance.  Seems lately that I don't have enough time to read what I want.
 I think I had more interest when I lived in DC, when I was there was when they got the Nationals started up, it was all new and exciting.  When I moved away I lost touch somewhat.
 Maybe that why the game seems unfair, once you have enough money, nobody cans stop you. 
 Don't say that, if he's in his old age at 32 it makes me feel ancient.
 And he still got bad publicity for that one. I think there are haters taht are just gonna complain regardless of your actions
 That's quite the returnon investment for him. Not a great deal for Reebok though He's out of basketball and isn't getting good publicity when he is in the news.
 I know Rick berry used to shot like that and now his son shoots like that too. He is in college or just graduated. I would be a little embarrrassed to shoot like that...
 No... I think professional athletes can often misguided and spend millions on stuff. I hope they do better.
 I could be. Unfortunately today there is a lot of controversy because many issues like the sexual abuse accusations, that is pretty sad.
 They better!! Many obstacles had to be overcome , for example rascisim, that a chinese named James Wong had to endure
 He was a cinematographer who won an oscar and he was a pioneer on things like wide angle lensses,  low key lighting, crab dolly and more, he was a genious but even his marriage was considered illegal
 Oh wow that is terrible. I can't believe that people used to think of their fellow man like that. Someone's worth should be based on their merits and talents not on skin color. 
 Now Lebron is gone the jerseys are not as popular as they once were.
 He certainly broke the hearts of Cavs fans a few times. 
 As someone from Ohio I've learned to bet against them.  They have struck on a winning formula, mainly by having the best players.
 Have a pen or pencil handy?  How many times I had to thread it back through.  Now it's so convenient with MP3s.  I wouldn't trade it, but I miss going to the record shop.
 Yea the Warriors are amazing, it's a shame they are leaving Oakland for San Francisco
 Nice. Not everyone gets as lucky as Lebron. NBA legend Spencer Haywood chose a $100000 payment over a 10 percent stake in Nike 30 years ago. He would have had 8.62 billion if he had taken the stake instead.
 Im from Chicago so I watch the bulls. It's been a bad season!
 I do not. I have never owned them. Never had the money for that level of shoe.
 Jesus Christ... I will never see money like that... pretty depressing :) I'm going to start practicing basketball starting NOW ;) lol
 Hopefully they'll get back on track, for their sake.  It's funny... so many NBA stars end up in debt shortly after they retire.  I guess they get used to having all that endorsement money and forget to budget carefully... 
 I do! Although I'm trying to cut down, you can actually get addicted to clicking links on the Internet.
 I'll use the box office if I have to, so much easier with online now though.  I guess it didn't work at the Kennedy Center.
 We could be signing our lives away for all we know!
 Yeah I think I have an addiction to clicking on internet links. It's a real addiction.
 That is reassuring as well, haha! With all the clicking I do I admit I get too bored when reading terms and conditions when I have to.
 I don't know too much about it, but I was just reading about the sad story of Carrie Underwood, with all those miscarriages.
 Yes, have never heard about somebody with that missfortune. But I am reading that she was mad at God and she told Him, and it seems that He listened at her. Perhaps we are always afraid to make Him mad and not tell Him what is going on with us?
 Oh, wonderful, thank you for telling me. I was reading that the country music was called Hillbilly, that is so funny, the only country singer I like is John Denver, RIP.
 Did you hear about Carrier Underwood?  She had multiple miscarriages.  Very sad.
 Yea that is terrible.  I have heard she needed 40-50 stitches.
 Classic music stands the test of time. So much crossover now. To think that a huge band like Aerosmith can make more money in a video game ( Guitar Hero) than any album? Toys in the Attic is still one of my favs.
 It is sad to think that more than 80 percent of the earth's forests have already been destroyed. 
 I can imagine....And it is sad because no one chooses where they want to be born.
 ha ha ha. You certainly did. I once stayed in Dubai for a year and you were not free to wear clothing such as shorts. Buying alcohol was like buying drugs, if caught, you were headed to jail....OMG
 So do I, although I do not spend much time watching it every day. I have to agree with you, many people are addicted to video games but a lot are also addicted to netflix.
 i wasnt aware of that. i never read the comic.
 She suffered from abuse and extreme poverty as a child and young woman.
 Shania Twain has been married at least twice.    Her first divorce was covered extensively by the tabloids.
 I did not know that she had Lyme disease. That's an awful thing to get. I heard about a messy divorce with a husband that cheated on her. 
 That's pretty neat. It's unfortunate Henry Ford helped popularized country music due to his fear of jazz
 yeah, country music genre was the most listened to rush hour radio during the evening commute in 2009
 Another shooting at Walmart....so sad to see these things happening
 Yes, they are top notch.  Levi made bing crosby a denim tuxedo after he was turned away from a hotel for wearing jeans
 My cousin got lyme disease from a tick.  She was really sick for a while.
 I miss having a lot of book stores nearby. They seemed to close down with the rising popularity of Amazon.
 It seems like streaming services don't carry a lot of old movies anymore,  it makes it hard to find them sometimes.
 I'm always nervous to see a movie about dogs. I think those would possibly make me the most sad out of any kind of movies.
 The commercials really let me down this year, a lot of them were very forgettable. It seems like there aren't as many funny ones as in the past.
 I try to, the games are often very expensive.
 I totally agree plus I already paid for the food and drinks there.
 I too find electricity interesting. I was sad to hear of the death of Frances L. Lloyd, she was a scientist who helped come up with the concept of the volt.
 One more interesting fact:  Some birds in Australia can mimic the sound of car alarms, chainsaws, etc.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 Your words are hard for me to swallow. I am a black swallower fish and I can eat prey twice my length and 10 times my weight, but your sad news may be too much for me to take in one bite. So you are human?
 We are not so different. 84% of genes known to be associated with disease have counterparts in some fish species. Not that all fish are equal...
 No I can not. I have to drink water through my mouth. So bland. But, us humans have created a plethora of delicious flavorings to add to our water to make it more pleasant. Do fish even have taste buds?
 Yes, sorry. I get so excited about the sport I lose track!
 Sad but the child would go thirsty at my house with all my teenagers.
 I had no idea. To be honest, I do not know what the pharse means so I cannot translate it...
 He must have at some point!  Sad what happened to him.  Some people have trouble dealing with fame and some people like an Ethiopian chef (encouraging people to combat hunger by eating more different foods) use their fame to try and make the world a better place.
 When I was a kid I had a lot, some of it might have been worth something now but my dad threw it all out when I moved out.
 He had a more proactive response than me.  When I saw Star Wars all I did was buy another ticket to see it again.  I guess I just don't have the right attitude.
 Yeah I have always wanted to see the Cherry Blossoms. I love traveling but don't go as often as I like.
 I've never been one much for dancing, I avoid the dance floor at all costs, I wish I could though.
 I grew up in England and never played.  I got dragged to a game somewhere in downtown DC once and made  complete fool of myself.
 I'm 6'4", everyone thought I was going to be great, until I got the ball that is.  I think my height is a disadvantage with the dancing too.
 Yeah. The current champion is France. I wish the world cup was played more frequently than once every 4 years.
 It's sad that it took them so long to do that. 
 Yeah true. My favorite was Chapelle's show. So funny. But like you said, that channel has cancelled over 100 shows. 
 Yeah I like bill Nye but his netflix show really is not that great.
 I have never been a fan of the reality genre as well.
 It's like the Oscars, there are so many times when you look back on the winners and think there were better, more entertaining movies out there.  
 It is too bad jack black didn't star in the green lantern. Was hoping for a good green lantern film
 I was not a fan of the Ryan Reynolds version. I was never into DC superheroes growing up.
 Honestly, I don't really follow the ceremonies like the golden globe, but hearing it now ya its a shame
 I think we are missing that in entertainment nowdays. It is all about the new flashy thing that is going to keep someone's attention. 
 I have never heard of him before, sadly I do not know many modern playwrights.
 I've seen 2 out of the 4.  Aaron's daughter has a thing for The Incredibles 2 movie.  Sad that she's sensitive to gluten.  
 I'm forever chasing my son away from his game console.  It's not Nintendo anymore, now its Xbox.
 The thing is that now you don't have to wait for anything.  I remember when there were comedy movies out that I'd want to see at home, you'd have to wait, it seemed, years before they were broadcast.
 I remember that and was upset because Friends should have won.
 It makes me sad that they discontinued it so many years ago. The new ones with the preloaded games just don't seem the same. 
 Probably not. Xbox sort of took over the field when it came to graphics back then. 
 Hey did you watch the movie about Stephen Hawking? It was tragic to have him eventually pass away.
 In my opinion he is the most brilliant mind ever to be born, sad, a real tragedy we have lost a lot
 Yes I agree with you there. His ashes were buried but he will never be forgotten!
 They really are. Yes and over 1000 people attended his memorial service. Very nice send off.
 Haha me as well! Unfortunately though more than 80% of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed...
 Yeah so many foods contain gluten.  It probably helps a lot that Posner's wife is a vegetarian and knows how to cook
 Could be... Rejection is a part of life.  Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since it began in 1989.
 It's so-so.  Seems like it was better when it came out.  Thanks for the chat!
 Hard to believe it has been 16 years since they discontinued making them. They have those new ones with the games already in them but it just isn't the same. 
 It's not as good.  Yeah they have cancelled over 100 shows since 1989.
 I hope they didn't bred them for fighting because that is cruel but I bet they did. Of course, I don't eat them for food either! Did you play Ninendo for fun or some other kind of video game system? It was so limited at first with only 54 colors!
 thats sad, they shouldnt force animals to fight like that!
 Yeah. I like other forms of entertainment too. I used to love the original Nintendo and it was finally discontinued in 2003 in Japan.
 Yes, I love dogs, I was especially sad to read about Piper, the collie who died because of cancer and she worked at one of the airports to chase critters off runway.
 I'm kind of sad to be honest. Hearing that a dog died really ruined my mood.
 I know, right! I just put my dog down like 2 weeks ago! Nothing brings tears to my eyes quicker than a dying dog. And if they are a guide or helper dog... lord!
 Yeah, poor Piper. I hope they gave him a memorial like they did for those Russian research dogs.
 Me too. I also get sad when military dogs die. So sad.
 They had to have been crushed. I know working dogs get so much love. I had a st bernard and she was such a good working dog.
 In her teens, yes. She was a sled dog that did a lot of work when I would cut down trees. The last 2 years were really sad. She just laid around a lot.]
 That's tough. Did she suffer from cancer? I can't imagine how much pain any dog that has cancer goes through.
 No, just old age and arthritis, which made moving around tough. We were blessed with 10 years. Most St Bernards only get 7-8.]
 It was sad.  I hope people will stop destroying natural forests.  It was nice chatting with you too!
 I liked Taylor swift's music when she first came out. Then she started to get more into pop.
 Yeah. It seems like there are cultural differences between us, like all countries, but that seems really different. Wish we had that level of trust...
 I agree. I remember when going to church was that place and now people fear for their lives going to places of what should be comfort and serenity. 
 Yeah. Those church shooting brought tears to my eyes. Supposed to be a place of safety and worship and that happens. Made me think about the safety of my two little ones.
 Yes, it is so sad. My friend stated once that it's not a matter of if it will happen, its just matter of when... meaning we're all just waiting for it to be our turn. Scary.
 New Republican, unfortunately.
 Thats really disappointing that they cannot enjoy it. Whats your favorite Tom Hanks movie?
 Did you watch him in Saving Mr. Banks, the Walt Disney story? It was good, but I didn't think it was one of his better movies.
 Great chatting I must run!
 Through his actual playing, or he put a flame to them?  I guess if we've learned one thing today it's that musicians are destructive.  Maybe they need a hobby, like astrophysics.
 Thats greatDid you know Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.  Really sad about Chester Bennington.  
 I love and have followed Linkin Park for years I love them and it was very very sad about Chester. I think we lost a great person. I didn't get the chance to see one of their concerts and now I never will.
 Yeah,  definitely one of my regrets also.  His voice is so unique and the band is amazingly talented.  Really good music.  I suppose a lot of musicians suffer from some kind of ailment.  
 We have definitely lost a lot of the great musicians and many suffer from Depression. I will always be a fan. A month before Chris Cornell passed too and that was very sad, I loved his music as well. Have some of his albums on Cd.
 What band is Chris Cornell from?
 Fun fact is that Edgar Allen Poe only received $9 for his poem "The Raven" publication.  That's sad
 At that speed, I don't think I would appreciate any work of literature, whoever recommends it. 
 No you dont.The players are also the best paid in the world.
 Or order it from Amazon...
 It never ends... and I will get worse, they now have low cost products that will invade the world, the AmazonBasics line. 
 I know! It's kind of sad really considering how popular Facebook is and also how MySpace fell off the map. Speaking of Facebook, what I also find sad is the like button is banned over in one of the German states. 
 I used to but I am trying to limit it. I would delete it altogther but I need it for work. Do you use it much?
 No, I am too self conscious. I used to dance when I was a kid though-tap and ballet.
 Yup both legendary!  Just don't buy any of those at Walmart because they only sell clean versions :(
 I don't currently have a Netflix subscription myself. Been meaning to get one when I get some extra money coming in (things are tight financially right now.)  Did you know that with youtube, they make up HALF of the internet traffic in North America?
 Loong story, but suffice to say most of my friends are in another state.   Pity too, cause I've heard a lot about some of their original series... like heard Stranger Things was a really good show.  
 With the clown we have in the white house, who puts his name on everything, I would be embarrassed to put my name on anything these days...
 Well, it's just money is kind of tight right now, even at just $8 a month.  I've heard they got a lot of good original series though...
 I guess nowadays FB is the best place to make such pleas. People pay attention to personal news that doesn't get picked up by the media.
 Is so sad how that girl died, she was barely 16.
 It is terrible on how our future society is, violence and killing.
 I agree, there is a lot of violence and its a vicious circle as her dad also got killed when he was 17.
 I agree, Police should do a better job as the death of Taiyana Aaliyah Thompson is not the only one, there are 16 more in the district
 Yes. So much hatred is displyed in political ads. Most have no truth in them at all or at a minimum just a slice. Began with Nixon and McGovern where the negatives ads helped Nixon win in a landslide.
 True, we seem to have gotten off the path that our founders envisioned.
 Insightful. I agree as Descartes ( I think) said "Absolute power corrupts absolutely". 
 I agree. Today our politicians operate on fear and misdirection and none of them seem to remember why the were elected in the first place.. 
 And hidden agendas within the government. I wonder if the general public will ever really know what takes place behind closed doors.
 Its really dark, not a show for everyone but it gets interesting later on and then kind of addictive and really sad.
 Who knows!    Even in the US, a significant percentage of the black male population in Alabama has permenantly lost the right to vote.
 How good is Judge Judy's agent to make her the second highest celebrity? I can't stand those shows!
 I don't understand why it took people who are sexually assaulted so long to get the support they deserve.
 I agree. We need to suppport them more.
 I agree. I think we need to work towards those ends. They need more.
 Yeah and I think they should not confirm those accused either!
 Agreed. And even if they do come forward, they will be rediculed and threatened.
 I have very little doubt that it was.  Too good to be true that the finalists were dating.  Let's see where they are in a  years time.
 Do these Idol winners make much of an impact now after the show?  Can't say I could name any after the first few years.
 I used to have to do Latin at school, one years worth at least.  I doubt I could remember a single word now, let alone listen to a radio broadcast.
 Not as much as I'd like. I'd like to go to Japan but I guess I wouldn't travel by land as the tolls alone would be $300 to travel across the country.
 I heard that and ironically, as a kid, I felt the same way. I remember the Fox and the Hound was really sad for me, too. I've seen all 3 of the Hostels. The second one was the best. Maybe I like horror because I'm thankful it's not happening to me right now.
 Miss Freddie... Thanks for the great chat!
 Me too, but getting a building named after you for $27.95 is a pretty good deal too. I feel bad for those warehouse workers though, 7-15 miles a day and crappy pay and no insurance until recently. 
 sure because people don't want to watch the news and how messed up the world has become. I enjoy comedy films because the main emphasis is humour and I need a good laugh.
 I did not know that. Glad it worked out for him but I would not recommend it to everybody. Ryan Stiles also dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.
 I believe it was because it featured a black character! Crazy the bigotry that can overrule things, I know George RR Martin doesn't like fan fiction, I wonder why.
 Denis Johnson died, but he sure left a legacy behind, its sad but thats go life goes sometimes
 I have been to South Africa.  Good neighborhoods have walls with constatino wire.  Sorry I can't spell it.
 It did. I think the www is probably used more now then it ever was especially with all the new technology and it takes a lot of people's time which is sad to me.
 yes that was some great moral responsibility. But i would have been happy if they had Robin williams in the movie . not that i disliked the actor who did get cast as hagrid
 sad that he sold it . but for a huge lump 
 Now I do, but in the 90's everyone said that was how you got them to work. Speaking of old technology, I was really sad to see yesterday that NASA has ended Opportunity's mission on Mars.
 Can they burp in zero-gravity? We cannot... 
 No, I go to the gym 7 days a week and I cannot run at all. I can bike for hours but when I get on a treadmill, I am useless!
 Oh, that is interesting, Jupiter is special, no man will be able to visit this planet  because of its radiation. 
 It is kind of sad that it will take almost 1000 years  to get a response from them if we send them a message. 
 I agree!  He was iconic, he was such a great leader.  I am really sad how it all turned out.
 I only saw a little bit of that movie, I did not enjoy it at all.
 That's very strange. I'm not sure how the chicken robots work, but unfortunately I've seen some robots on chicken farms that suck chickens in to be butchered.
 Wow, I have never been to a sea before, I saw things about it on TV, only large bodies of clear waters surround me.
 Oh i'm sorry to hear,  thats sad. 
 Thats good,  it was nice talking to u,  have a good one. 
 I am a 40 year old male and feel I have lost all touch of modern music. I am not proud of that but it is reinforced every year I watch the VMAs.
 I wanted a full size horse. A mini pony would be adorable, but they're usually a lot more expensive, and some are forcibly bred to be small for "designer appeal" despite health problems.
 That is so cringe worthy. Why would she do that? It's embarrassing. 
 That's a lot of books! I think I would cry if I'd been there to witness that. I think it's a little sad that Architecture, music, painting, and literature are no longer Olympic events like they were in 1912 through 1952
 Oh, yeah, I'm one of the people who own their CD Hybrid Theory, which I've read is the best selling CD of the 21 century.  I really liked their music.,  It was sad to hear about Chester Bennington though... 
 Yeah, see there are lots of really cool birds. We're currently endangering 1,200 of them though :(
 Yeah it got discontinued in Japan in that year, too bad it was a great console
 True, but that was in part because of his fears over jazz music.
 Thats amazing info!  "5 shot dead at The Capital," read the headline of the article written by 10 journalists on the day five of their colleagues were killed.
 Yeah. If I remember correctly, they didn't miss a paper though...
 Five were shot dead in this horrific attack.  So very sad.
 Yeah. This senseless violence needs to end. It bas become a plague on the country.
 That's a lot of words! I read at like 50 words a minute. I am not a fast reader...
 No, sorry but I also  do not know who he is. Are you a fan of him?
 Well, neither is hitting the ball into a lake, which I have done once on the one occasion that I have played golf.
 Yeah, He called it in the realm of the unreal.  Too bad his genius couldnt be recognized while he was alive.
 That's true! Some winners gamble their money away, too. Sad!
 I didn't know that. It's hard to be mad if he was no longer in love though. So many of those guys cheat on the road so I hope this makes him faithful.
 I dont know why they would want people to unfriend others.
 One of my favorite celebrities was Robin Williams, the voice of Aladdin so sad how things ended for him
 He was an inspiration, I agree, depression is a silent killer, 
 I guess they sometimes don't realize how much we fans actually love them.  A lot better entertainment than watching a cock fight like Caesar enjoyed when he was in Britain way back then.  Should have grilled one!
 I know right! And I understand a lot of British retirees live on the continent and between pension disruptions and banking law changes they could be left in a bad situation.
 And it seems that it's too late to reverse the situation at this point
 They may have an option to rejoin in the future, but at that point the damage will already be done :/ 
 Interesting. Too bad drive thrus have contributed to my laziness. Haha.
 I've heard something similar, very few artists make enough money on it.  That's the problem with the internet, making something so easily available pushes down the prices.  
 Your right, it seem the father was to blame.  Can't really lay blame on a six year old child.  
 I think people love the story and then it takes on a life of it's own, the people originally responsible lose control as it gets bigger and bigger.  I doubt they thought it would become as big as it did.
 Some people will gamble on anything, it has to be an addiction.  I think I'll stick to reading my fantasy novel for entertainment.
 i am catholic
 that makes me sad. they need to be in the wild. Theodore Roosevelt had a pet bear along with over 20 other pets!
 Yes I have read into that in the past because I would not want to support an organization that is mistreating them. I have had a few friends visit sanctuaries after they carefully did their research so I would follow their lead.
 Yes it's something we need to focus on in society. They need to be protected from us sometimes.
 Do you think they both purposefully went the route they did to get famous on purpose?
 You and me are on the same page here.  The whole reality TV thing is scrapping the bottom of the barrel.  Have you heard of the Bad Girls Club show?
 I don't really get what the point of the show was other than to show some women being mean to each other.
 On these shows people just go over the top to get screen time.  They don't really act that way, but everyone has to out do the other and be more shocking.  The more shocking you are the better.
 My understanding is that she acted as an escort, and when the guy died from an overdose she kept his debit cards and used them for her own means after his death.
 Nice. It is good to be a paid actor on a sit com, getting a regular pay check. Hugh Laurie, star of the show, House, pockets a cool $700k per episode. I need a new job...
 He has kind of a sad story though. He was not an American citizen until 1943 and his marriage was illegal until 1948 because he was Chinese and his wife was white.
 Yeah it's horrible. The 15 year old girl will have to spend the rest of her life in prison.
 yeah heard that horrible incident . Cant imagine the torture the girl went through
 I know, that's hard to absorb.  I really feel for that girl.  No one should EVER go through that.  So sick.  How about a new topic?
 The bigger problem is that it also serves as a new idea, or validation, for some adolescents who may be having a rough time.  In the past, resolution of bullying could be a fight.  Now, it can seem acceptable or even expected to bring a gun in to solve a bully situation.
 I have some teacher friends, and the result of the frenzy is that they compound the situation in the schools by forcing active shooter drills.  I remember in elementary, the biggest fear in the fall would be tornadoes.  Not because they ever happened near us, but because we had a monthly tornado drill.
 Me too. It's sad that today's youth have to worry about premature death as much as they do.
 Yes he was the man. The drummer John Bonham was also a legend. It's too bad that he died
 Yes I used to go to a lot of concerts. I always wanted to go to Linkin Park concert but they stopped wearing because the lead singer passed away
 Yes I agree! Jim Carrey also used to make good movies, but he doesn't make dramas anymore, he says it's because they don't promote positivity
 Yes Jim Carrey was in a drama, in fact he was in a bunch of them, he just says that he won't do any more of them now.
 I tend to find that I prefer other genres over dramas.  I sometimes find them emotionally exhausting and not as much fun.
 Sometimes it is difficult to mentor young people who haven't had strong role models before. There are so many types of media that have a negative impact.
 I listen to Christian Rap and Hip Hop, but try to avoid the stuff with lots of language. I respect the art, but wish it could be more wholesome.
 It's a shame that the person who discovered Neptune didn't get to see it complete a full rotation around the sun
 I am in Phoenix, Arizona. It's usually too hot for me, any time of the year.
 More lies...right!
 True. That guy from Kansas City Chiefs who kicked the girl has to miss 8  games. It would seem that he would have been arrested.
 I'd love to get some exercise while working.  That's sounds like a great time saver.  Sadly, Amazon is just my source for spending money.  Considering how much I spend, I'm surprised they're not the largest internet retailer in terms of sales.
 Seattle huh?  Don't think I'd get a lot of sun there. Would miss the bright yellow sunshine.
 I search there every once in a while to find a deal or free books. I have a ton of books in my kindle library but have only read like 10. I kind of feel like a loser not reading a ton.
 I feel bad for them if they don't.  You gotta remember to get lots of water.  It's heatstroke weather for sure.
 Absolutely.  The air is stifling.  That definitely leads to fog in the morning.  I think that's pretty but those lower clouds can cause issues.
 Are you a fan of football? I was watching and Tom Brady kinda flubbed his teams comeback at the end of the game .
 Yes I am.  I guess he did that since they lost last minute to the Eagles.
 Yes, I wish it would be brought back, too.  I feel we wouldn't have as many of these problems with the children we are seeing today.
 It has something to do with the me-too movement. I don't pay attention to that stuff personally, because it's just depressing
 Yeah that had to be depressing for the filmmakers. Only a measly  $309 earned on a massive  $15 million dollar budget. That makes me want to cry just thinking about it. It certainly was the polar opposite of Silence of the Lambs which made over $270 million at the box office!
 Well I won't deny that this one person's actions damaged the integrity of the nobel prize. Shame on him
 It's a shame that the nobel prize for literature wasn't awarded in 2018
 No, but it looks like he died really young! 
 It's too bad because it looks like he was another incredible artist that we lost too soon and drugs were again a major factor
 A little but I could not understand a lot of the hype. I knew he was great and I knew I was looking at greatness, I just couldn't get into it. You?
 Those are nice choices. I wish we had that kind of sound in today's music. I find myself reverting back to older music. I cannot think of a great rock band today outside of like the Foo Fighters.
 Exactly.  I see so many people who are face-deep in social media that they just lose all desire to move and stay healthy.  Plus that, they don't really get the sleep they should.  Too much FOMO, I guess.
 Yes, to the extent that I can be when I can't do the higher math necessary to really get it. You?
 So true. Forecast is only calling for a 5 mph breeze briefly, otherwise people will have to sweat it out.
 I am not sure but it is on the reading list of 5 military branches. Must not be too bad. Althought the movie stunk.
 What a really sad story. Seems like America and dad were just nice people
 Yes, but every single referendum could cost the government millions if not billions. It is just too expensive.
 I have never been to a concert before, not even a Linkin Park concert even though they played 324 concerts from their successful debut album.
 Sure, but not forever. I need info and I have a big family I like to stay connected to. The only downside is that I live in the country and my connection isn't always that great. I just recently learned that number of bars doesn't tend to correlate with connection quality either so my problems are hard to predict.
 That is why I have a landline, I don't have a good reception in my house. But landline phone are so stupid, they don't do as much as an IPhone. 
 Is that doll house still there, I heard they were thinking of removing it?
 I don't live in boulder, colorado but it is not legal to own pets but ok to be its guardian.
 Yes, they are a very old population.  Speaking of Asia, Asia has less tigers in the wild than we have tigers in the US as pets!  Sad.
 Yeah. Can't be too hurried while your life is on the line or it will take too long.
 I think Jar Jar Binx spoled it for a lot of people. I wish the next three were better.
 Do you think that the days have gotten longer with time? Also it makes me sad that Earth will run out of helium in about 100 years or so
 Same, the democrats and the republicans are having so many disagreements, which  is why the government shut down. What do you think about the wall?
 Same here, I do not think that Trump has to build a 5 billion dollar wall just to keep the mexicans out. I do not think that the mexicans are going to steal 5 billion dollars worth of jobs!
 Hi! I love concerts, actually! Although I'm glad I didn't attend that Creed concert back in 2002 that was so godawful, some of the attendees actually filed a lawsuit. That's embarassing. What about you?
 That's cool! I just wish Jim Carrey would make more damas but he refuses since it goes against his belief system that prevents him from acting in films that don't project positivity. That's kind of sad but understandable. Well it was very nice chatting with you as well, friend! Hope you have a great weekend!
 There were also way more natural forests! Now 80% of it has been destroyed.
 And we are going to run out of helium after all that time, now. Sad.
 Oh yeah! The world would be a much better place! Speaking of the world. I recently learned that the Norwegian Government donated 1 Billion dollars to help save the Amazon Rainforest! I wish the US Government would focus way more on the state of the environment!
 I do wish Netflix had some more older movies. I'd like to see more of the Disney classics.
 Yes, that makes sense. They probably do that to save money, just like how Netflix does not have my favorite Disney movies!
 I do not own one as my dad was allergic to them when I was a child. Now, I am slightly afraid to get a dog as I have no clue how to take care of them.
 Yeah, sometimes, I honestly try not too watch too much of ANY news (except local channels) because it tends to be a bit depressing... 
 Yeah, we need to appreciate them more!
 I didnt' like the remake recently on console
 Yeah four of them even filled a lawsuit against the band I heard it was terrible, its a shame because the band used to be good
 We'd just compare our lives to everyone else's and be miserable
 Water is a dwindling resource too though
 Wow, I had not clue. I love that movie and pretended not to cry when I was like 13 when I saw it. I was not successful!
 The defense is trying to paint Salman as unsophisticated.  Sounds sexist to me!
 True, I felt bad for Mattingly.  I think he had to retire because of his back and then the Yankees starting winning championships
 I can remember seeing Bambi and getting upset too!
 Maybe.  I'm so glad a grew up before social media
 Jesus that sounds unhealthy, not gonna lie. 
 I feel kind of bad though, as dogs wouldn't have a choice in the matter.
 Yeah sometimes I feel bad for cows pumping all that milk too for us.  Dogs and elephants are the only animals to understand pointing.
 No ya. but in my age of 8 i have dog. its Name was SPYDY.. very briliant and active dog. in my age of 10 it was dead on accident.. 
 Not really, some people are obsessed though
 true, by the time you see your answer you have moved on
 I guess Tupac is one of the greatest artists ever too bad he died at a young age and in the way he did. 
 Not really, I'm pretty disgusted with Hollyweird right now.  I really do miss Robin Williams. 
 Yeah, they have made many good ones.  I would like to see their secret room but I'm not a celebrity.  
 hello,  how are you feeling in todays America?
 Heard about that thing where people want to load themselves onto memory sticks.  Mine are always corrupted, it would be a shame if that happened to them.
 Wow that's a long time ago. More than 80% of the Earth's forests have been destoyed.
 That's sad.  Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century.  I bet Buck Rodgers didn't see that coming.
 Yeah. I am fearful I would be one of the boring ones. Pretty sure my dates would escape through the bathroom windows. 
 On Unicef's site! You can help donate clean water, sad to think about how some people don't have access to basic needs like clean water!
 It has Christian overtones in that it notes mainstream America leaving Christianity in droves. 
 You know prior to 1963 it was not uncommon for students in the US to be required to read from the bible as part of their Elementary education. We have gotten so far away from that and it shows, badly.
 yeah, I cannot believe it either
 While it could be childish, I like that he can enjoy things and be personable in that way.  Too many US politicians are unrelatable.
 Same, and I'm definitely much more of a basketball fan too! It's sad that both NBA and NFL players tend to go broke after retirement.
 As did I! I think it's kind of sad the Ottoman Empire still existed the last time the Cubs won a series.
 Yep I be really annoyed if I were her, I'd also be annoyed if my husband broke up my marriage with me via text, like how Russell Brand did
 Yeah, he was basically in tears.
 Right, though she is not my favorite I think she definitely deserves it. I also don't think she deserved to have her marriage ended via text.
 Yes I agree with you. Rap used to be somewhere in between speech and singing. Now there's such thing as mumble rap where you cannot even distinguish meaning of the words.
 I did not but that's pretty upsetting. I'm sure there are many talented female cinematographers. 
 That is so true. The Mask for me was hilarious but I feel that he kept acting the same way in others movies and lost versatility. 
 That is true, are you interested on environmental issues? Do you know that 80 percent of natural forest have been already destroyed?
 I am very interested. I did not know that. I find that to be very sad. Trees are a renewable resource so we should really make sure we are planting more to make up for some of that. 
 I am like just about everyone else, I do not read them, or understand them if I do.
 I'm not a smart one, I'll probably stick to my habits until I too get burned.
 Now that you read everything you'll probably save money in the long term, look on it as an educational expense.
 The Government could shut them down but another service would appear, or they just reappear themselves in a different form.  the government should focus on not shutting down itself every now and then.
 That's pretty cool. Sad to have him go out the way he did. I always liked him.
 Fun at times.  It was for that old chain Borders, it was much fun as we got closer and closer to bankruptcy.  I typically bounce from fiction to non-fiction depending on my mood.
 That is a taboo thing to do, usually associated with bad people and bad countries, a shame that the FDA would do it.
 I'll have to find that one.  I'm not sure the one that broadcasts in Latin is to my taste.  Did Latin for a year in school, can't recall a single word.
 I remember the modern rock channels being like that.  You could switch on the car and guess what was coming on.  What made me laugh was the people that made the call in request for exactly the same songs.
 Yes I can imagine. I think it's funny how Facebook is probably responsible for about a third of all divorce filings, that's kind of sad
 That is unfortunate since I believe the banned person was actually older than justin bieber so technically, justin bieber is using the banned man's name
 I dont really know his work,  except he was on soundgarden.  Seeems like a lot of musicians suffer from some sort of ailment. 
 At least he revolutionized things. Sad though that no woman has ever been nominated for an academy award in cinematography. I think there is a lot of potential there.
 that is truly an issue . we really have to work to fix such issues
 Yes both are great movies! One thing that i did find odd in my study is no woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography. I wonder why this is?
 I tried to watch some of the Netflix documentary about it but it was a bit too crazy for me.
 Right! I certainly miss him and his contribution to film and acting! Truly an original.
 I know a few players are just wrecked with daily pain, especially football players and tall basketball players. Knees are always hurt.
 Yes, love and money don't mix well.  How on earth did their album "Rumours" get finished with all of the relationship roller-coaster going on?
 "We played through the hurt".  I've had bad days at work where a sour relationship just colors everything black.  I can't imagine having to play music with any sort of genuine emotion.
 True.  I'm not sure I could pull that off.  I don't know what happened to all my albums.  I once owned "Rumors". I don't even have a turntable now. 
 That's too bad, he has some pretty good drama roles
 too bad they still don't release albums on audio tapes
 Yes, I have. I like stand up better than improv as I am always nervous that the improv actor won't come up with anything funny. 
 I'm afraid. There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey
 It's depressing it's going down.  I guess it didn't plan well.
 Yeah, too much competition with online stores like amazon
 It was its leveraged buyout that made the problem  Also, the financial crises that ensues which they didn't foresee.  Too bad.
 Good evening.  I was driving around recently and went by a store my kids used to love Toys R Us, but it was going out of business.  :(
 I remember shopping there. It really was a magic place.
 It's very sad. I remember going to that store a lot in the 80s when I was a kid, a lot of toy companies are going down though, like Hasbros stock is down 2%
 Yes I guess that toys are still selling, it's just that Toys R Us had bad planning and also some bad luck
 Yeah I can't imagine what it would be like to be in that situation.
 He is free to think what he wants but it is a shame he think so.
 Exactly.  Especially considering wildfires hardly offer no forewarning, as experienced by the residents of Paradise.
 I enjoy attending concerts and yeah I did hear that concert was really bad, its a shame because Creed used to be a great band back in the day.
 Ha ha yeah whoppers are amazing. Our planet we live on is really amazing but it's very unfortunate that 80% of the earths natural forest have already been destroyed.
 Yeah that's true. Well apparently by the end of the century there will also be no helium left on earth either. No more balloons.
 It was McDonalds, to accomodate soldiers in fatigues. Too bad since then it has contributed to my laziness haha.
 well they def had unique sounds. matthew bellamy from the band muse holds the world record for most guitars smashed. seems like a colossal waste of money
 In this specific case there was a belief that before they were artists they belonged to rival gangs. This helped fuel the drama as opposed to a lot of rappers now who don't come up through the gang lifestyle.
 I feel bad for Reebok. They lost their market. I feel like they just do not matter any more. Am I off base?
 YES. I am not excited, though. These sequels of older, great movies tend to be terrible, at least to people who grew up with the originals
 It makes me feel sad that there's still a bias against religions in the US.
 yes! its sad everyone cant just feel what they want to feel!
 And that they can't just believe what they want to believe when it doesn't hurt anyone.
 It's shameful that it even has to be debated, and I don't like the way that some extremists liken them to terrorists by calling them security threats.
 Even if you went to Mt. Everest you wouldn't be safe. There's even 3G internet at the top of it.
 Did you know there was a copy of the internet at the library of Alexandria?
 I do not think they can compete with Netflix's comedies or movies so they had to go dramas. 
 The first hangover was brilliant but the next two.. woah!
 I was shocked to learn that Jim Carrey no longer does dramas. He is talented but I feel he is a little off...
 Yeah. As a city guy, I can forget about the rural communities.
 no but i also dont read it. do you?
 Ya, the tv series began in 1966 and ended in 1969. Only 3 years.
 It is an R rated film that I've heard is disappointing. Unfortunately, they say it doesn't really have the energy to say anything interesting or really anything that makes sense, which is disappointing! 
 Doing all this reading is complex and it requires a lot of my Cognitive Processes, So I ll have to see you later. have a good one.
 Yeah, and I guess I thought he was doing that on his own as a kid.
 By curiosity, the phone was so important and now the landline has almost disappear, like why the 212 code was implemented, because of rotary phones.  
 Yes!!!! a polling booth in lions sounds so scary, i don't know that i would go out to vote!
 That is very sad. They lose their right to vote people into office which is the cornerstone of a democracy. That makes me so sad!!
 I don't think I've ever read the full terms before. Companies make them so complicated on purpose.
 Facebook should not be a source of news
 Well the sad truth is the american airlines are an oligopoly so people are being charged $30 for the 1st bag
 Thats sad, I feel terrible for his family, I  wouldnt be friends with someone like that, returning a poor kid in those conditions feels evil.
 Yes, I heard about that. It made me like him even more! He hasn't been in the news much lately, but I guess he did have a pretty nasty break up with his last wife...
 After World War II, an improved form of black-and-white TV broadcasting became popular in the United States and Britain. I bet we have not read as many books, since then.
 I agree. And they provide the services of librarians who are experts at finding and organizing information and at interpreting information needs. It's been very nice chatting. But I have to go.
 That's kind of crazy, a lot of people write awful books! But i guess Norway has a smaller population and they w ant to encourage their homegrown authors. Anyway I think television has taken a lot of people away from reading.
 No - and I have no plans to. I don't know how I'd get around without a car there. But it looks beautiful :/
 I would go to Iceland to see the northern lights if it weren't so expensive. But I can just watch videos of them on-line for now
 I do not, it seems to always be so negative that it can get depressing sometimes.
 I think that too much opinion related content really drives the divide in this country. It should try to be dedicated to an objective view of the news as much as possible.
 I feel like these days there are less individual fun websites and more conglomerates than ever.
 I think that the automated programs are ruining the internet. It's hard to know what is a real interaction anymore.
 all of those poor pirates who had scurvy would have been saved....
 I guess there was a whole family of girls that owned a LayZ hoverboard, it burst into flames and burned their house down
 two of the girls died and the family is looking to sue to get more than 500k dollars in damages
 That was sad. I would have asked for millions of dollars if I were the family.
 I had not but that is very sad. We should do more to replenish a portion of that. 
 Yeah, video rental stores are sadly going away.. only ones we got around here is Family Video, and dunno how long they'll last.  Our local Hastings (video sales/rental/book/CD store) closed down last summer.  :(
 Yes, I agree. There are so many good rock bands we've lost one or more members to tragic happenings. Static X was a really good bad with a sad story as well.
 Living for 7 months in an airport must have been really difficult for that Syrian man.
 I used to. I'm trying not to spend so much time on it. Too bad Burger King doesn't have that promotion anymore where you get a free whopper if you unfriend ten people.
 Yes, and so went the piano with it!
 Someone just died trying to take the perfect selfie. It was on a moutain... Such vanity...
 I agree with some people who say that the percentage mentioned by expert (1 to 3%) is higher than it actually is.  My kids (parents) and their kids hardly speak to each other anymore.
 I did not because his show wasn't that popular when I was a child.
 I used to play but now I think I have mostly forgotten. I should preserve the tradition!
 So interesting. Too bad the side effect is that I (along with other Americans) got lazy from it!
 that is very kind of him since jordans are often over 200 dollars these days
 We may not, that's really sad now that I type that.
 The version of the ballet is short on story motivation, which is often important in dance performances.
 LOL  on a sad note human activity threatens about 1,200 species of birds.
 I did not know that. I will have to check it out. Nice chatting with you!
 A little. I used to love Bill Cosby and his comedy style. Now, his reputation is trashed.  
 Yeah, but there are a hundred media interviews, and there is a feeding frenzy. The only relief comes briefly as the next perpetrator is outted. 
 Too bad, his daughter died too.  He's seen better time.  Well, I must be going.  Doesn't seem you want to talk anyway...
 Hi! did you follow the bill cosby trial? it was so sad and shocking. 
 Yeah, it's pretty crazy that he was able to get away with drugging girls in their drinks for YEARS. Abusing 19 women is a lot to get away with. It's sad hes only getting in trouble now at 80
 I know, it seems it went on for 25 years.  It's hard to be believe when you are talking about a famous person.
 I have no sympathy for him, he tried to get out of it because the statute of limitations expired after 12 years. Thats insane. 
 Probably more than I should, but it is hard not to when it is easy to access.
 I can see that, I'm surprised it's as much as 7%, I shouldn't, but I always skip reading them.
 Poetry is a blind spot for me, never really learnt it at school and find it difficult to appreciate it.
 Funny guy indeed with a unique perspective on life. Unlike Edgar Allan Poe, who wrote dark poetry like the classic work, The Raven, which sadly earned him a total of $9.
 Sad that nowadays, most kids don't even like to read. They prefer 15-sec videos and are addicted to the adrenaline rush that comes with clicking links, a phenomenon that can be measured in the brain of the addicted.
 Yeah I didn't know about the IMDB thing...  it's sweet thought that they are coming out with a new Aladdin; I wonder who will do the voice for genie. I would hope they don't meet the same end as Robin did.  The pressure on them due to their wealth and lifestyles can be dangerous.
 That's awesome! I wonder if he traveled through Japan and if so, did they have all those highway tolls in place that costs over $300 to travel though? That is sad!
 Yes exactly. Unfortunately 34% of the black males in Alabama lost the right to vote. 
 I wonder if that has to do with discrimination or due to committing crimes? Either way, it seems unfair regardless. Just as up until 1918, not many men in the UK had the vote.
 I know it is the worlds largest retailer, but I dont like their delivery sometimes....they are not careful placing my packages on my porch in plain site sometimes.
 Yeah, unfortunately the drive thrus have made a lot of Americans like myself, more lazy. Haha.
 If its history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent over a minute. That is so sad that we are destroying earth in this small period of time.
 I guess days were only 5.5 hours long when earth was formed, but still. We are a tiny speck of time on Earth's history.
 YEAH! I am really embarrassed to say this but I have never seen monty python. I feel like I missed my window to see it too.
 That's good. I think that might have tarnished his reputation.
 Yeah and keeping it free.  He'll be missed for sure.  
 Yep, that's true.  Seem like most of their music was live recording too.  Too bad Jerry isn't around.  He would be all over the internet, even more so than now.
 That seems like a terrible idea. I am not sure what can go wrong but I know there will be something and they will look back and face palm about the stupidity...
 I am 6'6" and need to have my clothing taylor. However, my wallet is $0.00 so I sometimes roll up my sleeves so no one can tell my sleeves are too short. #bigmanproblems!
 No... then everyone would make fun of my high-water pants. It was the worst in High school when all I wanted was trendy clothes but no one made my size. 
 I just got back from a flight with a crying baby on it. I can understand why the United flight attendant gave Krupa Patel Bala a hard time.
 Just can't get over the mindset of seeing someone in that kind of stressful situation, and jumping in to make it worse. Interesting that ships released rabbits on islands. That must've really screwed up the local ecosystems.
 I wish they had. I'll be it would be a lot less toxic and a lot more respectful of its user community.
 Sounds peaceful to me, I wouldn't mind escaping the noise of the traffic for a little while.  Entertainment doesn't have to be  noisy, in fact my idea of hell is a couple of hours at Chuck E Cheese.
 I believe it's a giant mouse costume, the time I was there my senses were bombarded with noise and light and screaming kids, I was in no state to pay attention to anything.
 I'm so sorry to hear that. But you used to play?
 I'd need a good pair of shoes. I noticed mine are falling apart.
 I'm not sure if she gave any reason as she tried to cover up the crime. But it seems she was motivated by money, sadly.
 I bet he would still be alive. Not many deadly fueds in the dance world, I am assuming.
 He had an odd and turbulent life. His dad really did a number on him growing up. It's a sad story.
 Yeah I think it's called Leaving Neverland and it's about two of the kids that accused him. I think Michael Jackson still just thought he was a kid in his mind.
 I think in the end he really didn't do anything wrong with those children and he was just misunderstood. His behavior was a little odd but not illegal.
 Agreed. And you aren't kidding when you say that Joe Jackson did a number on him. It is really a sad story.
 It's a shame because I remember when he would release new music growing up and it was an event. He made some of the best songs of all time.
 So many great songs. Sorry I didn't mean to bring this conversation down but how can you talk about dance and not include Michael Jackson? Without him we probably don't have Timberlake, Usher, Chris Brown or anyone else.
 Unfortunately, yes. I have an iphone and use it way too much! How about you?
 It's a strange assortment of information this time
 Yea i know I think he only made like 9 dollars on that poem what a bummer.
 Hahaha thanks for the tip!  I do love Linkin Park!  They make good music.  Very sad what happened to Chester bennington. 
 Yeah, that was a huge bummer. I listen to that album working out all the time. It's great front to back.
 Seems like too many shows!
 Three times for me. All very different situations and never due to personal performance. It can make one feel like a loser, even if you had nothing to do with some high-level bureaucrat making an uninformed decision. Still hurts though.
 I read that, since 1900, the taller US candidate has won the election 75% of the time. What does that say about our society and how superficial we can be?
 I can't tell you the last time I listened to radio. Canada requires, by law, that 40% of music played, be Canadian. Poor Canadians! So much Bieber, Drake, Celine Dion, and Bryan Adams. 
 i'll be honest with you.  i did not.  sad to say i have become very disillusioned with the political scene; it's a long story.  but that doesn't change the fact that i recognize voting as a crucial, valuable process.
 It wouldve been nice to have been given more backstory about Thanos before they introduced him as the big bad evil
 I hope we do something about pollution soon.
 I like Stewart, because I feel so bad for him.
 Yeah, the fog is what made me depressed and made me move away from there.
 I also heard that a lot of the black friday deals really aren't great. For instance a normal TV may have 3 HDMI inputs but the black friday deals have like 1, and that's how they make money on them.
 Pretty unfortunate how reliable people are on the internet and the Library of Alexandria having a saved copy
 No, it's a shame that man has destroyed 80 percent of the Earth's natural forests already
 Yeah that makes sense. There is so much to see in the world. Unfortunately more than 80% of the earth's natural forest's have been destroyed.
 I suspect that is more to do with people being jealous of his popularity than a dislike of that individual video, I seen far worse than that.
 That's sounds painful you doing the dance, not the breaking of Youtube.  There's the problem with Youtube, you do one embarrassing thing at a party, and the next thing it is on line for all to see.
 I wonder how he feels about that?  To be honest it is probably jealousy as much as anything, there must be way worse than that on Youtube.
 I do not get to go as often as I used to, family duties, and also feeling old among all the young concert goes.
 I wonder how bad it would have to be to sue, I think you are taking your chances any time you buy a Creed ticket.
 I was surprised the first time I got a package on Sunday.  I'm glad I don't work in one of their warehouses, they have you walk over seven miles each day.
 I wish I could read more, I never get the chance any more, when I travel I tend to get more time with a book.
 My closet is not filled with the trendiest of stuff so I could use a mulligan.
 It's amazing how much they relied on LeBron.  They've gone from being championship contenders to bottom of the pile.
 Oh, sorry to hear that!  I love the warriors.
 I do like the NBA, but there is only one team to root for in my country... I wish they were more. 
 But even in college, basketball is about money, college basketball coaches are among the best paid state employees. 
 I think that's one of the greatest questions in sports.  Good players go to the good teams through a crazy series of trades.  I liked the good old days when a player stayed with one team for a long time.  Random question - do you know what the Granny style of throwing is?
 Exactly So true! Otto Porter had very few answers for the low percentage points. 
 Good point. Coaches have a rep for not taking enough blame sometimes. Porter said recently that we all need to look at ourselves in the mirror so that can be the start of accountability. 
 I totally agree. The coach said he wants to go back to the drawing board and I couldn't agree with him more. 
 Yes, although they have decent defense and take pride in their defense the team as a whole is failing. 
 Right! The coach seems to be in tune with the problems but its too little too late. Watching the film after a game is the best way to improve sometimes.
 Yeah, the Hawks are at 44.6 percent and they outperformed Washington by 4 percentage points.
 That makes sense now. Too many on inactive and at this time of year.
 John Wall went though a lot as a kid. His dad died of liver cancer when he was only eight. He's overcome a lot to get to where he is today
 Do you watch TV much? I love so many of the 100 cancelled comedy central shows and miss them.
 As I was reading this article, all I could think about was the competition there is in the world.
 True but I don't know if I could handle the pressure on my hands and fingers that it takes to play the guitar
 Yeah it was finally discontinued in 2003 in Japan!
 I took my father to see Merle Haggard.  The last time he played in our city.  He's dad's all time favorite singer and that was the first and last time we saw him, he passed away within the year.
 I would feel bad for him, he invents something, then everybody is better than him. I wonder if he regrets inventing it. 
 That's really sad. Honestly though the players that don't get the huge endorsements like Allen Iverson or Micheal Jordan don't make a ton of money. 
 That I did not know! I was really sad though about his passing.
 Yes, he had a terrible disease. I heard that Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentine's Day. Strange timing.
 Yes, it makes sense that they are in that family though. They look very similar. 
 Yes it is truly amazing. I am sad to learn that human activity threatens 1200 bird species.
 The Bulls, I am from Chicago. We suck though...
 I think I may try something new then! I have tried using chopsticks with sushi and it only brought me humiliation. I am not good with chopsticks.
 lol, I know you have to enjoy it if your trying something new! Doing something different with water is interesting. But, lapping it up like a cat doesn't sound fun. 
 I wish I oculd lose myself in the fun and be more fun. I take myself too seriously.
 Seems like he's really talented... Ever wonder what it's like to be THAT talented? I can barely dress myself in the morning.
 Yea, Facebook seems to be having a rough year
 I have been to Hawaii and Germany, but it is usually just in the continental US.  I wouldn't mind going to Japan, but i hear the tolls are very expensive!
 As much as I can? How about you? I've always wanted to travel across Japan but it sounds expensive seeing as how it costs over $300 due to highway tolls!
 The fennec fox looked limp as it was passed around.
 The poor tiger looked scared, as someone in the crowd noted. It did not seem to like the light show as it curled up in a corner after it realized there was nothing it could do.
 Yeah, at first they seemed to defend the show. some people have called for a ban of live animal entertainment at schools.
 Yeah, maybe they should consider doing that here. Poor tiger showed telltale signs of being stressed out.
 I wish all of Facebook was illegal because I spend too much time on it. Wish Burger King had a promo where if you unfriend ten people you get a free whopper.
 It kind of makes me sad for the animals, in that case. Poor babies shouldn't be trapped in cages!
 Yeah, too bad he probably didn't get to profit much off of it
 My grandmother loved it.  I don't like it as much.   I'd rather play than watch.  
 Me too. Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog which is a memorial for canine research subjects. It's sad to think that they get experimented on.
 Me too!  Nintendo was only able to produce 54 colors, but they were more than enough for me. I prefer NES to Playstation 4. Sadly, it was discontinued in 2003. RIP, NES!
 I read Stephen King mostly, but I've read some sci-fi. Back in the 1700's, they panicked, because people were reading novels. Now, I panic, because people rarely read. 
 You were talking before about how people don't read that much anymore. Sometimes I feel sad for how were are evolving as a culture. The American culture has become one where people want more and more things. 
 Hey, it's better than watching chickens.  On my old Atari we had just two colors at times, I was still addicted to it.  I should have been reading as a kid but I wasn't
 I agree, I feel like the essence of Star Wars has been deleted, theres no more Jedis and the plot is absurd, I hope they fix this 
 I used to have these collectors cards from 1977 that came with chewing gum, a full set.  I learned over the telephone a few years back that my dad had thrown them out while organizing the house.
 Oh man, what a bummer.  Sucks for you! That could have been some bank.
 I don't want to look it up on Ebay since I'll be very upset.  I think that is where Lucas made all his money, in merchandising.
 Not as many as I used too, that Star Wars concert in the park was the last.  I used to live in DC where there were a lot more venues, where I live now is kind of isolated.
 Yeah 80% of the, and we only represent 1 min and 17 seconds of the history of earth.
 I am not sure how they can all afford it though when bottles can be selling for $6 each.
 Yeah, and in the old days anyone could go to the pub. Now it's more of a treat, a luxury.
 I guess they are just more polite over there.  I just can't see that catching on in the urban locations here.  Anger seems to be the prevailing sentiment on most rap albums I hear.
 humans don't have flesh in fingers 
 True. I certainly wish I had more time to read. Perhaps if I could read at a speed of 4,700 words per minute like the world record holder for speed reading, it'd be easier to get more reading done!
 Robin was the best! Miss him so much. He was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities.
 I do too! He had such a tragic ending! very upsetting. Loved his movies too!
 Yeah he started an important trend I guess its too late to ask him. 
 I just read on apple news that George clooney is relating meghan markel to princess diana. Seems like a good logic leap.
 And there's stories of pioneer women goint o plow the field after giving birth. What jerk husbands!
 Glad to hear it. I just had a baby and don't look as good as Kate Middleton when she walked out of hospital.
 no, defiantly no. honestly why would they throw her out
 Just kidding.  Most women just want to get out of a hospital after having a baby. One American woman in Germany had been brainwashed by her mother that birth was easy.  She walked five blocks to catch a bus home in the freezing cold.  Ended up sick as a dog.
 really?!  you don't walk out right after having a baby!
 lol that funny
 Agreed! I understand change is necessary - like McDonald's adding a drive-thru for soldiers who couldnt get out of their vehicles wearing fatigues - but don't change the name. Do something else. I was so upset with them!
 You are right. It would be a nightmare. Wonder if their bones were as hollow as most birds to the point where the feathers weigh more than the skeletons. Since they're extinct, I suppose well never know, unfortunately. 
 Yeah, it has been many decades since they have last won.
 Yes he was.
 yeah that's what I was thinking. Did he every speak to any of his family?
 Both of those were great shows but seinfeld is a classic! i cant believe we wont see Jim Carrey clowning anymore.
 My friend just lost his job because of drugs.  I don't think it's fair to have a culture that on the one hand praises comedians who have done drugs and then has other standards for everyone else.
 Well, I think they are a problem.  They can keep you from holding down a driving job, like bus driving.  But when everyone around you in a state like mine, smoking a little weed on the weekends, you feel left out when you've got a job like that.
 Yeah, you are right about that! Did you also watch the 70s Show? There was a UK remake but sadly it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 Same here. I should write about tennis since I'm a huge tennis fan. But speaking of which, I think it's sad no black man has won the US Open Tennis title since the first black man won it in 1968.
 I would have like to see the library at Alexandria. So much knowledge! Too bad it burned down so long ago.
 I wish that were true! All of the ships visiting Alexandria had to give over their books for copying. I read somewhere that there were thousands of books there. What a waste! Too bad they couldn't have backups like we do.
 He will finish what Blockbuster couldn't... What a bad business decision by them...
 Awesome! Well it was finally discontinued in 2003 after all those years!
 It must be hard to watch your first born or any of your kids go to college, hard to let go sometimes.
 I am surprised how fast time flies.  The article I read about the lady's first born leaving for college hit lots of my buttons when our two children left home.
 Oh I see so you must relate to the article as well, its hard when you are all alone in your home and your kids are gone
 Me too.  Seems like things are tracked differently so someone could just put a song on repeat and the singer gets huge credits even if someone isn't really listening to it.
 its just sad how music has changed 
 I would feel like I was wearing clothes from a hobo! I hate hand me downs As the youngest of 7, it's the worst!
 They monitor a lot more than that! They measure eberything! And amazon too.
 Yes, not only do I disagree with that gesture, I also think the premise for which they are removing her from the curriculum is distorted, they are removing Keller from history books just so it could save teachers 40 minutes.
 I think that living in todays day and age is very difficult b/c of the harrassment some receive through different pieces of technology.
 either that or shaming someone based off of their religion or background.
 World was and always will be full of little cowards... fear can make terrible things to a person ;)
 yeah that is definetly a good question.  I really don't know but I guess like I said earlier they are going to have to change some laws to accommodate our changing times.
 yes, especially in California, hundredth of acre of land are destroyed.
 Yes very tragic. We need our forests and it's not looking too bright. So important for our survival here on earth.
 what really touch me is that I love animals and Their homes are being destroyed as well.
 Yes! Animals are so innocent and they are just trying to survive too. 
 yes, so true.
 That's very sad! I wonder how many species has been wiped off Earth from all those forests being taken out? Animals and plants, probably! Very sad!
 There was a bad accident recently with a tiger at a conservatory recently with a 20 year old intern
 It's sad that more than 80% of earth's natural forests have been destroyed!
 Yeah I read that, so sad what some people find fun.  I miss the good old days of nintendo games and more simple times. 
 Yes!  Good things our trunks aren't made out of wood anymore or that could be a serious fire situation.  
 Hi there. Hope you've had a good day. Do you like to play tennis? I tried it several times but I ended up running all around the court and not making much contact with the racket!
 I definitely saw more of his comedies. I guess that's better motivation than Michael Caine who became an actor just to meet the prettiest girls in his high school drama club. Hopefully he's matured since then!
 I'm good, thanks for asking.  I hope they find her too.  So much bad stuff in the news all the time, it seems like.
 I actually worked in a book store in 1998 after it had been around for a while, even then I could the writing on the wall for us as a business.
 It's probably because they figure tourists, especially ones here on limited visas, will have a harder time staying in the country or navigating the legal processes. It's horrible that they target innocent people like that.
 Yeah, there is always some evil person out there. That reminds me of that Maryland shooting at a liquor store. The victim was only 25 years old.
 That story was an awful one. I heard the victim and the shooter knew each other, but I can't say any personal dispute would justify the shooting.
 They have detectives looking into the motive, so they'll probably find out something from friends or family. What a sad thing to be questioned about.
 Do you have any kids? I have two but one is too young to be online and the other just watches YouTube kids....
 I am not looking forward to the day my son asks to get on it. I do not have the time to monitor that and his actual life.
 I heard that was a great promotion, many of my friends took advantage of it and unfriended me, that made me really sad
 Well it looks like we are unfortunately headed towards an oligarchy so maybe it would have been for the best here. Nice chatting with you. Have a great rest of the day.
 That's sad. We really need to dedicate our lives to our loved ones while they are still here to see us, though.
 I guess so. Coo jazz sounds like my type
 That would be sweet to play on.  I find it a little sad the amounts that are paid to people playing sports or musicians.  In 39 out of 50 states, the college football or basketball coach is the highest paid employee.  I guess you can see where our societies priorities lie.
 That would be interesting! SAs much as they make it's hard to believe that five years after retirement 60% of players are broke.
 Today it would be worth a whopping $8.62 billion if you can believe it.
 I find it hard to believe that the millionaires go broke.  You'd think there would be a class for college BBall players just about how to manage your finances once you hit seven figures.
 I bet there's a lot of money lost due to scams.  It's unethical, but there are plenty of people trying to siphon off that money.  Islands and giraffes are interesting scams.
 Hahaha true. I do not know what the whole fuss was about when he was elected president and some were saying he was not even born in the US. he could still be the President.
 Yeah, that's Trump again.  Trump's initial foray into the political scene was that whole "birther" movement.  Sigh... If only Hilary won the election instead of Trump.
 I saw that. That's a lot of money for an athlete that no longer competes. All the news about him is pretty bad too, usually alcohol related...
 I agree, I think dictators are one of the reasons America has been in a perpetual war for 17 years. It's like Afghanistan will never end.
 Yeah the leading singer committed suicide so that was sad. 
 That is also eccentric, I think it was in 1992. I am sad that they are probably dead now. 
 That cat has held political office longer than some politicians in Washington!  lol My cat passed away last year, she was 15 years old.
 My hands were not big enough for the guitar we had and my parents did not want to get me a different one. :( Must be nice to be like Matthew Bellamy and to have a lot of extra guitars on hand. He has the world record for most smashed guitars on tour
 i understand that. I just always need my phone. I most for the videos I shoot, which I know thye have great camera for. You use an iphone?
 Yep I agree with you. Comedy Central cancelled a bunch of shows I like to, apparently they've cancelled 100 shows since 1989 when they were started, I definitely believe that
 No I never saw that one either. Do you ever watch the show Shark Tank though? Apparently most of those deals are fake which makes me sad
 I agree totally.  I have two kids that will have to go to college, I don't want my fees going to pay for a sports coach.
 That's human nature, we all think we are going to be the best.  Especially these ball players, they've had people telling them all their lives that they are the best.  They probably start to believe it.
 Again human nature, we're all drawn to success, and money.  
 No, I didn't so I was very sad that they discontinued them even if the color display wasn't that impressive.  
 Wow, I think I am one of them.
 I cut a finger off. I wish that grew back...
 Not that much. I wish we could go back to simpler times. I remember having a rotary phone. DId you know that NY's area code is 212 because it is the fastest to dial on a rotary phone?
 I did, that was a really sad picture, poor kid, 
 Diffuse Intrinsic Pontic Glioma, that sounds like a rare disease, at least  he got to say goodbye, so sad and unfair
 Yeah, it shouldn't have to be like that for kids but unfortunately the world can be cruel sometime. The brother didn't leave his sister's side while she was dying.
 I bet he loved her with all his heart, I have a sister and cant imagine my life without her, he had no sleep and stayed by his sister side, his parents myst be heart broken as well
 They said that she passed faster than they thought she would but at least she did not have to suffer for too long.
 Yeah, the last phrase he said to his sister was I love you, breaks my heart, she was his partner in crime, his play mate and best friend
 That is a good way to say goodbye, it must have been frustrating to her parents knowing that the tumor had no cure and even more that the disease is uncommon
 Yeah, they did try. She went through a bunch of radiation treatments and even experimental treatments in Mexico.
 So sad, but anyways lets change the topic, its really getting to me, do you have a Facebook account?
 No surprise there! When Facebook first came out I thought I was lucky to reconnect with friends that moved away to college. I ended up losing all my friendships I had. People said really rude things, too.
 I did a social/cultural project in college where I had a report about a foreign land and made it into a video with my voice in it. It didn't even look very professional compared to some. Someone said I stole someone else's work. I had it on YouTube. Someone even made a rude comment about it before I disabled them.
 bye
 Hmm....I don't think its a good idea to mess with growing brains. Sounds like a bad idea to me. What are your thoughts on it?
 Interesting... Nba player allen iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 to where he would then receive a final lump sum payment of $32,000,000... Jesus Christ... those numbers are depressing... I won't earn that much in my lifetime... will You ?
 Poor guy. What will he do when his money runs out? Getting back to LeBron, when he left Cleveland, they reduced the price of his posters to $17.41, in remembrance of the year that the traitor, Benedict Arnold, was born.
 I suppose you get to a level, and then only best matters.  I bit of a shame if you pay to see them and they only give half an effort.  From what I know you would not accuse Lebron of that.
 That's what they all say.... I am from chicago so I am a bulls fan. We're not good...
 That was a sad Jordan! Nice chatting with you!
 It would be like if others had stolen you invention,  and made it better, rendering you useless. 
 you'd be surprised! if your yacht and mansion and your private jet cost you more than your paycheck, you're going down the rabbit hole pretty quick. It's odd that none of them ever decided to just take a financial class, like you said
 Exactly!  I guess they live for the here and now. A lot of them think they are gonna be famous, healthy, and athletic forever.  
 That doesn't surprise me, honestly! But sadly, he was so hated when he left Cleveland for Miami, his posters were marked down to $17.14 referencing Benedict Arnold's birth year.
 So very true! I just hope he doesn't go broke five years after retiring like 60% of all NBA players do, sadly enough.
 He does have an off-the-court-history with alcohol though. It's really kind of sad. The typical story about an athlete trying to hide their pain...
 Exactly! I'm a fan of Netflix too. Sometimes I like to watch the movies Jim Carrey used to do before his belief system meant he would no longer film movies that didn't project positivity. He's such a good actor
 They fires not only desplace thousand but also destroy lives, they make me real sad
 Absolutely. I miss Carol Burnett, too. She was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street!
 Really? That's crazy. Kim Jong un learned to drive at age 3, according to a north Korean teacher's guide.
 Must not work much.  North korea has theme parks. they are undergoing renovation at the orders of kim jong un.
 Hi! I did and two songs I'll never forget is "Conjunction Junction" and "Electricity, Electricity". It was so sad hearing Bob Dorough, the man who wrote those songs, died. What about you?
 Same here! You know, they actually made a remake of the 70s Show in the UK, but sadly, it only lasted 10 episodes.
 I'd have to say Conjunction Junction.  It's just so catchy and easy to remember,  LOL.  And speaking of Saturday mornings.. I miss those days.  Kids today don't know the magic of them... makes me kind of sad, you know?
 I would have loved to learn to play one of those. I really regret giving up piano as a kid. It seems like if you can play piano you can play any instrument with a little practice. 
 I worked in a warehoure for 1.5 years and my legs were wrecked for a few months after. Just painful.
 No.  They actually downsized and closed the building I worked in and decided to open a warehouse in another area 2 hours away.  The company was looking for a buyer and we think they are positioning themselves for a sale and that's why the did it.  I've been looking for another job.  In the meantime, I've been trying to keep my head above water working on mturk.  It's been a lifesaver for me the last 3 months.
 It is more diverse but celebrities still have an advantage on Youtube, being a search engine, popular results get more visibility. 
 I agree with you.  Looking back I thought he was getting the job done that trickled down to my local job economy.  I had high hopes for Trump in that area but so far he has failed as well to provide some help.  He won a ton of votes by campaigning here in my area that he was going to bring jobs back.  Instead GM is closing down a car plant here in Ohio.
 So true! It's also crazy to think the longest match in the history of tennis was 11 hours long and lasted three days. That is just sad!
 I'm conflicted, but I feel that the summit is simply a show and nothing substantial will come of it.
 I think he hurt his knee.  It's always hard for athletes to come back to such demanding careers after an injury, I think.  I think that's the same for other athletic careers like dance.  
 Yeah, it's really sad.
 I did see Born of the 4th - very sad but good movie about what a lot of our soldiers experienced and went through at the time.
 It really looks like the Spurs have seen better days.  After such a long streak of winning seasons, it's inevitable. 
 Yeah, summers aren't actually shorter. They're about the amount of time as they used to be. Sigh, still wish I could go back to my childhood summers without a worry in the world except for boredom!
 People are worried that this industry is to unregulated and they're trying to pass a law, the passenger that was hit by the Uber was 49 years old and this occurred in Tempe Arizona
 Well I like the Uber myself but I have used left, I guess Elaine Herzberg was the one who was killed by the way, that's very sad
 I do not think this is a good idea, you should worry more about renewable energy than this. I agree that it will bring problems
 I like Robin Williams. I thought it was sad the way he went.
 I did and then it was a whole lot of losing.  108 years worth!!  
 Yeah he sure was an icon of economics sad that he died at age 82 but he was old already so its not suprising either
 I believe it.
 No doubt.  Its way too much.  Plus all the wait time involved.  Seems like its almost not worth it.  Why make it so hard?  
 Unfortunately, five years after retiring, 60 percent of players are broke. They do not manage their money well.
 I'm getting to where I don't watch the news anymore.
 I find it incredibly dumb when humans try to civilize wild animals and then get injured or killed by a wild animal.
 Yeah. Really sad. They were breaking up too. She was a casualty of bad timing.
 Stupid flanders... I laugh every time. I feel like I am the only one of my friends who still watches.
 How's it going? Have you ever been to the Grand Canyon? There was an unfortunate helicopter crash there recently involving tourists
 Unfortunately three people were killed on Hualapai Nation land, how sad
 That would be scary to see the tourist helicopter crash at the Grand Canyon in February.
 Three died and four were injured.  
 It's too bad the inventor of basketball, Naismith, was the only losing coach in the university of kansas' history
 Naismith deserves more since he invented one of the most popular games in existence. Even the supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor
 Apparently. I find it very depressing that in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employees are college football or basketball coaches. 
 Yea that's a shame, plus players leave college to soon, 60% of NBA players are broke five years after retirement 
 That is terrible!     Do you know how old the earth is?
 I'm sure it would. I always was interested in the piano, just could never get the hang of playing it. That's why I mostly stuck with the guitar.
 Hey there I love our planet. Earth is so awesome, it just makes me sad that 80% of our national forests have been destroyed though
 Apparently, I'd give up all my friends! The rise of the internet has also given us internet "celebrities," which is another reason to hate it. 
 Give her time. She'll pass him. I know I'm old when I'm wistful for dead celebrities, like Robin Williams. 
 He was already animated. I also miss Carol Burnett, her variety show was hysterical and she didn't put on airs. She was the first celebrity to go on Sesame Street, which shows how down to earth she was. 
 Hi! I do, actually! And I'm also not a member of the 7% of the population that reads the full terms before buying stuff online, sadly. What about you?
 No, I don't like them. Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 some things yes, I used to take astronomy in high school. sadly, i know that over 80% of the forests have been destroyed
 no but that's really sad, I wish that weren't true
 Wow.  That's scary.  I think.  I did see that more than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed. That's sad.
 I don't know.  I'm not sure that Americans just want to pave forests, but there is no doubt that some politicians will support anything the feel would show "progress."  It is a little disconcerting that government employees can be exempt from Geneva convention violations though.
 I can well believe that, I see kids with their phones, they can barely raise their eyes from the internet now.
 Unfortunately the study didn't report which social media sites were used, that would be useful information for people who might want to try online socializing to help with depression
 They were amazing. Very sad about what happened. 
 Seems to have many twists and turns about a young man who basically murders his girlfriend and her mother for no apparent reason.  seems he was quite deranged.  not really my kind of read though...  lol
 He should just stick to his music and not much else.  Just because he's famous does not make him someone that can advise others.
 I think people like this are surrounded by others who agree with everything they say, they then start to believe that everything they say is right.
 I think that says more about us as a country, we just don't teach it in school.  I have a German foreign exchange student staying with me right now, she speaks better English than my kids.
 They were the main sponsor of them in the 50s. They lost the sponsorship but the name stuck, people also change Jim Carrey does not want to act in a drama anymore. 
 i guess he hates the attention most "celebs get,
 I do have 2 and I try to limit their tv time but it's just so easy to just hand them an ipad. I try to limit it to 1 hour a day
 True, except for Laurie. I guess they tried to run it in England an it flopped! Were you a pokemon fan?
 It's ok. I can 
 Right? Someone mentioned classic rock the other day... it was Metalica!
 The race in Maryland is quite competitive. It's a congressional race for Hoeber and trone.
 Good morning!  I think the president is a con, cheat, racist, and mentally challenged....
 Most things about this president bother me - the roll back in EPA regulations, the unabashed nepotism, the attacks on the media and our country's intelligence agencies - could go on and on and on and on 
 in my opinion it should be something having to do with orange. I totally agree with you and I was hoping for a real tax cut for the middle class by now.  I also want to point out that I am not any happier with the 2 parties in our current government. Both Dems and Republicans are doing a terrible job
 I think he is just a culpable for not standing up for what he allegedly believes in and letting this administration operate with a blatant disregard for decency and humanity.  Although, what I do know about Pence, maybe it's better that he sits in the corner quietly!
 They have been progressing over the past few tournaments, until this last one which was a bit of a disaster.  They usually qualify alongside Mexico but not this time.
 I do too. I wish I knew a lot of languages...
 Yeah, but Nike paid the fines, so, money was the dominant player.
 Yea, I'm a little disappointing France won the 2018 World Cup
 Yes, there is a clear increase in adverse weather events over time.
 I am a big dog lover as well. I do like cats but I am somewhat allergic to them, if I am around them too long it bothers my eyes and sinuses. 
 But I understand why at the time, people would need more of a distraction from the war.
 That's too many! My son may have seen all of them too. 50 a year for 16 straight years!
 That's nice of them.  I miss Robin Williams.  He was so cool and a great voice for animation.
 Not really, I don't really watch too much television now, not aware of what is going on.  Plus these awards show are a lot of back slapping and self congratulation.
 Winning Oscars is not a gauge of ability, Eminem has more Academy Awards than Decaprio, Depp, Lucas and Bill Murray combined!
 It's kind of funny that the Academy Awards show put on by ABC won an Emmy, that seems, almost, the ultimate self congratulation.
 Being a celebrity must be very hard, there are just so many awards show to attend, how do they find the time, the poor souls.
 That' a lot of $123,000 per episodes.  I should have gone into law, or TV, or film, or anything that makes more than I get now.
 I find it hard to watch because these kids are pushed into roles that they just aren't ready for. They are trying to shape genres that they just only got to be a part of a few years ago. 
 Yeah, I wish I had gotten to see them live.  It's sad what happened to Chester Bennington though... :(
 It is. In fact, when Marvel attempted to start their own studio, one of the characters they used as collateral was Black Panther so they risked losing ownership of then character if the studio failed!
 That is funny. I also like watching reality tv, like Shark Tank. I'm sad to know that most deals on that show don't ever get enacted.
 Yeah, it's quite nostalgic for me. That's part of the reason.
 Yes,  I read that also!  Kinda weird but fun fact.  Bart is like the star of that show so thats messed up lol.  
 Hulu hosts a lot of the FOX shows right? Damn I would like to watch these shows but I do not want to pay money to watch advertisements.
 Blockbuster failed to go the streaming route. They would have been the favorite to destroy Netflix. Before streaming, Netflix wasn't really great. Similar to Amazon when they only did books.
 I liked those too, its a bad thing they got cancelled, Daredevil was great I also love Iron Fist 
 I heard that Blockbuster had the opportunity to purchase Netflix for $50 million and declined several times.  Bad move on their part - they're out of business and now Netflix is worth $2 billion!  Wish I had gotten in on that stock.
 No, I did not know that. I think it's ironic that Lincoln was shot and he created the secret service that morning. I guess they weren't equipped well. Maybe if he created them a few weeks before they could have prevented it. 
 Yes, it is a shame he was assassinated.
 I think that was a terrible thing he did.  He should be ashamed of himself.
 Wow, that is pretty cool. I guess they tried to teach Mr. Rogers to breakdance in one episode!
 I've heard on the radio from time to time concerts being a no show by the performers. That would be such a ruined day for so many people!
 There was a spread of reading and instead of encouraging it, they called it a moral panic and began banning books. Seems logical...
 I would hate to be the one who was laughed at in the game of You Laugh, You Lose. Seems mean.
 I am not a fan... I get scared and then turn the channel. I am not a strong person. 
 I feel like there has to be a way to get more voters out. It hasnt breached 62.8% in the last 100 years
 The the president has been a member of either the republican or democratic party since 1853. I think we need more choices
 The simpsons crew gave south park flowers for an episode.
 Me too. I will say I am not a trump fan though.
 I told a friend of mine, that with the entire nation as a candidate pool, those two were the best we could come up with. Makes me sad. We need more and better!
 Yeah. I also do not like how the debates have devolved into name calling and grand standing. Just say what you will do without the name calling. And I am usually all for that!
 I would prefer if they put their heads together and help america. Instead they bring us down. 
 My son loves that show so I have to watch it with him.
 Yeah, they still cost a lot, in maintenance, fuel and depreciation. 
 I agree that is pretty sad.
 I wish that as well, both had a lot of talent, so sad, Michael Jackson another great dancer that is no longer with us
 A little bit... I honestly try not to think about Congress much... lol
 Yes, some people really like to get under everyone's skin for fun. It's pretty childish to me.
 Thats really sad that California has had so many fires the last few years,  has it effected you at all?
 Yeah. If only I had some of that Allen Iverson money.
 I love watching baseball. I do usually fall asleep when I watch it. They need to inject life into it. Their opening day needs to be more of a celebration, like football does.
 No kidding! I think it's sad they threatened to use The Simpson's for parodying their famous anti-democratic agenda. People are so sensitive these days, unfortunately. 
 i think a lot of traditions are being lost. We are trying to rewrite history and it is leaving us without the amazing culture we have carried through from the past. 
 LOL  I cannot help but feel bad for celebrity children. They grow up in an environment where the world revolves around them. Then they grow up to find the world revolves without them, and the stand around yelling, "Hey, look at me...i am still here...Why don't anyone care anymore?" I miss the days when celebrity meant Carol Burnett.."
 Yeah! Did you see him sitting on the end of the bench by himself, with no one close to him? I felt bad for him.
 Yes, sometimes I think we might as well just use a lottery. It's sad.
 If you're into crafts Michaels is closing a bunch of stores, 94.
 Funny how that works, yet someone like Tim Duncan chose to stay in college and likely lost money for not going to the NBA earlier.
 True.I guess one person that wont be retelling old dramas is Jim Carrey.  I guess what he follows doesn't allow him to do movies that aren't positive.
 What was the last movie to win one? I dont like that the academy has no appreciation for comedies.
 Yes you're right! The other one was Jefferson, I think they must have been adjusted for inflation LOL. are you sad like me that the presidential election turnout has only maxed out at 63%?
 That is sad. WIsh more people would be involved. If you don't vote you get what you deserve.
 It's got to be involuntary, something from our evolution. A taller person is more likely to bring down the wooly mammoth. I was concerned when I heard that international election observers were blocked from the polls in nine states back in the 2012 election.
 Yeah, but I think they would have even if they had a normal job, and a lot of them are not like Tim Duncan who sacrificed playing time to stay in college and get his degree.
 Yep.  And to handle that at such an age is incredible.  I was hoping to make minimum wage while working during college.  I once had $2 million and lost $1.4 in the 2008 market crash.  They handled it well.
 Hey you like to travel? I personally love it. I would love to go to Iceland but was bummed out to hear about the absence of public transport.
 Agreed. We need more diverse presidents, for sure. Someone to represent everyone, not just a select few. 
 I can admit to falling for a few myself. I hate it afterwards, I'm always like so not worth it. I try not to fall for it and just google the information myself.
 Well, being an actress is probably a time consuming job.  It is strange that she doesn't mention her adopted kids at all.  Maybe it has to do with Tom Cruise, and the kids being part of Scientology.
 Its my understanding that you are not supposed to leave the Church freely.There may be a response from the members.
 I have not seen the HBO documentary but have seen similar programs on the subject.Anything that divides families isnt a healthy thing.
 I agree.  It is really sad when it is a so called religion that does it.  It sounds like Nicole and Tom's kids decided to stay with their father and the church, so they shun Nicole.  It makes sense why she doesn't talk about them in public if that is the case.
 yeah thats right but you know when it hurtsm is when they start going politically right and they start putting politics in everything thats when it gets out of hand 
 I know, right? Plus no one knows how old he is. Not to mention he ordered the execution of his own uncle in 2013!
 I used to have a collection of those but I gave them to my friend when I had to move.
 I think it's in Charlotte? I remember last year how Fergie lost. 
 Schleswig-Holstein. I'm not sure honestly. But some countries do value the access to facebook and use it for political and government related issues. Iceland is rewriting their Constitution through facebook so they can allow other people to express what they want and need.
 I agree with you one hundred percent, and it so sad, especially for low Income Americans.
 Have you been to Key West? The person who transformed it into a tourist destination just died. It used to just be a remote naval outpost
 I'm not sure. Sadly when he started rehabilitating houses, he had to change his name to David Williams i order to avoid anti-semitism.
 I think he did eventually change his name back. I haven't been there. It's sad though that in Key West and other cities they are starting to bulldoze historic neighborhoods for urban renewal.
 Yeah.  But should really stay away as well.  Just too depressing.  The story was filled with issues about miscommunication and racial bias.  Quite sad.  
 I know right, but it still won't bring back that lady's son or that little boy's daddy.  Shame on them for killing that poor man.
 True. I also read that none of the jurors in the officer's trial were African American. That's outrageous.
 Are you interested in cars? I did not know that Benz was the inventor of the  auto. Did you?
 I heard that he died recently.    Do you know what was the cause?
 A long, sad year.    I remember when Robin Williams passed.    I watched Aladdin with his voice work.
 Do you think it is a good idea ? I wish there were more parties, more ideas. 
 True. me too never read full disclosure. Really happy to see governments donating $1 bn to save amazon rainforest. It really important that governments saving the nature and preserve for future generations
 I'm worried that there is actually something wrong with Kanye West. He seems a  bit unstable lately. 
 Wow that is so strange. I know that he has talked about bipolar before. I wonder if that is what is going on. 
 I don't understand why they would have a sit down in the first place. I can't imagine they thought much was going ot be accomplished. 
 He does seem very sweet at times like when he is with his kids. I hope that he can get the help he needs. 
 Honestly I think his meeting with Trump was a big publicity stunt too. Sad that the office of the president is now a popularity contest. 
 Everything nowadays is fake news, if you don't like something just yell fake news.
 Ah but if you are the government you just say it's fake news and hope no one digs deeper.
 That is part of the reason I stay away from it.  How much of that do you think is any good, or worth your time?
 Bummer. So if you go on that show you should just expect that your deal won't actually happen? But at least it gives you publicity.
 I rarely use it. Too bad BK doesn't have the promo anymore where if you unfriend ten people you get a free whopper. I could get rid of all my friends that way and get free burgers. Ha.
 I don't know. I think it's good that Me Too gives women a voice but I just don't understand how people take decades to do it. Something happened to me a few years ago and I reported it immediately.
 It did seem that afterwards, since she could not even look at him,that she did realize what had happened. Maybe in the moment she just did not know what to do.
 Pokemon Go is a grind. Also I enjoyed the 70s show. It was made verbatim in the uk, but too bad it was cancel so soon, only after 10 ep.
 Do you know about the situation from the Supreme Court?
 Agreed and fascinating how Rooney makes 2.7 million dollars in the mls while average players probably make less than me.
 Rooney has more twitter followers than all of dc's stars combined. HA
 I've never had a cat, I found out I'm somewhat allergic to them. 
 GameBoy is an icon, I had one too and yeah I did play the with the NES, too bad it got discontinued on 2003!
 Yep you need the advertising unfortunately. I was sad to learn that most deals in Shark Tank are not actually fulfilled. It's just for the show
 Wow, see, you do know a lot about gymnastics! I wish it were on TV more often, though.
 You have a very good point. It's so sad that kids have problems with reading today, too.
 I do as well. Unfortunately I'm a Knicks fan so I don't watch a lot of local games. I mostly watch the good teams play on TNT or ESPN.
 I remember a few years ago when they went public I was going to buy a bunch of stock at like $300/share. It's now around $1900. Im an idiot!
 I do not watch judge judy. I will catch Maury and his DNA tests when I am at the gym. I get sucked in all the time. I am weak!
 That's a good question worth looking into! It's also sad knowing over 80% of our natural forests have been destroyed. That's something impossible to artificially create, sadly.
 It is sad to me how many of these players lose it all once they stop playing. Except for a select few with endorsements after they retire most of them go flat broke once they are off the teams. 
 It is sad to see that almost 60 percent of NBA players go broke after they retire.
 That's too bad, but maybe they aren't paid enough? 
 WOW! Wholly molly, that is really sad. 
 Yes,  sad. When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long
 Oh candy is absolutely terrible for the health of anyone! No wonder our food pyramid is so wrong it's killing people! Personally I'd like to see a complete change in our Government. I don't want to hear about anything other than all the amazing things they are doing for homeless people, the planet, us, other countries. I tend to avoid the news a lot.
 Our current president is make life difficult for the Senate. Hemight be wealthy but he is no JFK or Washington for sure
 I''m so ignorant that I was unaware of the Capitals success, having lived in DC for a good amount of time you'd think I'd at least be aware of that.
 I suppose its all that padding they have to wear.  Not not making the sport any more attractive to me, tooth loss and excessive sweat.
 Sorry but I am definitely not a fan. I believe him to be very dishonest.
 Sadly, that is so true. He doesn't have much time left I believe.
 I do not know the most, although shoes from 5000 years ago have better performance than shoes today,
 To raise awareness for homeless people without shoes.
 He published in teh Washington Post, but also was a fixture on Fox news. I loved CK. He was thoughtful, original, insightful, and concise.  
 A smart guy.    He died too young - do you remember at what age he passed?
 That's pretty dumb. Fox distributes both...
 Yep he at least keeps it interesting. What's said to me is that the only president to ever have a Ph.D was Woodrow Wilson, we need more PhD presidents
 That's so sad, but yet true.  Well it's been nice chatting with yoy this morning, I need to head to work, now.  Have a good day, friend.
 My dad had that (slightly). He couldn't be a pilot like he wanted because of it :/
 Even if we do hear any more music it will never be the same. But their albums will be here forever. 
 Seeing how people in the public eye have become very rude (both the president and the media in some cases) makes me feel very old.  I just don't think that people should be disrepectful of each other.  And I also believe that you can disagree on a wide variety of topics but do so with respect.
 Yes I agree.  I hope we can get a better president in a few years.  
 It is kind of sad that no woman has been nominated for best cinematographer for the academy awards
 That is so sad.  I am glad that isn't the case now days.
 Yes , so unfair,This happened in 1948.
 Oh thats too bad, I used to love his music, he sure was a visionary leader.
 I can see that. I cried so hard when Bambi's mom got killed. I think my parents didn't know and they felt terrible.
 I think that was the objective of FaceBook, becoming some kind of super network that would benefit society. I think it did not succeed. At least the benefit to society part. 
 I think they are a great tool if used appropriately. They can be really addicting though. 
 Not yet... I'm not the biggest fan of that dude... I mean I loved him in Mr. Robot, but I don't see him as Freddy... ;(
 And the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.  I could see Trump doing something like that
 I would hope for a christmas tree! Teddy Roosevelt did not permit christmas trees for the holidays in the white house.
 Indeed. It is too bad his belief that such dramas didn't project positivity and so he no longer makes dramas is a shame. 
 Never tries that, but I do like tea, I would not waste it on smelly shoes. 
 I am actually a republican who is against guns.  All you need to do is look at what happened in Broward County last Valentine's Day to realize how terrible guns are. 
 I didn't know that. How sad is that.  Is it from climate change? or those wildfires and such?
 From human activities.  It is so sad
 wow I had no idea. I know they blame heat, drought, wildfires, flooding and stores (hurricanes) all on climate change. 
 The areas of these regions will disappear drastically
 that's sad.  do you really think so? I wish we could ensure that won't happen. 
 Same
 No, havent been to onw of those, I sure regret that because I am a big fan and I heard they played non stop for about 20 years
 I dont know, I think that the band had internal issues, the lead vocalist had mental problems and it all started to dismantle, I liked it, I like some of their songs a lot, too bad!
 Me too. It's hard to believe that such insanity existed--and exists in some cases.
 The president of Zimbabwe!
 Well, thanks for the chat
 I haven't seen that yet.  If you like Pokemon, you're in luck.  They made over 750 episodes.  Too bad I don't. 
 I'm not really a dancer myself. I always felt it was like work, like I should get paid to do it. Not that anyone would pay me to dance though.
 I never really had a chance to go to concerts when I was younger. Never had the money. 
 Hi! Did you hear about Pete Munk's passing? He was a Holocaust survivor who also happened to the world's largest gold producer. It was very sad!
 He single handedly transformed the Barrick Gold Corporation from what was a small scale operation to a global empire. The company broke the news of his unfortunate passing but didn't state the cause of death. 
 Mcclloch cam from a white family of police officers and did not recuse himself. This outrageged every Black group that wants to see justice in the black community.
 If used correctly it can be a good thing but it seems lately it's just been a tool to spread misinformation.
 Yeah, I would have liked to see have seen something come from the Congressional Hearings on how they use our data. Some of these companies really need to be checked on their policies and practices.
 It definitely led to me being a lot more wary of things I see on social media, I have done a lot of independent fact checking on things I see people post.
 I think that it should be a national holiday. Although I suppose more people would use it for vacations than actually voting.
 That is hard to believe but it was The Onion so I'm sure it was done facetiously. I think it's even sadder that China actually believes it to be true. 
 I think he is at least trying but I did see something today that the talks ended abruptly between him and Trump. I think today
 Agreed! If they do, hopefully it lasts longer than the UK remake of 70s Show. Sadly, it only lasted ten episodes. Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care, friend!
 Well I know we have some team names that are certainly questionable in America
 Same. You can't really get the main stuff done that you want unless it's one of those once-in-a-century elections where you get a filibuster-proof Congressional majority, and what you do accomplish either provokes a backlash or gets reversed after you leave.
 I do but I am not coordinated so no one likes to dance with me.
 I read that ballet dancers can go through 4 pair of shoes in a week. They just don't make em like they used too...
 I'd like to see that episode as I bet it's weird never seeing Bart. Were you a fan of 70s Show? I wanted to see the UK remake but sadly, it was cancelled 10 episodes in.
 Who knows! Jimmy carter also turned all the thermostats to 65 in the winter of 1977. i would be so upset and freeze!!
 I don't know, people getting is always bad regardless of what turns out to be the motive.  Hope they catch whoever did it!  
 At least he wasn't the airline exec who was shot in the streets of of Memphis... Man, that's sad. Seemed like a good dude.
 Right? I cannot imagine having a strong enough vendetta to harm someone maybe put a dead fish in their car.
 I'd get bored I think. And if only I was immortal I'd have to watch too many people die and that would be sad.
 As a dolphins fan, I don't care for the patriots. They play in the Gillette stadium in foxborough. 
 I am surprised it is that low. I get really upset watching the news, and not just politics. The murders too. I am from Chicago and the deaths need to stop.
 Yeah. Cable news can get really bi-polar. It seems to go further and further out. Republican leaning shows are starting to go further right and democratic shows are going further left.
 I actually switch off the TV in the machine, I find I keep looking down at it, and then I see how far I have to go.  I try not to know because sometimes I get disheartened if it's further than I thought.
 HA! I have been known to put a towel over that. I get too depressed and usualy just stop shortly therafter.
 I was a huge fan of Linkin Park too.  They have the highest selling album of the 21st century still I think.  Very sad what happened to their lead singer.
 I've idly thought of learning the guitar for a long time, but never actually made a start at it.
 Yeah unfortunately if Linkin Park wants to do any more concerts, they would have to hologram their lead singer
 Have to admit though, he is a genius. He has a degree in physics and they also say he learned to drive at the age of 3. Too bad he doesn't use his intelligence to better the world!
 I'm sure it is and sometimes it leads to gigs later if you are charismatic enough. But I would hate to be an athlete of any kind and make it all the way to professional level only to make minimum wage. 
 I have tried putting.  The courses are closing around me due to water.  Avg course uses 312000 gallons a day
 I think that golf courses are a waste of land and now water as well
 It's definitely a luxury hobby. I never played because it is too expensive for me to get involved with.
 I hope that gets settled soon, poor people of Venezuela they have suffered enough already. 
 I love it too!  I'm sad that over 80% of the natural forests have already been destroyed.
 In in that minute we have altered earth in a devastable and destructive way, 
 I agree with you.  So sad.I just heard today that the Earth will be almost free of Helium by the end of the 21st century.  I guess no more balloons for future generations!
 Oh wow that is cool. Unfortunately people used to research on canines. There is a tomb in Russia that honors the dogs who were experimented on.
 Yes. some places was not acceptable that blue wave
 True, but they are still billions in debt and increasing the total!
 Maybe, it's a shame blockbuster isn't still around but they could of bought netflix for 50 million but wasn't smart enough to
 I like to read, it is like exercice for the brain. But I wish I could read faster. 
 It's interesting there is such a disparity in the quality of schools, in the nations capital no less. The lottery should be fun, not like this.
 Oh god, I hope not! I do not like the idea of a republican president.
 Well, that certainly is one way to put it. Sometimes I think that I don't want a republican OR democrat to be president, but that hasn't happened since 1853.
 That's incredibly interesting, and slightly disturbing. Money is always a problem! Some change is definitely needed in politics, especially with the President.
 The party has changed a lot since its conception, it was a anti-slavery and pro-economic reform. Now it is an anti free trade party. 
 That is a good perspective. I guess I have never been into it. I am even more out of it now. I cannot watch music awards becuase i do not know who any one is.
 Yeah, but because of that, we have a pretty abysmal public transit system and an even worse high speed rail network.
 Yes, Its to bad that the inventor of basketball James Naismith, is the University of Kansas's only coach in history to lose.
 I am so sad to hear he recently died! He said that he wanted to raise ocean awareness and I think he did an excellent job in the form of those great comedy shows and films.
 Apparently, he had ALS.  It's sad.
 I would not know what to do.   Hillenburg stayed with the show until the day he died.
 It's sad that the lead singer is no longer alive to see how "Hybrid Theory" is still one of the best-selling of this century
 There has been a lot of firings
 Yea, sounds like they were planning to protest a variety of things involving his administration.
 I would rather him face that some people don't like his policies than not go and honor history.
 i wonder if Paris intended to protest too?
 Or at least recognizing that we recognize the entire world's loss during WWI.
 But that was a huge advancement at the time over monochrome games like Pong!  I cried the day they retired Nintendo. I think it was in 2003, but it still brings a tear to my eye...
 This whole topic is really tough. Moonves just got fired for cause and lost millions!
 Yeah. I just am so sad for all the victims. It puts them in such a bad spot.
 HA! I feel like the Simpsons could be sued for a lot! And they seem uber-litigious!
 I like the Senate but hate the senators, if that makes sense. I like the overall thought of it but hate the parts. Too much bickering and not enough concensus. I miss McCain in this aspect.
 I had no idea that this still goes on. You hear about human rights violations in Syria and other contries and wonder how it still happens. How sad and disgusting!
 Hello
 Yes, the final scene of Nashville was pretty sappy. But it was also absolutely perfect.
 Wow.  Queen's guitarist, brian may, has a phd in astrophysics.
 I think everyone will be at the polls in 2020. Democrats are sick of trump while republicans need to stick by him as he is the only one with real power.
 HA! No... Can you imagine try to get work done in Washington with Hilary and Trump in office? The highest level of voter turn out in the last 100 years has only been 62.8%
 WOW! I wonder why that is? More people should turn out. The voter turnout for presidential elections has not reached over 63% in the last 100 years sadly. 
 That isn't that long ago. And currently 34% of the black male population in Alabama has permanently lost the right to vote. How awful.
 I think part of the reason some churches have failed is because Pastors have let the congregations down.
 I usually do the online services or watch on TV but I miss going to a good service. But I maintain a very healthy relationship with God.
 Wow, that is quite a nobel cause. I heard it is because soldiers couldn't get out of their car while wearing their fatigues. It's sad that many Americans have used the drivethru for their own laziness since then.
 That is so interesting. Even though now drive thrus contribute to our laziness.
 yes I have seen it, it made me cry in the beginning when the grandma dies!
 I heard something about a recent collision. Something about a bus going over a cliff on a curve known as Devil's Curve. Awful. 
 I do although I am allergic to them. Do you?
  think she had a lot of talent, too bad cancer took her life at age 76
 I will,  thanks.How do you like Linkin Park? I heard their "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st. Century.
 I like a song or two but that's all. I really liked the vocalist that died... real shame...
 I play the piano, so I love the heavy use of keyboards. I was playing "What Have I Done?" the other day and it made me sad. Like he was predicting it. They played 324 concerts in 2001. Maybe it was burnout.
 Hobby. Did you have any old vinyl records? Unfortunately my wife threw them out during may moves since they are so heavy.
 Geeez, ok. Do you like when the old guys play a live concert like the Who in 2012. Just doesn't sound as good to me.
 Yea she was a great singer, kinda sad her funeral became a spectacle after she died at 76
 I understand the appeal of golf, but given the earth's finite resources it seem a bit wasteful from the land to the amount of water
 And the average golf course consumes 312 gallons per day. That is water that could save lives
 I think TVs last, there's just an obsession with "the next big thing". So while a TV is still working and high quality if it doesn't have the brand new feature it could be considered worthless. 
 Either that or they both hate Family Guy. Ha! Were you a fan of 70s show at all? I was curious to see the UK remake but sadly, it was cancelled 10 episodes in. I was pretty upset over that.
 It will be pretty soon that everyone will use social media for the majority of their communication.  
 Over 1/3 of all divorces have the word facebook in the paperwork.  That tells you that something has gone a bit crazy
 That's pretty extreme. The German state Scleswig-Holstein has a weirder law that makes it illegal to like things on facebook
 When you zoom into the white house on google maps you can see barack obama
 Haha, wonder why?
 I like voting for VP.
 You are right about that.
 yea the legal system especially. You see a lot of stuff that the everyday person would not ever see in the courtroom. Especially if you defend criminals
 I never heard of him.  I understand that he had been fatally shot.  How sad.
 Apparently he had a number 1 hit posthumously
 Wow.  That's incredible.  The lines of his song were sad talking about suicide
 Seems like a lot of musicians and actor/actress' suffer from some kind of ailment.  Its so sad. 
 They've got talent but problems.  The year B.I.G. was killed his anthem raced up the charts.
 Yes, he was shot and killed last year, very sad. My son was a fan so I heard all about it. He has very dark music but he was getting a better outlook and his songs were getting better I think. He was very controversial.
 I remember my parents talking to me about music. Marilyn Manson in particular. Did you have those talks with your parents about music?
 I love Pink floyd. My dad had a huge collection too. And then when he went away to college, his mom threw them out. 5 kids, 3 rooms and a single mom. No room for vinyl....
 Yeah. Are you a prince fan? I could never get into him, despite my knowledge that he was great. Bowie too.
 I have but in name and murder only. You?
 Yeah. It was all over a stick up too. I find the tragic loss of life associated with music depressing.
 When Chester died, a small part of my youth died that day. I was sad about it.
 Me too, I would play with my siblings. 
 He is, his death is not yet comfirmed but I believe its him, 
 No, it's not. Almost as ugly as the Wizards season!
 Philip Savopoulos was a victim of a 2015 quadruple killing 
 That is so tragic.  He was only ten years old.
 The people who killed them held them as hostages, got their $40,000 ransom, then killed them.
 The young boy tragically was home sick and got in the middle of the disaster.
 He went to St. Albans a private all-boys school and was home ill.
 They play on some of our darkest fears. The death of your child is probably the greatest fear of a lot of people.
 Yes, he was one of the first big name guys to take on voice acting. Shame about him.
 She played in the 1950s and 1960s. I wasn't even born yet. She recently passed away due to cancer.
 Unfortunately I do not, only that she became ill and passed away.
 Yeah, the survivors now have problems like anxiety and being scared of the dark.
 Yeah, twice too, that's so crazy.
 That was very nice of them! Did you ever watch the 70s Show? There was a UK remake but sadly it only lasted ten episodes. 
 Great! and you? Isn't it terrible what happen to the Parkland kids? Seems like it's something all the time!
 Ha ha. I was sad to know that most deals on the show Shark Tank or never actually an enacted.
 Yes, I do, but not very often. The cost of playing is prohibitive for me. I don't have a private golf course like Trump, nor am I a millionaire like many of our former presidents.
 I guess that sort of thing is the reason folks talk about "privilege" and how some people can be at a disadvantage if they are not part of the good old boys network.
 But at the same time, I would welcome more parties, it always been  republicans or democrats since 1853.
 Unfortunately, at the Youth Peace Center in Chicago a person spoke of being shot six times in the back of the head. "It was like Iraq", the person said, but he hasn't been in Iraq.
 What a sad day. Also the day of the Parkland, FL shooting. WHat is wrong with people these days?
 I'm sure it's complicated and also a reflection of the broken mental health and social systems as well.  Scary that there are war zones right in America.
 When Chicago's high-rise was torn down that caused gangs to move to other neighborhoods and smaller groups engaged in chaotic block-by-block warfare.
 Growing up without a dad is rough. My dad wasn't around. 
 Yes, people like him make a huge difference.  Ironically, Billy Moore who was in prison 20 years helps and coaches at IMAN to help reclaim lives, but his own son was shot and murdered shot 16 times.
 Very sad. Too bad he couldn't have gotten into sports as a distraction.
 Some young men take precautions and circle their home block several times to make sure nothing seems out of place, before parking.
 There are organizations that are trying to battle the problem as well like IMAN that matches older mentors with young men so that they have father figures. However, there is a wait list to get in the program.
 Yeah they did, poor turkeys they sure suffered a lot, 250,000 defenceless turkeys
 Pretty unfavorable. Unfavorable of the whole republican party, actually. You?
 I agree. Although I wish there wasn't so much divide in the country. This whole red and blue state thing is very stressful.
 Yep. I mean, hasn't been a president without "democrat" or "republican" attached to their name since 1853.
 I remember when it started and was limited to college campuses, it was fun then. Once they started collecting and selling data, it all went downhill.
 It's too much misinformation these days, I wish people would take the time to research something before blindly re-sharing ti.
 I think social media was always headed down this path. The amount of money offered for data collection was probably always going to be too much to resist.
 It could have been used for fun promotions like that Burger King one where you had to unfriend people for a free Whopper.
 It would be neat, but if there were forests, we'd just likely destroy them... sadly.
 Yeah, too bad what we are doing to the earth in this short period. And people need to respect the natural phenomenon and not get too close. Storm chasers shouldn't get too close, they should only appreciate nature and spot storms to warn the public.
 Yeah, but it shouldn't put lives at stake. Even though people died, chasers admit that it has not really knocked any sense into them.
 Oh my gosh. I see this bit.."choreographed as it may have been, it was a stunning display of fervor that evoked chilling reminders of the mass rallies of the Third Reich
 Yeah. I mean when Bambi's mom dies, that made me bawl. I don't think my parents knew what happened and I was inconsolable!
 I remember that game. I was terrible at it and got knocked out by glass joe all the time.
 It feels like a waste that we use so much power to take selfies all the time.  We still call them phones but they ar so much more and are rarely use to make telephone calls.
 It proabably would bring back some civility on the campaign trails. I am not looking forward to 2020. It's going to be a train wreck...
 I am not either. I think it is one of the made up stories from Russia, Like Hillary killing 10 people...
 That's true. The Kennedy's were definitely wealthy. Tragic family, though. Such terrible things have happened to them despite their good fortune financially and politically.
 I think Kanye needs to see a mental health professional, as those around him are not giving him the help he needs. That "dragon energy" bit was bizarre, but he was on to something with that hydrogen power that everyone glossed over.
 Yes that is interesting but almost sad too. I think it's also sad that the president of Indonesia made three pop albums, you think you could use his time better than that
 Hi! I'm just catching up on some reading and saw that Chance the Rapper received backlash for sharing his opinion about not needing to support Democrats. I think that's a little sad that being a public figure, you can't express your opinions without backlash.
 I think you may be right actually. I don't really like seeing them being used for racing.
 I'm sorry, I pressed enter before I was done. I think google just relies on algorithms, which makes them less prone to delivering fake news and more prone to delivering results that are nonsense/content farms. It was interesting to learn that  the tech companies want to avoid being categorized as media companies.
 a desk full of candy? I felt bad for both Kavanaugh and ford.
 She was amazing. I heard her funeral was quite a production. She was carried in the same white cadillac that carried Rosa Parks and her father Rev. CL Franklin
 Right. We could use more like Aretha today
 She was admired by many who came from different backgrounds
 I think it's unfortunate that this controversy overshadowed what should have been a respectful service.
 I wish my job had a candy drawer like they do in the Senate
 I'm sure your job might still have more freedom. Women in the Senate couldn't even wear pants until they protested it in 1993.
 They are all corrupt, in one form or another. 
 Wasn't that the one where people hung nooses at?
 It is a shame that people only judge based on skin deep skin color and find that enough justification for hate and their stupid behavior
 I suppose.  Sorry, I'm old.  I actually remember rotary phones.  
 Cell phones are wonderful but i wonder if we have become too attached to them. It is almost like an addiction for some people. 
 Many parents are also in jail.  In short, two-parent families are becoming more rare. It's sad...
 Yes, it is creepy.  Sounds like Tales from the Crypt
 Haha, yeah right.  Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.
 The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph.
 Actually yes, I have. Two, as a matter of fact. Have you?
 I live on the southern coast. So I stayed through one hurricane and evacuated for another. It's wild!
 It does seem a bit different now a day, I feel like our culture is not concerned enough about family values.
 If they can figure out how to get 3g cell service way up at the top of Mt. Everest, surely they could figure out a better system to use with college!
 I think if kids can see it as fun, it will go along way.  At least find a way to get them away from clicking away at the internet all day, which can actually be addictive.
 It kinda sucks that the president can't even keep the gifts since they are technically dedicated to the US people
 I was so sad that in 1918 World War I battle where 9,000 Americans died and I still can't figure out why.
 I believe so, my point is that, those men are forgotten about., now we as one.
 Yea it is sad. There was a falsely imprisoned man who studied law in prison to prove his inooncence
 That appears to be the working method, get one to flip with some names, get them to flip with some names and so on.  I believe Flynn was the first, but Manafort was sentenced recently too.
 I would imagine you are right.  The nukes gives them bargaining power.  They want to be seen on a equal footing with other world powers.  Difficult to see a way forward, they won't give the nukes and we won't ease sanctions.
 It's not all bad being a politician, did you hear about the congressman that used his staff as personal servants, getting groceries, walking his dog, picking up his clothes.
 It's a difficult position to be, you don't want to do their menial work, but they have such power over you.  It's worse for the interns, they aren't even paid.  
 Sorry to hear it.  I always understood it that dogs were color blind but I guess that is not the case.  I wonder how we know?
 yes poor guy though, he thought he was doing everything right. The first thought I had was that I didn't drink, smoke and I worked out excessively.
 Sadly no, I do not have the time to. What about you?
 Really? I personally have not benefited much from Obama care but I have a lot of friends who have. I guess it just depends, I do not blame you for hating on it.
 Yep. The only US president to ever attain a PHD is woodrow wilson. Sadly, he could not circumvent the treaty of Versailles with that Phd.
 That would be AMAZING. I would love to see Abba. I guess they turned down a billion dollars to do a reunion tour, though.
 That was a horrible business decision on their part. 
 Oh no. I almost feel really bad for MySpace in that case. They became so irrelevant after. 
 Don't worry I tend to tune most things lately, but I was really sad the only candidates will hillary and trump. I can only imagine what would happen if we kept the tradition that the runner up automatically becomes VP. I'm glad we no longer do though
 Of course no one can know the truth of what happened, it's just he said she said.  
 Politics is so difficult right now.  Whoever is in the White House it seems half the country hates them.
 It is so sad that we can't have the same perspective. Always so divided and I might blame it to the news and TV shows. I think we will be better if we promote positive shows like Mr Rogers neighborhood. Love him!
 In person, without cameras, thy are just like you or me.  I think a lot of politics is just performance.  I think much of the Kavanaugh stuff was theater.
 Only walked around it.  We did deliver books to the check point at the front, but I was not allowed any further.
 Yes, I wish the government cared more about saving money these days.
 I agree, its way out of hand! Its too bad the first presidential photograph was with Lincoln and had to have John Wilkes Booth in it.
 I think it's a shame but I also think that it is representative that a lot of Americans only speak one language.
 Exactly! Some presidents can be pretty cool, I guess.
 Would be better than a Trump Pence duo, I think. I mean, right now Pence is the presiding officer of the Senate, which I don't like at all.
 Apparently it wasn't really well received. It was canceled after only 10 episodes 
 Yeah, must be so hard though to go through that in such a public way. The media covering every step you take. 
 I admit it must be difficult to be an actor with the paparazzi following you everywhere and getting no peace at all.
 True.   It is much easier just to ask for a payment plan over time.
 I guess we had to stick to old school methods of person to person information. Maybe it was for the better? The novelty of clicking links can lead to measurable addiction.
 Then again if the star at the center of the solar system went up it wouldn't matter!
 They must measure for inflation! Since we're on the subject of presidents, have you ever heard about Zimbabwe's first president? He was known as President Banana. That's kind of sad.
 I am fearful to say what he will be remembered for. I think it will be a blip on the historical radar... like, we got through those 4 years...
 Yes, its a shame the first photo taken at an inauguration for President Lincoln had John W Booth in it!!
 And here we are, just a little speck in the universe, worried about things like politics.
 I feel the same way, and that hurts to say because I am financially conservative. Although I am socially liberal so who knows... I do want him out. I respect the office so much but these four years have been disappointing.
 I wonder that as well. There is so much ignorance in this country. Do you happen to know who were the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history?
 I can see secret service having to get involved at times too. It would definitely not be Obama/Biden!
 Yes. I felt bad for Pluto.
 Right? I tell my friends all the time, there isnt
 yeah. It seems like evrything is so weird now a days... I do not recognize the country and Im not old...
 Very astute comment on your part. I just get irritated with the bickering and inability to work accross the isle..
 Yes, I hope that we will be able to work together in the near future, but I feel like it will be a while. 
 Well people are people, 40% of people in Alabama still voted to ban interracial marriage in 2000 even though it can't be enforced.
 I don't think that matters, people are voting for chimpanzees, one almost won a mayoral race in Rio De Janiero getting like 400,000 votes.
 Well, in Zimbabwe they elected someone they call, "President Banana"
 I do, although just over half of Americans do.  Sad really.
 I must be horrible for family life, but I don't think family life is in the value of the Ramones. 
 I only hope that they go ahead and stop manufacturing the military-style assault weapons. 
 You don't have to lie, that was a terrible question! I would have loved to learn capitalism that way. I had to learn when my lemonade stand lost all of it's investment due to no one passing my deadend street.
 I was surprised to learn Trump was not on that list. It seems like he should be. Although he has not released his tax returns so who knows...
 I am to some extent! I liked a lot of cartoons that used to air on Comedy Central. Unfortunately they've canceled over 100 shows I believe.
 It was fun for a year or two, and then I moved away.  Where I live has a very bad football team, they are called the Browns.
 I suppose to humiliate the opposing team.  If it were me it might fire me up that the team I'm visiting are so childish.
 You know who did need something to fire them up, Cumberland in 1916, losing 222-0.  I might quit the game after a performance like that.
 Oh, definitely not. It's definitely a privilege to vote. Did you know that 34% of the black male population in Alabama has lost the right to vote? CRAZY.
 Malcolm X once said, the most disrepected person in America is the black woman. That was back in 1962. It's a shame not much has changed.
 Yeah, unfortunately all the organizing efforts seemed to be done by black women.
 Well said. Kimberly Crenshaw said that some black men are attracted to Trump because of his strong patriarchy, instead of being repelled by his racism.
 Yes that was horrible.  He was gunned down while biking!
 And he was so famous - he was popular and compassionate.
 I am great! I heard about that cardiologist who was shot and killed by someone on a bike who had been following him, so sad! It happened in Houston.
 I read about it that.  How did the police catch the killer?
 This doctor was the late President Bush's surgeon.
 Yes, I read that...he must have been a good surgeon. Just out trying to save lives everyday and gets murdered, so awful. At least a witness was there with the victim while he lay there, but he died shortly after. 
 Way too early, this gun violence is just an everyday occurrence these days. Shortly after his death they put up a sign for gun reform and put flowers all around.
 Poor Dumbo he shouldn't be bunched in with the Republicans!
 My son watches so I have seen a lot of them by proxy.
 It's so sad to read about soldiers who were left over in the Korean war
 I can't believe the Korean War is still going on. We need a moment of reconciliation.
 It's sad, and it's sad that some of the remains haven't been identified yet. That would be so hard for the families
 It's been decades since the war so it makes sense that they aren't identifiable. I guess the lesson is not to start wars in other people's land.
 It is kind of sad, it tells a lot about the intellectual capacities that we expect about our leaders. I think nowadays, you need to be a good actor to be president. 
 I is though to bring a candidate, people are less and less interested in democracy, the voter turnout in the US never went over 63% in the last 100 years. 
 "A Turkey in the theater" is what they call a disaster that can't be saved.  That might have been the greatest "turkey in any theater" of all time.
 Yeah. Even Peas and Carrots aren't as big turkeys.  
 I did not know that.
 Wow! That's insane. Unfortunately, the voter torn out in US presidential elections has not been above 62.8% in the last 100 years. People really should vote and it's sad that they don't.
 wow flame throwers on cars sounds intense
 yup, plus I have seen burn victims and their faces and skin always make me sad
 Yeah, those 3 little lines icon.  I'm sad to learn that Gene Wilder died in 2016.  I loved him in Blazing Saddles among other movies. 
 They did not give it a chance!
 I have seen it is passing but would never watch it due to my opinions on Rupert Murdoch.
 I know no news is ever impartial but both Fox news and MSNBC both start from a position and create their output around them.
 I think what is worse is that if you add up everyone that watches the news, it only amounts to a fraction of the bigger majority that spend all their time on Facebook, Netflix and video games.
 He wrote a book titled "Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House". He told staffers he was there to write a book on the first 100 days of the White House transition.
 What was your favorite movie? Well, it was the sleeping beauty movie. Looking back at the childhood days when I watched Sleeping Beauty, I did remember that I kept falling asleep in the middle of the movie.
 I do. I did love that series too. It was the best. It did get canceled though.
 The last thing it heard was 'I'll Be Seeing You' By Billie Holliday. I swear I almost cried. And yeah, that is a good point. 
 I realize it was rough for the band and I they are still touring, so definitely have staying power.
 It was so sad to hear about the Parkland shooting.  Watching the video that was uploaded online is awful.
 Yes it was very sad. I can't believe it happened on February 14th AKA Valentine's Day that sucks
 It said all those videos go viral too, you don't want to see them but you also can't look away, I don't like that
 I've only been to a handful of concerts in my life. Never got to see them live :/ The Ramones beat them, though...touring non-stop for almost 20 years
 I don't really like war but the soldiers who fought during D Day sure were brave. And without their sacrifices the fascist dictators may not have been eliminated.
 I think this is a fair and sad thing.
 Some think he treats our friends like enemies.
 It's a right thing to you say. What is your general opinion about this?
 This is a science-related thing. So everyone thinks that there is little awareness.
 I like any album songs. Specially i like "Bullet." The last single from the second Hollywood Undead album American Tragedy was "Bullet." This song is one of many that proves that Hollywood Undead are more than just a party band. The song is about depression, hopelessness, and suicide.
 I'm familiar with that campaign.  More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 I don't know what's a bigger tragedy, that or the cinematographer Roger Deakins being nominated for an oscar 13 times and never winning.
 I didn't know what the arrow on the gas gauge meant until I was like 30.
 It wasn't discovered until after he died, which is sad
 It's an odd case. It's terribly sad that she just wanted to connect with someone and ended up murdered. 
 You cannot be too careful about reaching out to strangers. Good thing we are such old friends!  One wrong telephone call, snapchat conversation, or facebook frind, and you are worm fodder.
 I agree. Apparently 139 students and teachers have been killed in school shootings since 1999.
 277 have been injured so it has affected the childhoods of many people, even those who were not shot or injured. 
 Yes, reading about Paige Curry, a Santa Fe High School survivor, it seems like kids are expecting the shootings to happen.
 And that's awful. They feel like they are also to blame and that's not right. Kids should be able to go to school and feel safe. 
 Me too! It's crazy to think a kid can plan out horrible events. How did his parents not know he was keeping journals on his computer and cellphone. Those things should maybe be checked regularly. 
 Yes, it's horrible I have deep sympathy for his parents as well, though. I am glad he wasn't able to carry out his plans of suicide, as mentioned in his plans.
 I hope so. It is so sad that children view themselves as potential targets. 
 So very sad. It makes me scared for when my kids need to go to school.
 I have two kids in school. Growing up with shooter drills is commonplace for them. 
 This duality legal at the state level and illegal at the federal level only profits for lawyers. Meanwhile, medical cannabis cannot be advertised to those who need it. 
 I watch TV, on an old plasma screen, they don't make those anymore. 
 Not too much, though it's hard to get away from it these days! Are you?
 It's nice to see though isn't it? Not all governments are only focused on their own country. On the other hand, the U.S. government owns 86% of the land in Nevada, sort of shows where our priorities are.
 That is a bit weird. I also don't understand how the "70s Show" flopped in UK.
 She is hilarious.  There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
 I'm sorry to hear that.  As for me, I am most familiar with Fox, and I think Bret Beier is the most trustable.  But I don't like getting news from any of them.  I have my own other sources.
 I seriously don't think there is anything you can't buy on Amazon now.  Once they start delivering by drone I don't think I'll have to leave the house again.
 I feel bad for those that work in their warehouses, having to walk 7 to 15 miles a day, and not for much reimbursement.
 I do not, I maybe dip in occasionally to see what the current hysteria is, but to me it seems toxic.  Have a good day.
 I think the right teams were there. But I didn't like Maroon 5's performance.  I think they should have gotten a celebrity that would  garner more fame and attention from the crowd.
 i mean people payed for the tickets, plane tickets, accommodation among other expenses which piled up. I think it was worst for the employee who helped prepare for the event since they were never even paid for months
 I am good but I struggle with the state of our democracy and unwillingness to talk to each other.
 I had no idea about that. Our democracy is in crisis and it will be with the benefit of hindsight that we understand the crisis.
 I just want a government that cares about each other and doesn't call each other names. Just be civil!
 I find that sad. If nothing else, just be nice. I mean some of my best friends are of the other party and some of my most despised enemies are of my party...
 I thought that he might be able to read some, but that the police read anything that comes in and won't allow inappropriate mail to get to him.  Either way, I can't believe so many people are drawn to do this.
 Getting older and have a family now, so not as many as I used to.
 That probably was not a good game to watch at all, very painful even to hear about.
 Linkin Park was good yes, very popular. Tragic about the singer. Their album sure was a hit though.
 That sucks! I am assuming it is not a lot to begin with and then to get cheated is terrible. Where do you perform? Do you tour?
 Well, I have heard some of these men and they stink! They should stick to singing in the shower!
 Strange how many basketball players can't manage their money well since 60% are broke after 5 years of retirement...
 I love dramas! I was always a big fan of Jim Carrey when he did comedy but loved him even more when he started doing dramas. It's sad that he doesn't act in dramas anymore as a policy
 To a musician, the only time that really matters is when the lights go down and amps go up according to the article
 Not before today, but he just passed away from Cancer in California in October
 That's unfortunate, apparently Starry Eyes was a good song
 The granny shot is the optimal way to shoot free throws, yet few players use it because it looks completely stupid. 
 Well that's good I guess, but I can't help but feel sorry for James Naismith, the inventor of basketball.  He is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas.  Not a good legacy to leave behind.  
 That's really sad. I heard they are in some legal trouble. News came out this morning.
 I just saw the head line, shook my head, and then moved on. I should read it though because it is criminal charges.
 I do too. It makes me sad that humans can't have anything nice without devolving into a cespool.
 I'm not from this country, when I first moved here I filled out one of those brackets at work, I guessed everything and ended up coming second.  there was no money for second.
 I do recall I was living in teh DC area when lowly George Mason made it to the final four or something, one of the lowest ranked teams to do it.  Suddenly people who had never expressed an interest in the game were devoted fans.
 Almost seems like a modern version of slavery, except people willingly sign up for it.  I guess they all see that golden egg at the end.  
 My understanding is the promised land isn't so great, most NBA retirees are bankrupt not long out of the game.  Have a good day.
 It is a shame, it got cancelled after only 10 episodes so maybe the remake was really bad.
 I think guns are dangerous since people can bring them to things like concerts.
 I agree.  I think gun control issue is the root cause of the problem not the convicter's mental illness
 It was. He passed out after 15 minutes of performing and called it art. He slept for like 2 hours.
 Awe! I love dogs but don't have one at the moment, we traveled pretty far to get our last Boxer but he passed and I haven't gotten another one yet. I remember how close we were and it is still fresh because we were very close....would watch tv together, but I will again one day.
 Yeah, wish I could have seen that!  Sadly, I don't think they're going to tour anymore with Bennington's death.  :(
 nothing about him is intersting
 I'm just a big fan of them.  Plus, they're sadly no longer with us (well, the leader singer anyway) so know I'll never get that chance.  You know they did 324 concerts in 2001 alone.
 I saw Buffett and as a big fan, I was a little sad. Just not in his wheelhouse.
 Yeah. It's getting sad. Did you see that 10% of the TSA called in sick over the weekend?
 Its getting ridiculous. Maybe Michael Jordan can send the Senators a pair of shoes to influence them to reopen government
 That is so sad. I feel sorry for what other nations are going through. Americans are really blessed.
 Trust me it is. I have traveled to different countries and have friends from many other countries and all I can say is the struggle is real. It was nice chatting with you, take care.
 Isn't that sad to know lose can't go past midnight? And it's also sad Australia has banned more video games than China has. I hate censorship!
 I can't believe it took his family like a full four weeks to notice that he somehow blew through over $14,000. 
 I doubt he can get it back, he made the choice voluntarily so he is probably out of luck, the courts could make her pay but that's not going to happen.
 It's so sad that he just "wanted to be loved." That's worse than the money part of the story, in my opinion
 Seriously. Some people were more comfortable if the creativity of the masses was stifled
 Unless you are the one being laughed at. And it's not just some schmoes laughing. It Lewis and Tolkien!
 Agreed. It is interesting that governments are moving toward more authoritarian policies and governments in the last couple decades.
 Did you hear about that homeless veteran of war?
 Yeah he was part of the Marine Corps I think, sad how many veterans end with trauma like his.
 Yeah!! So sad. Do you like Facebook at all?
 I agree, which is sad because i just want to support our own national team. I guess we have college american football which has some cool stats of their own and ESPN who even won an emmy for football content!
 That's crazy considering Facebook's algorithm is pretty much to pander to them for ad money
 Yea it was a crazy world cup, kinda sucks that France ended up winning it though
 It made sense since France had players from each of Europe's top five leagues. They just had the best players.
 Americans don't seem to care too much about soccer. Nobody else even calls it soccer.
 I really wanted to go to the world cup in Russia in 2018.
 Too bad the US didnt make it, its the first in many years, soccer is a sport that makes a lot of money, more than the most popular combined.
 It's too bad tv wasn't around back then to record Georgia Tech destroying Cumberland
 their are fans on both sides so their are always half unhappy
 yeah, so sad when a team loses
 yes, so always some unhappy fans
 For the most part.  He got hired by a British team a few years back, Swansea City, but only lasted a few games before being terminated.  They didn't really give him a chance.
 It's meant to be ridiculously hot there in the summer.  There was talk of moving it to the winter but that would have played havoc with other competitions going on.  America will be  a better place for it than Qatar.
 Perhaps, maybe the are building a new city. It is a shame that the United States has not placed in so many years.
 You know, I think that might be a really good idea. That way, we wold have a much more balanced president and vice president team. They would each have their own ideas, obviously if they were running against each other. One could live in the bigger guest house and the other could live in the white house!
 Jos Roozen seems like quite a guy, a lot of knowledge about plants and gardening indeed.
 I heard that too, he had the equipment needed to house them, it seems like it wasnt an easy task., to bad he died at age 70
 The border tension has been awful and has sadly cost lives as well. All for a wall
 Thats a lot of them, in May 50,000 peoole got arrested crossing the border, 
 Ha! I hear ya. It irritates me that I teach my children to play nice and learn how to work with others and cannot use the US gov as an example of that.
 I do too. I was just telling a friend last night that I think it came from George W Bush's approach to the gulf war and lack of intelligence on Saddam Hussein
 Yeah. But now it's more like intervening so your son-in-law can get national security clearance against the state dept better judgment.
 This whole trump investigation has jaded my perspective on the american political system. It just seems so much different than the idealism I was taught about in school. Maybe that's my naivete
 I agree, The news is so upsetting.
 I think the whole country is!  Just pay people to tell lies in hopes someone will agree with it.
 That is a difficult issue since mistreatment of children is sad and may be comparable to what happened in Nazi concentration camps when you see that  2000 kids were taken from their families 
 Even Trump supporters are against it as the New York Post doesn't support the breaking up of families at the border.
 For sure... I just learned that prior to 1963 it wasn't uncommon for students in the US to be required to read from the Bible in school. 
 That is interesting, I had no idea. What a good idea for keeping them safe from random people not authorized to be there. I remember when the congress was playing the annual baseball game when someone shot at the congressman and hit one. They had to all run and hide anywhere they could.They continue to play baseball each year though. It is still an annual event. 
 there were so many rules that restricted farmers in their work. it does not make any asense, we need them and the food
 I know NASA is planning atrip but it will be one way for the astronauts. You can't change your mind once you are there. I would miss everything here too much and I don't think you can get YouTube there so no TV.
 I am I think they are one of the best bands ever, too bad the leading singer committed suicide, maybe the toll of many concerts made him fall into depression. 
 So sad right, many artists commit suicide in the end. Did you hear about that terrible Creed concert back in 2002
 I have and it's really sad, one of my best friends is from Venezuela and it just breaks his heart watching how things are, no food, no resources, deaths every day.
 So sad, especially considering how he already took down that one newspaper, the Inquirer. 
 It really is a circus. It's like one of Congress's baseball games they play each year, but with real lives on the line.
 The world really is crazy. But sadly, I have to get back to it. Thanks for chatting though. Hope to see you survive your protest in the Philippines! 
 Google can affect elections too by placing search results for desired candidates at the top.  Much more dangerous than Russia!
 No problem, its ok, did you hear about the Valentienes Day killings?
 Yeah they do. Sometimes that almost seems like an addiction. I think that it would do everyone some good to use their imaginations a little. 
 That doesn't surprise me, honestly. But then when he left Cleveland, they sold his posters for $17.14 to reference Benedict Arnold's birth year, sadly.
 Wow! That is a ton! She could join Shark Tank with that kind of money. Ha! Speaking of Shark Tank, did you know most deals made on the shoe are never actually enacted, sadly?
 hey did you know that over 80% of all of earths forests have been destroyed
 That does sound discouraging. I have to admit that I like books I read to go at a relatively fast pace. I tend to get bored if it takes a while to actually reach the premise of the book.
 My concern is that it seems like there are a multitude of side plots that aren't necessarily relevant to the main story. Is the plot supposed to be purely about the race? Or about the suppression of Aboriginal Australians? Or perhaps something else. I definitely enjoy a bit of a side story, but it seems like Peter Carey might spend too much time on spinoffs.
 Yes I do like dramas, Jim Carrey used to be my favorite dramatic actor but he stopped making dramas because he says that they are not positive enough
 They Banned motorized vehicles for 100 years. 
 I did. Very sad. Saw that it killed 29 people.
 Victoria Lake is the grave of 29 people, a real tragedy that involved an overcrowded boat and lots of booze
 Yep! I like that Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to call attention to homeless folks and their lack of shoes. I hear that shoes and socks are things they really need, but don't get donated often.
 It would get bad reviews even if it was great.  Thanks for the chat, you were great. 
 I think they have all the data on us. Between their collection and what they buy from Facebook, we're all doomed. It's too late too. They know everything now. 
 Well, it happened for the recent Champions league losers, Liverpool, and specifically their goalie who made some big mistakes.  People take such things way too far.
 At least it was presumably the end of the season, and he got paid ... likely a bonus just for the game.  I'd go home and lay low for a while.  As long as the coach had my back, I'd be ok.  What about you?
 Yes, thankfully! And also some of his fans have been really supportive. These days though, it's hard not to let a few bad apples spoil the whole bunch. I guess people were threatening him with "death wishes" on social media. That's terrible, poor guy!
 They must have hit rock bottom, I still have some Cd's from them, this happened in 2002
 I'd believe it, especially that a cat named Hank placed third in a Virginia Senate election. I'm not sure people take voting seriously.
 You're right. They say it could be someone who doesn't know what it is they took, an amateur collector or someone who wants to sell it on the black market.
 Yeah the bullet proof glass covers and cages were too late.
 I'd have watched Comedy Central a lot back when I had cable, but for some reason always had a really snowy connection.
 Oh no! If it makes you feel any better, my parents taught me right and I still made mistakes in college. Im still paying for them at 40 years old. I wish I had more discipline.
 fine
 I agree! I wish we could slow everything down. I am guilty of it too. I am always moving and want nothing more than a slower pace of life.
 I think there is too much hatred between them, for anything good  to happen.  It's sad, but that's how it is, now.
 That synagogue shooting in Pittsburgh was horrid.
 Trump was right when he called it a "vile, hate-filled poison of anti-Semitism".
 I believe they did.  But like Trump also said, "you can't allow them to dominate what we do".
 I agree, Very sad to see a child not have a normal childhood. 
 It is sad. Been nice chatting with you. Have a nice evening.
 Yes.    There will probably not be a sequel though, since Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more.
 Yeah it is, the hits to the head can be devastating. 
 I am not sure that I would take that money knowing what some of them are going through now. Plus their retirement health care is not good.
 There is definitely is no structure right now. 
 At this point in our politics you're either on their side or you are worthless to them.
 Not smart. There's only one blockbuster left in the US.
 I have never been around a more polite bunch ever.   It's like being constantly thanked by people who are all speaking Martian.
 That would make for a great morning commute! I wish the US had systems like that. 
 Very true. It seems like it's very common for people to be less caring for others and more concerned with themselves. Like they've been taught that kindness is a weakness or something! I don't understand it, personally.
 Me too....it makes it difficult sometimes to be a decent person when it seems like there are so many other people who don't care to take advantage of others. 
 It is a real tragedy depression can really play a trick on your mind, he was the actor who started the trend of voices in animated films so he really left a legacy behind
 Yeah me too, that is a great thing, sad to think some people don't have access to clean water.
 So who would that be.  I currently live in North East Ohio, the glory times of the Cavaliers would appear to have sailed with Lebron moving west.
 I agree. My ex had a degree in marketing but got attracted to being a teacher so went back to school. She put in 12 hour days and earned only half of what she made prior.
 I think that most teachers take it as a calling. It is difficult to read about the 52 year old mother that can't provide for her sons 
 Yes. I guess some states take education more seriously than others do. Education is the pathway to a better life but they don't seem to get it.
 That's anticlimactic lol. I was hoping he had a banana cartel and was rich like the 3 wealthiest US presidents JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
 Wow! That's crazy... Only 7% of people read the full terms when buying stuff on the internet. I am one of the 93% though...
 Im not either. It hurts a lot of the american businesses too.
 When I was on there I almost only looked at people's profiles. I have nothing to add and I hated to brag about stuff I do with photos.
 I avoid Chuck E Cheese at all costs.  I come out it with a headache.
 It all light, noise and screaming kids running this way and that.  For me it is about as far away from entertainment as you can get.   
 I think there is a huge difference in quality between Thomas and Pokemon.  Thomas was made to entertain, While I feel Pokemon was made to sell stuff.
 That's too bad. It seems like sadly baseball is a dying sport in america. I think more people are getting interested in soccer or football. 
 I have not, I wish!
 I don't watch them that much either, I find that they seem to be so doom and gloom. I'd rather focus on the positives in life.
 Yes I have, I have not visited it in a while. I find that I have less free time for video games these days.
 I do. Sully made me cry at Bush's funeral
 Yes I couldn't even look at pictures of that to be honest. I kept seeing it pop up and would scroll quickly. It was too heartbreaking. They are very loyal animals. 
 It was heartbreaking to watch him lay at the foot of the casket.
 Yes it definitely was. Apparently he had not had him very long. They obviously formed a quick bond. It's touching.
 Its sad how Sully, Bushs dog lies by his casket, breaks my heart.
 Somehow he seemed to understand what was going on.  I wonder who has the dog now?
 I bet that he still misses Bush, I saw a movie where the owner of the dog died and the dog waited until it died, it was based on a true story, so sad. 
 Maybe a better president could change that. Did you know the US president's guest house is bigger than the White House?
 I wish the GOP nominated another person. It's a shame there hasn't been a non republican/democrat president since 1853
 Yeah the show has a lot of fans, their voices were heard via social media in less than an hour after the news were announced
 I feel that the sometimes people just cancel the best shows
 I do! I try not to read too many Earth facts because they're depressing, more than 80% of Earth's forests have already been destroyed.
 I feel two is a bit easier because they kind of entertain each other when I can't but yeah, four is a lot! I think it's important to teach our kids about taking care of the Earth. If earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans only represent a minute or so.
 Interesting. Too bad it has backfired and made many Americans, like me, quite lazy.
 I like the Stephen kings movies with his children You should watch him?
 That's what the article said. But if they don't want them to socialize then why don't they have a rule that football players have to leave if a cheerleader comes in! I wonder why they have tracking chips to record players movements? What do they do with that information?
 no i dont  watch baseball much. I am more of a simpsons viewer
 yes might have a huge impact on health later It is like abusing the kids
 in most states highschool pitchers can throw upto 120 pitches at most..  800 is just too much 
 I have trouble following along in football but the superimposed yellow line helps me out a bit. ESPN won an emmy for it.
 Well I never did a personal inspection but I'd put money on it.  I know I'm in a minority but I never liked Sesame Street on television.
 It's just a very basic kids cartoon.  Basically it is selling the Pokemon cards.  I's very many degrees below the level of The Simpsons.
 That is sad.  In Turkey Oscar is called Kirpik and he lives in a basket. 
 I know, right? What gets me is Pokemon has over 750 episodes yet the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes. That's kind of sad, really!
 Oh yeah, I remember that. To add insult to injury, the car he was driving became a key part of an NCAA investigation that I think led to a suspension.
 Though I know a lot of teams were hesitant to draft him.  He went to Bosnia for a bit, but most teams were really interested in his problems at Kansas.
 Very true!  It's so predictable honestly!
 Yeah, I'd watch just to see them do the strange looking shots! I wonder why people aren't more into women's sports. Reggie Miller's sister constantly outperformed him when he was in high school
 One problem though is that the constant novelty from clicking links online can cause real addition problems with people's brains.
 While I understand that he did wrong, I feel that sometimes the audience lets the most recent events define people rather than his entire career. I mean many seemed to forget that despite receiving a lifetime achievement prize for his many years of work, he was discourage from attending the red carpet due to public backlash as you mentioned.
 I think I did something like that with eBay.  I'm still one of the 93% that don't.  
 And that's why they have become an invasive species on some islands. Seems like a nice thing to do but it kills the native plants.
 Super stoked to hear this reiterated in someone presumably much younger than me - I don't possess the time, energy or effort anymore to call a spade a spade and am staring down the barrel of late life, so please accept my sincere apologies on behalf of my generation for what we were too busy working to pay the bills to take up and tackle. In the interim, let's be grateful it's still legal to drive a car on our highways. 10/10 recommend the movie Somewhere In Time which was filmed there with Christopher Reeve. 
 Apparently she cried when she left.
 I don't know, but our natural resources are disappearing. Earth will be helium-free at the end of this century.
 It would be good if the President in Government had to be competitive!
 That is crazy I bet Lincoln didnt see that coming, too bad he betrayed him and killed him.
 I believe it's about $1500 a share.  I'm sure it's down since the market has been down a lot lately.
 I am not sure. I do not think it was around long enough for anyone to watch...
 I believe that Pokemon Go was trending in the year of 2015? I stopped playing the game because a guy was shot in the head out of nowhere as he was looking for Pokemon in the middle of San Francisco.
 Did you know that YouTube and Netflix makeup half of the internet traffic in North America?
 No, that's pretty sad the White House still wastes money on floppy disks
 That's almost as crazy as the Indonesian president releasing 3 pop albums while serving as president. Goes to show someone's priorities aren't in order.
 I lease a car but I do not own a car and I don't care too much for cars. I am very interested in sociopolitical events, though, and I am deeply saddened to hear of the news that Detective Jacai Colson was killed under friendly fire. Did you hear about this?
 Yes, he was responding to a shootout with a black man who had a slightly similar build. The officer who shot him, Taylor Krauss, was white and apparently worked near him and probably should have recognized him. It's so sad, and unfortunately too common nowadays.
 That's a really good point. How long is the training for each--do you know? And yes, a lawsuit was filed after criminal charges were dismissed. It's a tough situation to be in for sure, because you have to make snap decisions about whether or not someone is friend, foe, or neutral, but it's really terrible to think that this happens so disproportionately to people of color.
 An undercover detective holding his badge and shouting "police, police" was shot and killed by police in Maryland.
 Cat-like reflexes, trained to perform at the highest level, equipped with the finest weapons and trained to distinguish between friend and foe...did this to a fellow law enforcement professional. This is dangerous work with genuine risk. My hearts go out to all involved. Were there flame throwers involved? If this was South Africa, cars can legally be equipped with those.  Talk about deterrent!
 After they survived WWI, where they had to make foxhole radios out of pencils and razor blades to avoid death, these heroes return only to die of atherosclerosis from easy access to drive-thru menus. Ironic, would you say?
 I think he had good ideas but his manner is so abrasive that he won't get anything done. Like with his inauguration it is an honor but no one wanted it when it came to the entertainment. 
 It is terrible. I hope that we can start working together for a better future for our country before it is too late. 
 I know creed didn't. They were too busy in court getting sued by their fans.
 I believe that is in Manila and is a slum. Many of the residents live in 50-square-foot shacks which I cannot imagine. 
 I'm not sure but it started with a simple idea when Reed Hastings got a $40 late fee on his VHS copy of Apollo 13.
 Google will be a tough engine to overcome. I wish I could use YouTube more effectively. It seems like others use it better than I do. And I don't mean watch cat videos...
 I always think about families gathering around the radio to listen to the sundays show. Now I can't get my 7 year old of the iPad...
 And it sucks that he was just trying to do a good thing by helping a drunk guy home. He didn't even commit a crime.
 I do have an account. I liked both of those too. I heard they canceled those though so I am not excited to finish the seasons...
 They did? thats sad news for me and to think Netflix got started with a late fee and an angry man.
 yeah. Too bad Blockbuster didn't buy it. They may still be around.
 I have, I like it, too bad the series got cancelled.
 I agree.  Too bad it was discontinued in September 2003 in Japan.
 ha no, i wont watch it either sounds a bit dark
 I can see that. I feel saddened about it because I trust no one on the internet. I always assume my data will be breached too.
 That is so sad considering we humans would only represent a minute and seventeen seconds if we viewed its history as a 24 hour period. And we've already destroyed so much it.
 We are a very destructive race. Hopefully, governments will make policy to change that.
 That's a very good question. I suppose it's the money! After all, football has come a long ways since the 1960s when the top bowlers made double what the top football players made. That is just sad considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is!
 So true. All the while getting exposed by Wikileaks for putting a plan in place to destroy Wikileaks. How sad and ironic!
 I was reading about how the government is trying to process so many, I feel that it is nice to know Mexico is helping these migrants with a shower and food when they get to the border and even fresh clothes. They can stay in tents. I can't imagine. 
 Oh dear. I read about that, I suppose just attempting to bathe is a luxury for them. Some of those people are there for months sometimes. I wish I was wealthy I would make shelters for people in and out of America.
 Exactly! These people bed down on soggy wet blankets in muddy areas for months and people who make billions a year could change so much. Hopefully the President and Government will do what they can, but won't hold my breath lol. I read about a man who impersonated a government official in France and sold the Eiffel tower...twice....How does that happen!
 Maybe the other team never played football against a real team, the sport was somewhat new at the time. I would feel bad about the game even if i was on the winning team. 
 I think probably. I wish our government was a bit more apt to work together like Norway's. 
 Maybe so, but Trump and the people around him have done things in the past that were skirting on illegal, like the Trump charity fund that he had pulled money out of to fund his campain, or paying off different porn stars to silence them
 Politics is just like a game.  Whoever has the best trick will win the game eventually.  That is way I am not much interested in politics 
 Interesting. I do know the courts have been putting more pressure on limiting voter cards so that might work.
 I wish more counties would follow their lead. If nothing else, just stay in the paris accords...
 Haha, yeah, I get it. It's pretty unavoidable. I don't like the negativity either so I don't voluntarily see it out. There is a lot of misinformation out there as well.
 Yeah, according to one poll, 66 percent of people say that news media doesn't do a good job in separating facts from opinions. In 1984, only 42 percent of people thought this.
 I've always followed the government closely. Unfortunately it's become a reality show lately so it's been even easier to follow. Ha - Assange is never getting out of Ecuador.
 Did he really? Wow! He was a true warrior! Much more of a model citizen than Harry Truman who refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride at Disneyland as he didn't want to be associated republicans back in 1957! That is sad! It was just a ride!
 Well, I like the Eagles but they are out of the playoffs sadly.  
 Yes her husband actually wanted an open marriage, sadly he passed away back in 2011
 Hey! Did you hear that actress Charlotte Rae passed, she was the house mother on the factss of Life, so sad.
 I know, me too. She had a long life and a great career. She must have been pretty happy to make it that long. She beat pancreatic cancer but then got bone cancer, so awful!
 Exactly! That is sad. She did open up about why their marriage ended but it took her a quarter of a century to say anything about it. It must have been healing to talk about it.
 He was? I guess he was a man of many talents too bad how he died, and its been great chatting with you as well, have a nice day. 
 Hello,  did you know humans have a defective gene and cannot produce our own vitamin c?
 As long as the guy doesn't ban Christmas trees like Teddy Roosevelt did in the White House.  I happen to like them.
 That's very commendable of Norway to do that, it's sad to think how some people don't believe in the changing climates or at least want to preserve natural resources especially when you have noble countries like Norway already setting the precedent. 
 My brother-in-law just lost his manufacturing job because of the trade dispute, his company sold medical devices to China, but the Chinese are now buying from Europe.
 It's tough being President, so many hard choices to make, and different groups to please.  I suppose thats the nature of the job.
 The candidates are already positioning themselves for a run at the White House.  The Presidential race is going to be very tense.
 I think that is kind of sad, but it tells you the power of just looking like an government official. 
 Yes, they are different, for sure.  But, anyway it kind of makes me feel bad for the cats.
 I suppose they're saying black people should play basketball not hockey, but really?  Sad
 It seems like those countries censor Netflix and other websites though so that is sad.
 They use so much bandwidth, and from 9 pm to 12 am account for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America. I contribute to that. Ha.
 I usually only watch Netflix, but some broadcast tv. I miss going to Blockbuster! They were offered to buy Netflix but declined.
 I do remember that feeling. I miss those days. These days everyone is glued to their phones.
 Well this one was not that fun to read!
 Wait, yours is about rapping? Mine is about the killing of a black man by two white men for dating a white woman!
 Yes I've heard about Timothy Coggins.
 Agreed! I cannot imagine this happening in Chicago, where I'm from, now.
 I know it's not much, but they kept on pursuing this case until they finally got the killers years later. There is some solace in that I guess.
 That's a ncie perspective to have. I'm going to concentrate on the factual sections so I don't ruin my day... Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.
 Wow! That has to sting when you invented the sport. 
 That's incredibly sad when it's college coaches because they means they are state employees. That's way too much emphasis on athletics above all else. 
 Wow, I didn't know that.  I would love to travel to Hawaii.
 Oh really.  I didn't realize that.  
 Haha, yeah the visitors.  No doubt.  Guess it's a slap in the face to the other team.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
 I feel sad when I realize that sometime in the near future, there won't be any unconacted tribes left in the world. 
 Yeah ESPN is political now; I don't like it.
 I know people have strong opinions, but to direct it at a boy scout seems to go a little too far.
 I fell bad for the owner of Nichols Hardware, all this attention due to something they had no control of
 In this case the internet acts as judge, jury and executioner.  Sometimes the details are a little more subtle.
 Every day for work and leisure. If it disappeared, I don't know what I would do! Well, I guess I could pick up a copy from the Library of Alexandria
 I love that trilogy! I always have the best intentions of watching it once a year, all three episodes on a saturday but I end up falling asleep watching it.
 Never been much of a dancer to tell the truth, nor do I like these shows like Dancing With the Stars.
 Yes its mostly chance. the biggest outcry of female elimination was after the exit of Tinashe, a talented dancer. A lot more was eliminated nut the elimination favored some set as they get to appear in other shows like Bachelor in Paradise.
 I probably will one day.  I'm still very old fashioned, I still listen to the radio, I suppose I'm a technophobe to a degree.
 I don't mind dancing in private, I'm just not good enough to do it in public.
 We once took lessons when we were getting married, can do a waltz, but would sooner people weren't watching.
 True.  I hope other countries don't see all women like Marge and Men like Homer.  Or use their clothing styles as examples of our US clothing styles.   
 Wow, that's amazing! I didn't know that. I remember hearing about Stan Lee's death while listening to the radio that day, so sad he was a comic book legend!
 It was very sad. He created so many iconic characters. I heard that he ended every phone call with "excelsior!"
 They do have some gender issues though. I was so surprised to see that the New Oleans Saints make their cheerleaders leave a restaurant in a player comes in, but not the other way around. 
 Im not sure, he did kill five people but think he was alive as he is considered the suspect of the crime
 No apparently it was a personal thing, sad how 17 school shottings happened in the year, thats one per month
 Some crazy people want to be famous. You are probably right that the media gave too much attention to this type of events.
 I know! I feel really good and then something like that comes around to make me feel old. That and music award shows. I have no idea who any of those bands are...
 That's funny. I work with high schoolers and I am lost on what they are talking about.
 Yeah, that would be great, literature is getting lost and great authors like Cs Lewis and Tolkien are getting forgotten.
 Yeah. I bet they have long area codes in places like Alaska. Nowadays people use their phones too much. I think it might be better if people talked to each other more.
 I was more into sports as a kid and hated reading but now I regret that immensely.
 As a member of the miltary, I was forced to read Ender's game.
 Yeah. I can see someone getting messed up being in a seriously disturbing film. I guess that happened with Jim Carrey and Andy Kaufman when he did that film.
 I wasn't aware of that but it makes sense. You know another crazy fact is back in 2011, a third of all divorce filings in America actually contained the word Facebook. That is sad, really!
 I guess we can't change how our minds work, but it is still a shame that after all the shooting and all the protests, nothing really has come of it
 Yes, very close.  I still have not run into Mark Zuckerberg just yet.
 Oh that is unfortunate for greenland and quite ironic given the name. Then again it was named greenland so people would attach it thinking it was bountiful instead of iceland which actually was
 I do have a "phone" but like you, i never use the phone. I actually hate getting phone calls. It's mostly spam calls.
 Yeah,  I hope they have support classes!
 I never like to see the same team when all the time so even if the Yankees are winning I am more excited by a team that almost never wins the championship
 This is one of those rummors I had heard about prior to Hannibel Burress and it made me so sad. This and the Clippers owner being racist were both really sad. 
 Agreed. I was shocked at the amount of allegations against Cosby. 
 Yeah. Reminds me of the Michigan St Dr, Dr Nasar...
 It was the best. Even when the cartridges didn't work right. Hard to believe it has been 16 years since they discontinued them. 
 It makes me sad that he's changed. I always found his program super entertaining. 
 hahaha, yes, you are right. I guess, one gets pretty nervous, I wonder if that makes you make mistakes that you shouldnt. More with the Torontos police, I guess they are as rigorous as all the other police.
 No. I would end up cutting my finger off trying to turn the channel.
 Yep I heard about that it makes me sad. Especially this mccarrick guy, he's been accused by a lot of people of molestation when they were kids
 That is very sad. Almost as sad as the inventor of the dial phone, who was an undertaker.
 Oh, I'll tell you an even more unbelievable fact, Abba turned down $1 billion to do a reunion tour of only 100 concerts. It's like that is sad because it's such easy money!
 Yes, it seems like Pope Francis does want to change this since there was a meeting about the sexual abuse crisis. They should not be above the law.
 You are very angry at Hillary. That's sad.
 I think angry people should lose their jobs first. Sometimes Marines get PTSD which makes them angry.
 So many want to not kill babies..but in the name of war will. Hope you find some happiness and have a great rest of your day.
 Priorities. Rich and successful people go to everest all the time. So they get service.
 I did. I remember that show. Scott Stapp got drunk, passed out on stage after 15 minutes and then got sued. He later called it performance art.
 I guess Imagine Dragons was just voted as worst band ever. Such haters in this world!
 Haha, I agree.  Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in house
 Wow, that's crazy.  Jon hamm taught drama at his old high school. one of his students was ellie kemper, erin from the office.
 The Office was a pretty good show.  After racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13, reed hastings was inspired to start netflix
 Wow, that's unbelievable.  I use it.  
 I really love friends but in my house with kids it is a lot of cartoons so main pokemon, power rangers and thomas the train. 
 Yea, it's hard to find anything funny anymore
 Yea, last time it was on I flipped the channel to Evan Almighty, which happens to be the most expensive comedy ever made
 They canceled on here in wisconsin for madden payoffs. I loved going to play in those
 Hi! I feel bad for the Madden tournament organizers like Robin Harn after the Jacksonville shooting. I can't imagine how bad they felt!
 Hi, security measures sure cost a lot but are necessary to protect the lives of the attendees.
 In Jacksonville? That was awful
 Just a little.  Perhaps you heard about an incident a little while back in Florida where some gunman opened fired in a tournament killing 2 people.  So sad that something turned into something tragic.
 Unfortunately, it doesn't seem that bigger college programs were interested in Marshall.
 Hopefully larger colleges and the NFL realize his talent as time goes on.
 yeah for a little... did you hear that they had a chance to buy facebook for 75 million back in 2005?  Dummys!
 EXACTLY!  We have truly become a narcissistic nation and it's sad and nobody really realizes and Facebook does not help!
 Maybe, though he is a little young.  I am amazed that none of the big colleges have offered him a scholarship, with the kind of talent he has shown.  It is quite sad really.
 I beleive he is a high school senior, so probably around 17 or 18.  Which is why it is too bad colleges haven't recruited him.  This will be his last chance at getting noticed palying football when he graduates.
 Maybe because the players are who the fans come to see?  I do think it seems archaic in a league that has no rule against a woman actually playing. 
 Yeah, I think I may just sign up for that. It's sad to think how some people don't have access to clean water
 I guess Elmo does need protection like everyone else. The first woman in 1916...that is insane. AND she didn't even have the right to vote...
 Yeah. Us men can be morons. See Me Too...
 I think they do, I'm not sure... yeah - they earn quite a lot... its insane when You compare that to what we earn... quite depressing :)
 Yeah I agree. And another kid asked if he ever thought about quitting the sport and he said he honestly did, but he has to provide for his family so he doesn't. He said he was just exhausted.
 Half of the league's 12 teams are losing money.
 Some of the players only make $39,000.
 Right, and that it is good to have a backup plan. After five years of retirement, 60 percent of players are broke.
 I had heard that he studied various arts but I am very surprised to learn that he was a dancer. He could have done so much more. He had raw talent. 
 I'm sure it is. I knew there had to be a bit of a trick to that. I feel bad for ballet dancers feet. They go through 4 pairs of shoes per week!
 It's tough to have good comprehension. I'm not a fan of poetry. Seems like neither is CS tolkien since he held a "you laugh you lose" poetry competition with tolkien.
 I watch them because I love my wife. I do not enjoy them.
 But they're so good. Does he know what he is missing out on?
 His sister is worried and the last time she talked to him he didn't seem like himself.
 Right. Today, almost all aspects of religion have been eliminated from schools, everything from removing references in the pledge, to plaques referencing religion. A lot of moden day curriculums don't even teach about different religions.
 It seems negligent not to teach students about large swaths of history, such as is learnt from religions, particularly the Bible. It teaches a lot of history that is interesting and important. 
 Exactly, but instead shows like Pokemon have hundreds of episodes and people send flowers to the creators of South Park, because that is what is popular on television I guess.
 That's a crazy thought. A lot of kids literally don't know life before Pokemon! I miss the old days of radio dramas, it left so much more to the imagination than television does.
 Wow! That was very nice of them! So we're you a fan of 70s Show? There was a UK remake I wanted to see but it only lasted ten episodes, sadly. 
 Ha! That is a good point as they certainly won't! But speaking of the earth, it's sad over 80% of our natural forests have been destroyed. 
 I did not know that. I remember that pittsburgh shooting. It was so sad.
 There was a shooting at a synagogue where people were hurt and killed including police.
 I remember the incident but I do not recall all of the details. I remember thinking of the night club shooting in Orlando when it happened though. These are getting tiresome.
 Yeah. He needs to come out really strong against this sort of thing. I remember his tepid response against the Virginia shooter. It was not good. 
 Just hire the best person. I find some of that tiresome too. 
 This past presidential election really jaded the presidency for me. I used to have so much respect for the office.
 I think she's smart...there's probably a reason why she did that. I definitely think she could have handled the job of the President. 
 I understand your point. Being the president is such an important role. I wish we could have added her to the list of U.S. presidents.
 Oh wow! I'm so sorry to hear that! But I had no idea they could adapt a car to a left foot! It's amazing that you can do anything with your left foot! My left foot is like my left hand, useless. Haha
 Hi. Sometimes although I watch more Netflix nowadays. I used to love the Shark Tank but most of the deals aren't even enacted!
 You must close your eyes and still see Facebook blue.  We'll all probably use it more and more, I hear Iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution.
 Its sad to see people destroy their hometown after such a momentous occasion
 It seems such a waste all the internet and compute power that we spend on games and just fooling around.  Like Netflix and Youtube make up half of the internet peak traffic in North America.  Just think if all that power was spent, say, like curing cancer.  
 Yeah the same one, a real tragedy, hopefully something can be done about this im sick of all the gun violence in the country
 And she didnt die right away, so sad when she told her mother ''Momma, Im shot. Call the police'' that just broke my heart.
 I think that would be fun :)  On a tragic note, how sad it was that a girl who recognized gun violence in her neighborhood and wrote about it actually became a victim to it.
 Her mother was so sad, she said that her chest felt like a boulder is smashing down on her heart.  What a wonderful girl her teen must have been.  So sad...
 Yeah I will catch you later man going to go put money in the GoFundMe.
 The police were searching for him as he was wanted as a murder suspect. He found the cops one night and ambushed them.  But in the end, after more than a dozen bullets flew, Bennet was fatally shot! 
 They were hunting him because he murdered his girlfriend in the presence of their 3 year old daughter. So terribly sad. I heard about it over the radio. Do you like listening to the radio?
 Oh my goodness! That is super scary as a mother. I can not imagine how they feel. I know the journey to America is dangerous and difficult for the mothers and children.
 It doesn't matter, my team the Jaguars didn't even make the playoffs this year: (
 Alex Smith is a brilliant person.  too bad he suffered a horrible injury recently
 I found out that Cooper had to quit football before his college career due to spinal stenosis. Who knows how great he could have been.
 There are so many concussion injuries that lead to long term brain damage. I think more could be done for the former players as well as current ones in the ways of medical support. Especially since if they don't get endorsement deals they aren't really bringing in tons of money. 
 It is a shame that there was only 1 governor to oppose the internment of japanese americans during wwii
 Yes, that is a very dark period of our history. I think a lot of governors now are more open to disagreeing with the federal government.
 No, I didn't know that. I guess it makes enough sense considering they aren't supposed to be out of the water. I'm betting a human took them out of the water and discovered that fact. Sadly. 
 Yeah it would be easy to confuse a human with a seal. So man sharks are tortured in the name of Shark-fin soup. I hope humans become more aware of their suffering and do more to stop it. It's neat that they are closely related to rays!
 I think college students brains haven't fully developed and so there is more potential for poor life choices like excessive drinking
 Yes, I think they give a lot of training to students. It's up to the students to make the money. Even students who aren't in fraternities and sororities make poor choices in college.
 Oh no I hold the students accountable.  They are ultimately the ones who make the choice
 So I guess everyone just has to do there part to work together and realize that people will enevitbly make a choice whether it be right or wrong and we have to be there to help in anyway we can
 yes, it is harder for some to know that too I think.  They are more prone to drinking excessively. 
 That is true.  I wonder why that is?  We see the problem but no one seems to be addressing it.  Whether it be parents, the students, or colleges.
 You are probably right and they are wanting them to have a good time in college and make friends.  
 Sorry, I realize I already mentioned that. I like light fiction novels that can get my mind off of things. I wish I was more into football. But it just doesn't catch my attention, as it only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 I think it comes down to win or be fired. Few fans are loyal to a losing team. Today there is much more alternative in entertainment, in 75 someone wrote a short story about the last Super Bowl being played in 2016, because of the popularity of other form of entertainment. 
 I don't know, the NFL is quite strict with its TV rights. You can't post games on the web. 
 I concur.  It is not worth it all.  
 I am a bears fan. It's a curse. Like knowing the avg NFL game only has 11 minutes of play.
 Maybe although football leads to a lot of injuries like concussions. It is not the safest sport out there,
 Yeah, that is to be expected. It is probably a very stressful profession.
 I liked it  a lot when I was younger and always went to my high school games. But now tickets are so expensive!
 I did too this year. I don't like it too much when the same teams win all the time. I would think the NFL wouldn't want that either. Maybe the underdogs should get some glory every once in a while.
 Right, the teams with the money always have the advantage. Same in baseball but I don't know if it holds true in basketball.
 Nope I don't like it. I hope that not all teams are that way. I wonder why I've never heard about that before. Those poor cheerleaders
 Yeah, Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort was found guilty the same day. Boh involved tax fraud and fraudulent loan documents.
 Yes, I do wonder how the barn could just be left behind like that. It's sad to think that we made cars faster and more efficient but these days there are many more accidents than there were when cars were first invented.
 Some people aren't so lucky to have a hero like Burch, or sometimes there isn't even a chance since they die instantly.
 It's hard not using their cell phone, but I could if I knew kids could have clean water if I didn't
 I'll never forget that 109-yard touchdown in the last Ravens Super Bowl. We definitely didn't get a moment like that this year.
 Yeah, with 800 billion in revenue I doubt they were telling the truth.
 Yes he does and it is wrong. I guess these rival groups of security guards couldn't resolve their differences in a civil manner and police got involved in this mess.
 I mean, that's a really valid excuse. I am not sure that would have helped me in high school though.
 I agree with you. He said that you won't do dramas anymore though. It does not project enough positivity apparently
 All that power on our phones and what do we do, take selfies and post on Facebook.
 I did a big thing of jambalaya and jalepeno corn bread. It was just my family. Turns out none of them wanted my cajun food and I ate it by myself.
 I agree with that. So many stray dogs starve, It would be nice if we could do more to help them. After all, they help us in so many ways like hunting, protecting us, pulling loads, etc. It's the least we could do in return.
 Yes, and sadly, this new spirit dissolved a few years later when a new alumni board said they wouldn't be giving anymore money to Cardoza students.
 It seems that some people just did not want to let go of the old, segregated spirit of their school, which is sad.
 It is really sad. I believe the reporter that followed this story kept in touch through the alumni mailing list and noticed more and more consisted of a large amount of obituaries.
 I feel for the Iranians, but I would wish to trade places with them.  We definitely have problems, but hopefully revolution isn't around the corner.
 I know right, and then theres the wall...... at least we have it better than Venezuela, they are living the worse crisis in the history of their country
 Yeah, and they can't desseminate this information through the tv so they rely on social media  lot.
 I hope not. I think marijuana is much less harmful than beer and alcohol, and even beneficial to some people's health.
 Me too. I cannot understand music now a days. I think I am too old...
 Yes, I have had to call 911 before, sad to say.
 How long did you play "Pokemon Go". I've tried once for about 20 minutes, but didn't really enjoy it.
 I used to be. But I've noticed that now I don't understand all humor. Maybe I'm getting older. How about you?
 That's too bad but not everyone is into it. Maybe bowling is for you, the top bowlers in the 1960s made more than professional football players
 I'm more an Eagles fan, but not proud of the fact they needed a temporary court set up at their stadium for six years due to fan behavior.
 Too bad it was in 1916 so there was no tv to watch Georgia Tech give that beat down
 It's a shame that Alex Smith suffered such a gruesome injury.
 It might affect his career in that he might not be able to play again. Luckily he was able to make some serious money before this happened.
 That would be a great find! Unlike walking into Iowa's visiting locker room to find pink walls.
 Why can't we harken back to the days when bowlers made way more money than football players? That's a sport I'm semi-good at!
 i dont believe in the electoral college and the way trump and other presidents are put in office 
 That must be a shocker and difficult to not be with families
 I cannot imagine how difficult it is to have to only communicate to your parents by phone and not give them a hug.
 Right! Children and even adults never stop needing their parents, so it has to be so hard!
 I just read that the US had a good team in 1930 and took 3rd place. Yikes we have not done so well the last 75 years!
 Yep.  I guess money goes a long way.  FIFA has been investigate by US authorities and some of its recent officials have gone to jail.
 Yes.  The FIFA World Cup is such a massive event, many countries want to host it to promote their nations, even if it makes the country no money.
 Exactly. There's also a definite jealousy factor. I wish the early 2000s Eagles had been able to have been as dominant. We made the playoffs a lot but could never capitalize.
 Andy Reid and McNabb really made a good duo for us. Unfortunately they had to move on as it got a little stale in the end. I still find myself rooting for Andy in KC.
 My ideal matchup would have been KC versus New Orleans. I would not have been upset if either of those two teams won. What a horrible call that was in the New Orleans game.
 I could not believe what I was watching. I think I was just as upset as a Saints fan probably was. I wish they had some recourse to overturn that decision but the NFL would never allow that.
 Wow, that's interesting.  The author of a games of thrones called the new england patriots the lannisters of the nfl
 I don't follow at all.  I think that it was bad luck that Alex Smith broke two bones though.
 That's soooo messed up. Because it doesn't work the other way around. They are also only allowed to say certain phrases to them after a game, like "good game." The players can do what they want and the onus is on the cheerleaders to disengage :(
 They definitely have a short-term lifespan. Despite the enormous salaries some have, on average an engineer makes more in a lifetime than most star athletes do.
 It's crazy that a standard NFL game typically has roughly 11 minutes of actual gameplay.  So a lot happens in a short period of time on their bodies.
 I do think they are making attempts at prioritizing safety.  For example, they have chips that monitor every movement of the players and ball to better understand the game.  Maybe those will yield better and safer ways of dealing with the violence inherent in the sport?
 Thanks for the chat. As an FYI, you might want to brush up on the guidelines before you do your next hit to ensure you meet the criteria for payment.  We are supposed to only discuss the reading content, etc.
 This year's Super Bowl certainly lacked the excitement of the past two year's games.
 It seems like the musical performers have gotten lower in quality over the years.
 I think that any team that achieves that much success is going to draw the ire and jealousy of everyone else. Once you add in a few rules being bent, the comparison really fits.
 I find that so hard to believe considering how much players get paid.  I am sad that the season only lasts for 17 weeks.  I wish it was longer.
 I have always felt players are underpaid to be honest. Cheerleaders though, that is another story
 Hi, I'm fine. Still hard to believe Stan Lee is dead. I know he was 95 but just thought he'd be around forever.
 It was and it was also just bad luck that he was injured. Then he unfortunately had an infection in the hospital that complicated matters. 
 I did know that.  It would be interesting seeing a female play football.  
 He had never thrown  more than 30 TDs in a year before 2007, but that year he threw for a record 50!  If this is any indication, if he ever does eat strawberries, he will probably eat a whole bushel at once. Let's hope he in not allergic!
 Yet the NFL seems old fashioned. I know players are more important to the game but it still seems wrong that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave the restaurant even if they are already eating, if some players want to eat there.
 Yes it was a shame about his injury. They're saying he might not make it back to playing again.
 Will Justin timberlake be playing music there this year?
 Agreed. It's sad most people probably don't even realize she's responsible for our most prized luxury today! Kind of like the undertaker who invented the dial phone. He created it because he was paranoid that the operators were rerouting his calls to rivals. Ha!
 That is strange. But it is not shoking the Senate has been a mess for a while. Did you see the new drama the Senate is having with the EPA?
 I think many could relate; I think some are too quick to chastise someone when they can
 I have the same issue with reading as television, forever being daddy taxi to get time to sit and read.  Like I said, I used to work in a book store, you were kind of expected to be a reader to work there.
 Yeah when you aren't one of the superstar players you don't make the big bucks.
 I did not watch it as a kid but my son does and I have probably see all of them by proxy.
 You had a good year last year. Earnhardt thinks fondly of his redskins but not recently.
 I listen to almost anything but rap. I want to like it but I just cannot get into it.
 I agree. I prefer a soft tone in my music. Not to say I don't like rock but I feel like rap isn't for me. I try the classic like Run DMC but nothing...
 yeah. I am really tired of the whole thing and it's only march 2019. We have 1.75 years left!
 Especially knowing MySpace is nothing now, I would be depressed. So sad to think where MySpace would be today had they opted to buy the $104 billion dollar company. 
 Do you know when Russia invaded the Ukraine?
 Thanks.    I was reading about students that were essentially refugees.   Have you heard about them?
 Internally displaced persons!    How awful is that language from Russian television?
 True, but it is still better than the icelandic option - complete lack of public rail and few cars!
 Ok, sometimes is a success in one place and then in another does not work!... People have been talking theses days about Kim Jong, there is a teacher's guide from N. Korea that says he learned to drive at the age of 3.
 Yea, PBS isn't the same as it use to be when Alec Baldwin, George Carlin, and Ringo Starr narrated Thomas the Tank Engine
 Yes, because they're health is most effected by sanitation issues during their childbearing years.
 I do too! The more I learn, the more sad I become. Women have to be afraid to even go outside to go to the bathroom in fear of encountering violence. They really need to find a solution and I bet mass media would be the best bet ultimately.
 On a lighter note, I just learned some cool facts about radio. 
 Yes, the killings began in 2016.
 Yeah, how about those salaries! It makes me sad that we pay athletes more than our teachers.
 Oh, the Redskins. They've had some rough years recently. They had that devastating injury to their quarterback Alex Smith.  He was the first overall pick in the 2005 draft. Now he may lose his leg!
 That is hilarious! Ha! Can you also believe that voter turnout in the US for presidential elections hasn't surpassed 62.8% in the last 100 years? That's kind of disappointing. 
 Did you also hear that the top bowlers made double what the top football players made back in the 1960s? That's kind of sad really considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.
 No it doesn't sound very fair either. It also doesn't sound fair at the voter turnout in the United States has maxed out at 63% in the past 100 years, you think that more people would vote than that
 That's kinda sad college football is taken that seriously to have 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums
 I remember crying my eyes out when Bambi's mom died. That's the reason my son hasn't watched it yet. I do not think my parents knew she died in the movie...
 The shooting in Pittsburgh was a terrible thing
 Yeah, it's really bad because they are still young and impressionable. It seems like right-wing nationalism doesn't make sense since almost all Americans are foreigners. Some government officials perpetuate nationalism. 
 How do you feel about companies making comments on political issues? I don't like it too much but I guess it's okay if they are paying respect to some significant event.
 I am on social media but not on Twitter, too much. I really get tired of hearing the President and other 'leaders' taking shots at each other on Twitter. I wish they would talk less and act more1
 The current administration is scary. I listen to the radio on my way into work every morning, and the things that I hear are so disturbing!
 No, I've never hear these and we only had am where I was growing up.  I didn't grown up in Canada.
 Yeah, but they're kind of touchy...they wanted to sue The Simpsons, of all things, for making fun of them.
 There are probably enough episodes.  I try to avoid New Channels, all of them.  With 24 hour news they don't have enough to talk about and repeat so much, and go over the same things with different people.
 No Nixon was a Republican, he ran against Kennedy, a democrat, who was one of the top three wealthiest presidents in American history.
 that shocked me too because the game is very violent and men are often suffered tragic injuries.  I am wondering how much of terrible injuries could happen to female players
 Wow! That must be nice! You know, it's sad knowing 60% of all NBA players go broke five years into retirement. But I'm sure Iverson will never have that problem. 
 Wow! I didn't know that. Now it makes sense. Ha! Hey I also didn't know until recently that a 17 year old female successfully struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig and was actually banned from baseball because of that. That is sad as she could have been a legend!
 Not sure about a lot. I do think his message is getting lost becuase of the messenger. He lost a lot of capital because he is the messenger.
 Right? I think he was totally immature and entitled to do that. All of that because he loves his parents and wasnt ready to move out.
 Yeah, he seems like an entitled jerk. Just wanting the spotlight!
 Me too! It still must have been hard for them to sit there and watch this. I have a son and daughter and would be heart broken to do this.
 A HS we played against when I was a kid had a girl from the soccer team as the kicker. she was targeted really badly. It was painful to watch.
 I know how that goes, we have a ton of Cowboys fans in Philadelphia. It's really annoying.
 I don't mind the Bears as much as some other teams in the NFC, I was really rooting for the Saints to beat the Rams because of Brees. That was one of the worst calls I have ever seen.
 Exactly, there was unfortunately no way that was going to be overturned. Hopefully they can make something like that challengeable in the future.
 Oh I'm sure a few of us would have done something stupid. Unfortunately it seems like fans from the surrounding area like to come in and do dumb things and give us a bad rap. It's always funny to see the reports and it lists that they're not actually from the city.
 I don't. Did you know there are only 11 minutes on average of gameplay per game? It doesn't really hold my interest.
 yeah it was kinda underwhelming I wish there were more points scored 
 As a white guy, I have some regret about our countries history. I also have some regret about our role in the me too movement.
 That's right, I am a Christian and I respect the people of Israel a lot, but I am also very helpless in the terrorist acts that are carried out by people from the Middle East
 100% agree.  Unfortunately, that is too often the case in this world
 I couldn't imagine living in such a volitile area as the gaza strip. 
 It is so sad because the militaries are trying their best to kill each other and the innocents that live there are just stuck in the middle of this war. 
 For sure. Everytime I read something about it I wonder how the doctors in those areas feel. It is their job to heal and all they see over and over is this death and destruction. 
 I don't understand people sometimes. Of course it all comes down to hubris and not wanting to accept that death is a part of the human condition. 
 I did know that. There is a shrine to him at the University of Kansas, where he invented the game. They own the original papers/rules of the game he wrote out. Too bad he is a losing coach...
 Gun violence is such a problem, especially in America today. It can really happen to anyone. Even Jennifer Hudson isn't immune to it, she lost three family member!
 wow that is sad, I could see that making her really sad and venting from the frustration
 No Trump in there, I guess that goes to the whole tax issue, is he as wealthy as he says he is.  Apparently he used to threaten to sue the New York Times whenever they questioned his wealth.
 Was never really a fan of that, a lot of people recommend that and the office but for me it wasn't my personal taste
 About the same. Already sick of the 2020 elections....
 That would be awesome. The White House should put an emphasis on environmental issues. Did you know that more than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed?
 Yes, but it sounds amazing! They could make a game or movie out of it. Too bad it was discovered after the writer died.
 Yeah. Maybe they did it to save his life. Sounds like the whole team was terrible so he would have gotten killed behind that line...
 It's a shame there hasn't been a non democrat/republican president since 1853
 Yes and I am one of the losers (my word, not yours) that made the national spelling bee a drinking game. I took the day off of work for it!
 I hope he recovers, but it looks bleak. I had him as my fantasy quarterback a few years ago, never passed for a ton of yards, but he was a smart quarterback.
 Maybe its some sort of educational initiative - learn by hearing? Sounds more cultured than Trump Jr. and Anderson Cooper having arguments - why cant we just be civil?
 Yes, that is a good stance to take. Its a shame they even have to justify their opinion. Why was the radio station even making an issue out of it?>
 I do somewhat, it's hard to watch a lot of the news today though it seems so negative.
 As yet my kids don't have them, still a little young.  I try to talk to them but the respond with one word answers, and act as if they would prefer silence.
 It's OK with me, my favorite is Homer.  I sort of liked the 70's Show but it bombed in the UK after only 10 episodes. 
 In the UK they could use Mich Jagger and Michael Caine... Do you like piano music?  I miss Freddie Mercury...
 I played trumpet but no more.
 I think my son has watched all of those. So much pokemon!
 Yeah he was referring to the MS-13 gang people but still that's quite a thing to call a human being in my opinion
 I wouldn't want hillary and trump to have the two highest positions of power though
 not too many maybe a handful at best, they learned quickly not to use flashing red and blue backgrounds. we took a little longer to learn that lession it seems
 That's no fun. Even the president of Indonesia likes music!
 They have fought against the mining and oil industries that have destroyed their lands.
 Their only protection is that roads don't reach them but I guess that is not protection enough.
 Yeah, apparently the jungle is part of their bodies. They feel it's where their spirits and ancestors live.
 I think so too. I like how some tribes work together to support each other. Wish we would do that in our society.
 I know in our society if we did that it would not work, but I do sometimes long for a simpler way of life. I'm glad that some of these villages stand up for what they believe in. It's tragic that some of them are murdered for being activists.
 Right. Much as I admire their lifestyle, admittedly, I am addicted to shopping. I like to use Amazon a lot.
 Im tired of the mass shootings that occur in the US, it shreds families into pieces and they cause a lot of suffering
 Yes I heard that he didn't want to do dramas because he doesn't want to make movies that don't project positivity.  He is good in dramas too.  
 Yea nba players get paid good but its a shame 60% of them go broke 2 years after retirement
 I do love football, especially the NFL! Although I don't like how there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average each game. I wish it was longer. What about you?
 Yes indeed. I think I read somewhere that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than those of an NFL or NBA player. So staying in school makes sense. Especially since players get hurt all the time and some never get back in the game. Been some gruesome injuries lately.
 Its sad how far some things have come. But others not so much. Saints players and cheerleaders cant eat at the same place
 That makes me sad. I like that movie.
 Me too! I was very disappointed to learn that bobsledders don't practice in the bathtub!
 I don't really know a lot about it.  what exactly has happened
 He has been attacking all journalists that report nothing but negative things about him. But now the news is trying to make a racial thing.
 I agree, At his rallies, he regularly calls Maxine Waters a member of the Congressional Black Caucus "low-IQ." That is not  a racial statement I believe.
 I agree, I do feel it has got to the point now where Democrats are doing anything they can to shut his attempts down even if it means negatively effects the country. 
 Where has integrity in the game gone? Remember old Tim Duncan of the Spurs? He stayed in college all four years and sacrificed money instead of jumping straight to the pros. Contrast that with LeBron...
 My mind would be gone. I thought it was bad for kids and it was such a big thing! That is 50 shows a year for 16 years. OMG
 Those are so cute and definitely not a police dog haha. Yes, dogs can even assist in the police and military and they are a person's best friend! Army cadets have actually tried stealing a flacon and ended up injuring it after putting it in a dog crate
 Yeah! They even coined the action as "goat-napping", that is kind of embarassing that the Navy can't control these events
 Yes, I did. That is very sad! he helped launch the Alpine Skiing World Cup circuit amongst so much more, what a loss
 It was so terrible. On November 13th of this past year, they were mourning and Trump started to attack the French President Emmanuel Macron... did you know about this?
 Ok yeah that was really sad when he passed, that would've been an awesome concert.  
 I agree, I didn't get to see Nirvana either before Kurt Cobain passed....which tells me if I want to see a concert don't delay too long. 
 Yeah, I guess you are right. I don't think episodes of Pokemon vary that much. They are pretty much the same. That's probably why I got bored of them.
 It is not just the image, it is the story telling that was slower, and the way is was filmed was very boring, few plans, probably because there was probably just one camera.
 Yeah, I heard that Laura was very demanding and when her assistant got pregnant she was fired.
 Yes, this does seem like a good case of pregnancy discrimination under FMLA and her district's Protecting Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.
 Yes, exactly! She claims that she was in a hurry to make her car payment when she did this unthinkable act. She is being charged with first degree murder. It seems she has not regret either.
 I hope it does, did you watch that movie about all the damage players end up with? really sad, rules must be changed. 
 I have had an account since it started.  I actually liked it when I used it from about 2004-2008.  I think its sad that 30 % of American adults use it as their primary source of news.
 I think its sad how Facebook can be used to manipulate people's feelings and opinions about political topics.
 Such a shame to hear of the college players suicide.
 Very sad!!! Way too young!
 He did have substance abuse issues....
 Yes I heard that too. I think many can relate, sadly. He did leave a suicide note and I don't know what that stated. Do you?
 Exactly, many stated reaching out is a sign of not weakness but strength. Too sad that so many feel there is no hope.
 That's horrible. So much tragedy. We are on this earth for only a moment in time it seems.
 More like a sad fact
 It always saddens me to see people mistreat those who survived something as horrific as the Holocaust
 That is sad.  Do you listen to radio?  If you do, you can hear radio storms from Jupiter on am radio.
 Well, that just becomes an abuse and distortion of the political reality.  North Korea is the "Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea" which is a farce.  I'll be no where in NK are policies decided by the people themselves.
 I think it's sad.  It means he or she has enough free time to do the work of a pop star.  And it's pop music ... I wish entertainment and politics would just get away from each other.
 The poor Slovakians just want to be free of military occupation especially from Russia (or the old Soviet Union) and then they have to deal with it again with these biker gangs.
 It think it is part of the media circus of our time, politicians like the drama more than an efficient government.  
 If they do, I don't want to see or hear about it.  I just hope they are wasting more taxpayer money on the pleasure trips.  I guess Harry and Meghan were presented with "Celtic Love Spoons"?
 Well it seems like he died at age 71, it can seem old but it was still surprising. 
 I don't agree with much of his ideas either, I think we made a mistake when he got elected but oh well there's not much we can do now.
 I feel very bad for the team that lost by 222 points. It was Georgia tech that defeated Cumberland right?
 But if it was a family heirloom, I would have some sleepless nights. I would want to keep some, but at the same they are worth a lot. I could keep the worthless ones... 
 Man, I miss Robin Williams.  Watching the trailer for the Will Smith version of Aladdin was so disappointing.  He looked like a smurf on steroids.  
 No kidding. 750 episodes and yet, the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes. That's kind of sad, really. 
 I got a decent minivan right now but have been meaning to get a cadillac.
 I think she is a celebrity, but I am not so sure.  I, however, watched her interview discussing about her being rape and the emotion that she has suffered
 She did report the incident but no one tried to interfere
 Yes, there seems to be a lot of information falsely spread around that people do not take the time to research. It seems to have driven a wedge in our society
 Guess it's too bad we didn't have more presidents with phds, but at least our presidents don't typically alter photographs like Kim Jong un does to rewrite history
 Yeah, you got give Netflix the props deserved for such action. This actions by the news papers show a lack of morality. 
 I do not think so but I am not sure. I think seeing huge male player tackling a smaller female player could be unsettling.
 I know some of here songs, one of them is "Da Doo Ron Ron" and also had other hit songs. Too bad she died.
 She was very successful and it's sad that she died from flu complications. That family has experienced a lot of heartache recently, especially considering that their child Tony/Toni Alston was murdered in 2010, possibly for being transgender.
 I heard about that he was shot in 2010 and the worst part is that his murder remains unsolved. So sad to see how hate got Tony killed.
 He is pretty violent, he even ordered his own Uncle to be executed.
 No, he abused his son. He did play well last season though.
 Have you heard about singer Mai Khoi?
 I had them when I was younger. My wife and I finally trashed them because they were so heavy when the boxes were full of them when we moved to new houses. Wish we hadn't would probably make a lot of money selling them today.
 I was sorry to hear in the news recently that C. Payne Lucas has passed away.
 Yea, and had to be a long life to outlive his sin who died in 2013 and his daughter who dies in 2017.
 It's sad to think he would have to see his children pass away, but I hope he got to enjoy time with his two grandchildren.
 Interesting! And unfortunately I do agree with you. And not very philanthropic... the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rain forest. I couldn't see our own gov't do that. 
 Yes! That show was hilarious. Too bad the sequels and spinoffs tanked so terribly. 
 I live near Cleveland, I know the Browns and Steelers are rivals.  I think the only team the Browns fans dislike more are the Ravens as they feel like they stole their team.
 I live here, so I guess by default I am.  I'm not born and raised so it's not life or death for me.  Is there anything harder in football than being a Browns fan?
 That sounds like a lot of work.  I think part of the reason I haven't got into football is the length of the game, I just don't have three hours.  I doesn't help that I was born in Britain.
 I have a young family, all my free time seems to have vanished.  Back in the day is would have been soccer.  I barely see any TV anymore, the kids hog the remote now.
 I feel bad for his older brother Cooper. He never played. Seems like he's the odd man out.
 Seems like they are trying not to be sexists but the objectification of their cheerleaders seem counter to that goal.
 Yes, I think they are actually tied with the poor Bills :(
 That's pretty cool of him to do that.  I feel terrible when I see homeless people.  I can't even imagine what goes through their minds every day.
