and had my pocket picked: this house is turned
Exit BALTHASAR
Giving more light than heat, extinct in both,
Part us, Northumberland, I toward the north,
Leave us to ourselves, and make yourself some comfort
With both the humours, I:
What guests were in her eyes, which parted thence,
My gorgeous palace for a hermitage,
Pointing to the nurse
I have been broad awake two hours and more.
As for her Greeks and Trojans suffer'd death.
Enter BERTRAM, PAROLLES, and the whole army
Which, like a waxen image, 'gainst a fire,
And therefore comes it that his head is light.
Now, sir, to you.
Exeunt
your letter I am very sick: but in the instant that
Were stol'n, and to this hour no guess in knowledge
My dear son Ferdinand.
Let's see't. I will pursue her
And I wish, my liege,
In manner and form following, sir, all those three:
Peace, ho! let us hear him.
Who worship dirty gods.
'Tis not the trial of a woman's war,
Will I withal endow a child of thine,
Helping her
Pray, get you out.
withal, who Time trots withal, who Time gallops
Lords, view these letters full of bad mischance.
Else none at all in ought proves excellent.
An you mean to mock me after, you should not have
It could not slake mine ire, nor ease my heart.
In several hands, in at his windows throw,
Were red-hot steel, to sear me to the brain!
Older in practise, abler than yourself
Combat with adverse planets in the heavens!
In honestest defence.
As potent as a lord's. Will you go yet?
Enter EDGAR
Pluck out his poor old eyes, nor thy fierce sister
flagon of Rhenish on my head once. This same skull,
Who is conductor of his people?
Then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven,
pavilion in the posteriors of this day, which the
Thank you. Wondrous heavy.
Enter BERTRAM and DIANA
Withhold thine indignation, mighty heaven,
And squarest thy life according. Thou'rt condemn'd:
Enter FENTON
The good precedence, fie upon 'But yet'!
Whoever gave it you. Then, if you know
You English princes all, I do salute you.
my son.' 'My daughter.' 'He killed my cousin
Lest I, by marking of your rage, forget
Repent what you have spoke.
Ay, are you thereabouts?
What trumpet? look, Menelaus.
Therefore I think I am not in the night,
Dull, a man of good repute, carriage, bearing, and
I am as like to call thee so again,
Ha! wherefore?
Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite,
another to Page's wife, who even now gave me good
By day, by night, waking and in my dreams,
Edmund, farewell.
To the syllable.
The usurping helmets of our adversaries!
'Tis love you cavil at: I am not Love.
Had so much grace to put it in my mind.
At the discovery of most dangerous treason
In christening shalt thou have two god-fathers:
I said, and said no more but what my thoughts
altogether governed by humours. Lie still, ye thief,
Your deeds of war and all our counsel die?
To reinforcement, or we perish all.
Must these have voices, that can yield them now
And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse,
I found it in his closet, 'tis his will:
Were strangely clamorous to the frighted fields.
Hath not been used to fear. Even now I tremble
Give me mine angle, we'll to the river: there,
Was this King Priam's joy?
This night forestall him of the coming day!
Quite from his nature: he cannot flatter, he,
What, worse than nought? nay, then, a shame take all!
Nay, we must longer kneel: I am a suitor.
'Gainst whom I am too little to contend,
Have you forgot me?
I'll take what winter from your lips, fair lady:
Why then, to-morrow I cannot serve your turn for Rosalind?
How can that be?
The king hath straitly charged the contrary.
it is but heading and hanging.
Which, in the day of battle, tire thee more
Exit
Prosper it with thee! Go thou farther off,
I'll speak of her no more, nor of your children,
No, nor a man that fears you less than he,
She hath but one for herself, to desire that were a shame.
Cannot, is false, and that I dare not, falser:
I know you two are rival enemies:
Dies ere the weary sun set in the west.
I am stuffed, cousin, I cannot smell.
What, you mean my face?
So did he me: and he no more remembers his mother
Red, master, red as blood.
mains d'un chevalier, je pense, le plus brave,
Hadst thou been kill'd when first thou didst presume,
Within this hour bring me word 'tis done,
Hear the ambassadors.
And bring him jump when he may Cassio find
swear by that that is not, you are not forsworn: no
To this effect, before you were new crown'd,
His own opinion was his law: i' the presence
So, on my soul, he did, for aught he knew.
Remember, lords, your oaths to Henry sworn,
one-trunk-inheriting slave, one that wouldst be a
Think us no churls, nor measure our good minds
Can you advise me?
CALIBAN, STEPHANO, and TRINCULO, are driven out
Come, wait upon him, lead him to my bower.
How little is the cost I have bestow'd
Arm, arm, my lord, the foe vaunts in the field.
I have it not.
Because that I am little, like an ape,
And fall upon the ground, as I do now,
Enter ELBOW, and Officers with FROTH and POMPEY
For making him egregiously an ass
To have a foolish wife.
Which gape and rub the elbow at the news
The burning torch in yonder turret stands.
king himself.
Exeunt TROILUS, AENEAS, and ULYSSES
Perchance shall dry your pities: but I have
satisfy my opinion, and partly for the satisfaction,
I am sorry, madam, I have hurt your kinsman:
With goodly shape and by your own report
looks, your red-lattice phrases, and your
I'll give thee a wind.
With his mouth full of news.
On what condition stands it and wherein?
DON
Their several counsels they unbosom shall
We here create you Earl of Shrewsbury,
Every one that does so is a traitor, and must be hanged.
O God's lady dear!
By the suggestion of the queen's allies,
Dost thou not suspect my place? dost thou not
town-armory, with a broken hilt, and chapeless,
Exeunt
Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?
And sold their bodies for their country's benefit,
Exeunt TRANIO, Pedant, and BAPTISTA
My lord hath interest in them, I will keep them
I am skilless of, but, by my modesty,
Didst thou not hear somebody?
Which else were shame, that then necessity
Which is the best to furnish me to-morrow.
Infects unseen. Confess yourself to heaven,
Summon their general unto the wall.
O, bid me leap, rather than marry Paris,
And weigh'st thy words before thou givest them breath,
Thy reason, man?
Sweet Hero! now thy image doth appear
Could out of thee extract one spark of evil
His cuisses on his thighs, gallantly arm'd
Ten thousand dollars to our general use.
'Tis Caesar that you mean, is it not, Cassius?
his eye, talks like a knell, and his hum is a
See, see! they join, embrace, and seem to kiss,
Make motion through my lips, and my arm'd knees,
My heart and hands thou hast at once subdued.
Take not her part, for, if thou dost intend
Sir, the duke's pleasure is, that you keep Costard
hinder not the honour of his design: let him fetch
like a kern of Ireland, your French hose off, and in
The young'st and oldest thing.
For Richard, the first son's heir, being dead,
And have no more of life than may suffice
Even he that makes her queen who should be else?
Let me wipe it first, it smells of mortality.
This jarring discord of nobility,
Sick, O, sick!
Well may it sort that this portentous figure
How sweetly you do minister to love,
too disputable for my company: I think of as many
Wash my fierce hand in's heart. Go you to the city,
Were he in favour as in humour alter'd.
Let not sloth dim your horrors new-begot:
We give thee for reward a thousand marks,
Will it not be?
Exeunt
Haled out to murder: myself on every post
four times. Now I, to comfort him, bid him a'
Madam!
HECATE retires
And, at our stamp, here o'er and o'er one falls,
But to confront the visage of offence?
Dido and her AEneas shall want troops,
I will end here.
Ere thou hadst power or we had cause of fear,
Till that, I'll view the manners of the town,
Enter Priest,  and c. in procession, the Corpse of  OPHELIA, LAERTES and Mourners following, KING CLAUDIUS, QUEEN GERTRUDE, their trains,  and c
Shout. Flourish
must speak through, saying thus, or to the same
In your retirement, I had swinged him soundly.
Enter POSTHUMUS LEONATUS and a British Lord
Thy womb let loose, to chase us to our graves.
There's nothing I have done yet, o' my conscience,
Thawing cold fear, that mean and gentle all,
Some hangman must put on my shroud and lay me
Stern Falconbridge commands the narrow seas,
With heads, and not with hands, those whom you curse
of them, two I am sure I have paid, two rogues
Three foot of it doth hold: bad world the while!
love to the Moor,-- put money in thy purse,--nor he
But such is the infection of the time,
Than the rich-jewel'd of Darius,
But what trade art thou? answer me directly.
Enter PAULINA, a Gentleman, and Attendants
Letter for letter, but that the name of Page and
ANTIPHOLUS
If she first meet the curled Antony,
So please you, it is true: our thane is coming:
That many mazed considerings did throng
That did attend themselves and had the virtue
I false! Thy conscience witness: Iachimo,
And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,
Why, 'tis no great matter, for a very little thief of
Selves of themselves, to your recomforture.
And I am sick when I look not on you.
What you would ask me, that I should deny,
You know he does.
These are the parents to these children,
Where's Antony?
We'll be before our welcome.
Hubert, the utterance of a brace of tongues
Against the flint and hardness of my fault:
Let me entreat you.
Hangs one that gathers samphire, dreadful trade!
My very soul of counsel! stop my mouth.
ANTIPHOLUS
Some of my mistress' marks upon my shoulders,
High order in this great solemnity.
Till Saturninus be Rome's emperor.
You shall.
I pray you, tell me what you meant by that.
In very likeness of a roasted crab,
Titus Lartius writes, they fought together, but
For gay apparel 'gainst the triumph day.
With them Sir Thomas Vaughan, prisoners.
This arm upholds the house of Lancaster.
Up to the elbows, and besmear our swords:
Then, sir,
To VIOLA
Lurk, lurk.
What danger or what sorrow can befall thee,
will come this way by and by, and then we may deliver
Seven times tried that judgment is,
I will dispatch him to the emperor's court.
any thing and yet a fool.
Between that love a woman can bear me
Ready they were to shoot me to the heart.
And sworn unto the practises of France,
Be not as extreme in submission
Do not repent these things, for they are heavier
Such welcome and unwelcome things at once
And change misdoubt to resolution:
A world by itself, and we will nothing pay
Fortune had left to both of us alike
To bandy hasty words, to scant my sizes,
There, on the pendent boughs her coronet weeds
crave your assistance.
I do assure you, my lord, he is very great in
Change the complexion of her maid-pale peace
No, boy, but as well as I can do them. Peace!
The sides of loyalty, and almost appears
By him that thunders, thou hast lusty arms,
thy fat woman. Let her descend, bully, let her
I cannot blame his conscience.
God forgive my sins, and pardon thee!
His May of youth and bloom of lustihood.
Calls her a nonpareil: I never saw a woman,
I ask your voices and your suffrages:
And to be shortly of a sisterhood,
Five hundred ducats, villain, for a rope?
The more I hate, the more he follows me.
Farewell! God knows when we shall meet again.
For all the Welshmen, hearing thou wert dead.
Cursed be I that did so! All the charms
with him, I'll make him dance. Will you go, gentles?
According to the measure of their states.
Fall'n into taint: which to believe of her,
Her natural posture!
Hysterica passio, down, thou climbing sorrow,
snow, thou shalt not escape calumny. Get thee to a
He plies the duke at morning and at night,
Without controlment, justice, or revenge?
Is it more sin to wish me thus forsworn,
It is not yet near day. Come, go with me,
Death, lie thou there, by a dead man interr'd.
An plant this thorn, this canker, Bolingbroke?
Not he alone shall suffer what wit can make heavy
My tender youth was never yet attaint
You speak not like yourself, who ever yet
For being preferred so well.
another: you jig, you amble, and you lisp, and
honesty: and, I warrant you, they could never get
It is some meteor that the sun exhales,
prayers are he may, let me desire you to make your
I had rather heat my liver with drinking.
I must not hear thee, fare thee well, kind maid,
And what was first but fear what might be done,
bass-viol, in a case of leather, the man, sir,
More than mine own, that am, have, and will be--
Let her come in.
Cupid is a knavish lad,
Mended again. The matter, proceed.
Enter the WARWICK and SALISBURY
Therefore my merchandise makes me not sad.
O princely Buckingham I'll kiss thy hand,
my mind! Shall we go prove what's to be done?
To square for this? would it offend you, then
the seaside, browsing of ivy. Good luck, an't be thy
Not so, sir, neither, I know my duty.
that,--hissing hot,--think of that, Master Brook.
So should a murderer look, so dead, so grim.
He that will give good words to thee will flatter
Ay, but he's dead: off with the traitor's head,
A certain queen to Caesar in a mattress.
That she shall still be curst in company.
of beauty.
'O sir,' says answer, 'at your best command,
I would outstare the sternest eyes that look,
Such precious deeds in one that promises nought
One fire drives out one fire, one nail, one nail,
Exeunt
The gods confound--hear me, you good gods all--
This way to death my wretched sons are gone,
die, but that, my offences being many, I would
Did put the yoke upon 's, which to shake off
Came post with post, and every one did bear
A year before: it is not to be question'd
I will something affect the letter, for it argues facility.
Yes, indeed: thou wouldst make a good fool.
Enter ANTONY and others, with CAESAR's body
Exit Lord
Mark how short his answer is,--With Hero, Leonato's
The empire of the sea: our slippery people,
His sorrows have so overwhelm'd his wits,
Were he as famous and as bold in war
least, he fought with, what wards, what blows, what
clothes, but I am now, sir, muddied in fortune's
tree, understand a plain man in his plain meaning:
should enjoy half his revenue,'--My son Edgar!
'Tis, my good lord.
Reveal yourself to him.
That's most certain, and with you, next month with us.
To make thee seek it.'
be pold, I pray you, follow me into the pit, and
As mine, against their will. Should all despair
Bring in to any of your ancestors.
Do.
Of whom your swords are temper'd, may as well
Remember it, my lord?
That Photinus an eunuch and your maids
Rive your concealing continents, and cry
Be sure of it, give me the ocular proof:
I'll meet thee, Pyramus, at Ninny's tomb.
For heaven now bids me, and the words I utter
I think so too. But you shall find, the band that
Began to crack: twice then the trumpets sounded,
I think so too.
The heart that conn'd them.
You are most welcome home.
And at thy mercy shalt they stoop and kneel,
Ne'er feels retiring ebb, but keeps due on
The more my wrong, the more his spite appears:
For 'tis a damned slave.
'Tis none of mine.
set on thy horns. O powerful love! that, in some
Thus, what with the war, what with the sweat, what
before you came, for look here what I found on a
of letter did.
Thereto prick'd on by a most emulate pride,
rumination wraps me m a most humorous sadness.
worthy to live. Thou dost ride in a foot-cloth, dost thou not?
Bid her have good heart:
you, I am of the church, and will be glad to do my
Exit GALLUS
Lo, as at English feasts, so I regreet
charge you withal, be even and direct with me,
hotly call'd for,
For by his fall my honour must keep high.
For what I will, I will, and there an end.
Come, go with us, we'll look to that anon:
Can cunning sin cover itself withal!
My dull deaf ears a little use to hear:
And not deface your honour with reproach?
my prayers, but I cannot go thither.
And left thee but a very prey to time,
Exit the BASTARD
Should without issue die, he'll carry it so
not open my lips so wide as a bristle may enter in
What's his name?
Sure my brother is amorous on Hero and hath
And talk so like a waiting-gentlewoman
Upon your will to suffer.
For England.
My former speeches have but hit your thoughts,
In little room confining mighty men,
Choose your own company, and command what cost
For our beloved mother in her pains.
the best and the fairest, that would have won any
What time the shepherd, blowing of his nails,
greatness to impart to Armado, a soldier, a man of
Master, if ever I said loose-bodied gown, sew me in
Succeeding his father Bolingbroke, did reign,
We will not fail.
wench, as touching the hit it.
Thou art, as you are all, a sorceress:
With ignominious words, though clerkly couch'd,
Is, to determine of the coronation.
And do you tell me of a woman's tongue,
Hath fear'd the valiant: by my love I swear
or, rather, as you say, my mother: therefore no
What's the matter, sir?
How do you both? you are manifest house-keepers.
What's her price, Boult?
We shall be charged again. Whiles we have struck,
Thou, it seems, that calls for company to
Good man, sit down. Now let me see the proudest
sir, I would prove--
Say, lord chamberlain,
should I anatomize him to thee as he is, I must
Had come along with me, but that his mistress
High on a stage be placed to the view,
And never look upon thy face again.
To work mine end upon their senses that
In those unfledged days was my wife a girl,
Show a fair presence and put off these frowns,
The music, ho!
you, and their daughters profit very greatly under
Exit
Successively from age to age, he built it?
The other found out there.
Nay, nay, to the purpose.
and the garland too, for the garland he might have
I must go victual Orleans forthwith.
a muffler and a kerchief, and so escape.
Why, Antony.
And though you know my inwardness and love
We'll quickly hoise Duke Humphrey from his seat.
What's near it with it: it is a massy wheel,
You know an enemy intends you harm,
What do you mean?
state totters.
Speak, old AEgeon, if thou be'st the man
The actors are come hither, my lord.
Black, forsooth: coal-black as jet.
But graciously to know I am no better.
Madam, not now: I am very ill at ease,
The happy man, whether defect of judgment,
And all the honours that can fly from us
I stole into a neighbour thicket by,
[Aside]            All the better: may
My lord, you must tell us where the body is, and go
Call up my brother. O, would you had had her!
O Caesar,--
Whom after under the confession's seal
They should be good men, their affairs as righteous:
Exeunt LUCENTIO, BIANCA, and BIONDELLO
a difference. There's a daisy: I would give you
Leap in with me into this angry flood,
Unless things mortal move them not at all,
I'll tell you news indifferent good for either.
if room enough!
And target. Still he mends,
Tell him, the daughter of the King of France,
Enter two Murderers
You are Grand-jurors, are ye? we'll jure ye, 'faith.
Eyes without feeling, feeling without sight,
Having call'd them from the deep! O, still
And seize himself, I say not, slaughter him,
If I be one.
Good heart, and, i' faith, I will tell her as much:
Soft! here he comes: I must dissemble it.
And look upon, as if the tragedy
To killen bad, keep good alive,
And lay this Angiers even to the ground,
'Tis gone!
And may direct his course as please himself,
But we'll outface them, and outswear them too.
Hard-hearted Clifford, take me from the world:
By watching, weeping, tendance, kissing, to
no true traveller: you are more saucy with lords
And one Deformed is one of them: I know him, a'
Decius, go tell them Caesar will not come.
EPILOGUE
And with her breath she did perfume the air:
To-morrow morning to the council-board
On what occasion, God he knows, not I,
How can you say to me, I am a king?
If he had been forgotten,
Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye,
for him, that he hath wrote this to feel my
Exit
water, though I seem to drown her remembrance again with more.
None could be so abused in sight as he.
That I was cast: and even but now he spake,
Enough, with over-measure.
Through Gloucestershire, by which account,
Exeunt HENRY PERCY and Lords
King Henry the Fifth, too famous to live long!
Dardan, and Tymbria, Helias, Chetas, Troien,
enough to make such knaveries yours.
Dead.
A friend.
Right gracious lord, I cannot brook delay:
What need a man care for a stock with a wench, when
From courtly friends, with camping foes to live,
carry, therefore is she better than a jade. 'Item:
Marry, the son of my grandfather.
Let me redeem my brothers both from death.
I'll after him, and see the event of this.
What says the golden chest? ha! let me see:
And yet a place of high respect with me,--
Mistress Ford, and requests your company.
That box I gave you was not thought by me
The day shall not be up so soon as I,
Yet it shall be tempest-tost.
Not bolds the king, with others, whom, I fear,
And let him learn to know, when maidens sue,
She hales him up and down
[To MARINA]  Come your ways. My masters, you say
How thus we met, and these things finish.
fluent as the sea: turn the sands into eloquent
Welcome, my lord	what is the news?
Say, then, to Caesar,
But if it were, doubt not her care should be
How you can frown than spend a fawn upon 'em,
As one that takes his leave. Mine honest friends,
To find thy brother Bassianus dead.
Rousillon, a foolish idle boy, but for all that very
her, child, if she be a whore.
Or have we eaten on the insane root
And it I will have, or I will have none.
To thine own lips again.
You speak o' the people,
That you unlace your reputation thus
Within her quarter and mine own precinct
Enter DENNY
I know so. But, gentle Lady Anne,
Thy mistress' marks? what mistress, slave, hast thou?
One word, good friend. Lucio, a word with you.
in the market-place.
What, dress'd! and in your clothes! and down again!
Hast made thine enemies?
time, have napkins enow about you, here
The heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes.
The Fool runs out from the hovel
When you cast out, it still came home.
Good my lord, tell it.
Who would be so mock'd with glory? or to live
Had been the regent there instead of me,
Assume the port of Mars, and at his heels,
Young scamels from the rock. Wilt thou go with me?
If I know you well,
None but the king?
Your private grudge, my Lord of York, will out,
From my succession wipe me, father, I
Lord Thaliard from Antiochus is welcome.
Thyself, forsooth, hereafter theirs, so far
A hundred pound in gold more than your loss.
what I would speak of concerns him.
For then he's full of matter.
Your better wisdoms, which have freely gone
Why, 'twas a commandment to command the captain and
not on thy baseness court-contempt? Thinkest thou,
i' the church. I have dogged him, like his
you'll sweat for't.
what I am: I will now take the lecher, he is at my
Ha, ha! keep time: how sour sweet music is,
Not altogether so:
This is the fruit of whoring. Prithee, Emilia,
I think I had, I never did deny it.
I never saw him sad.
And such a piece of service will you do,
I speak not to that railing Hecate,
the Egyptians in their fog.
And he that got it, sentenced, a young man
Among them know you one Vincentio?
yours: for my part, I do not lie in't, and yet it is mine.
good a man as yourself, both in the disciplines of
Perhaps I will return immediately:
Unless you have the grace by your fair prayer
indeed more than I took her for.
Enter FALSTAFF disguised as Herne
And then you fled into this abbey here,
But they will pluck away his natural cause
To have my pardon, trim it handsomely.
That would be rid of such an enemy,
You take my lord, I'll give him my commission
More bright in zeal than the devotion which
When he sees me go back one foot or fly.
Hark! the land bids me tread no more upon't,
Wherein the acorn cradled. Follow.
Give us kind keepers, heavens! What were these?
contrary. O Mistress Page, give me some counsel!
quotidian tertian, that it is most lamentable to
But let determined things to destiny
Suffolk, the new-made duke that rules the roast,
womanhood and the witness of a good conscience,
I have tremor cordis on me: my heart dances,
And found--dispatch. The noble duke my master,
O, let me not be mad, not mad, sweet heaven
Exeunt
child. We have seen the best of our time:
That aptly is put on. Refrain to-night,
Exeunt
To strike him dead, I hold it not a sin.
Because he's guilty, and he is not guilty:
the harder: ch'ill be plain with you.
No, not these twenty years.
I was, unhandsome warrior as I am,
I noted her not, but I looked on her.
Was I, in sooth? and I was the first that lost thee.
Endows a man but he.
And maintain such a quarrel openly?
Nor boots it me to say I honour him.
Go, give 'em welcome, you can speak the French tongue,
Fulvia!
Enter HELICANUS and ESCANES, with other Lords of Tyre
Walter,--
Give me leave, Caesar,--
The gods throw stones of sulphur on me, if
This quarrel will drink blood another day.
by my villany, which did confirm any slander that
Gone, sir: farewell.
merit, did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself?
Mine eyes smell onions, I shall weep anon:
Looks on alike. Will't please you, sir, be gone?
And bid them bring the trumpets to the gate,
gentlemen: they speak English?
What says Achilles? would he aught with us?
This will I send, and something else more plain,
strong a liking with old Sir Rowland's youngest son?
you, to your rights:
Of raging waste? It cannot hold, it will not.
Should strike such terror to his enemies.
Where peremptory Warwick now remains:
I think, to steal cream indeed, for thy theft hath
Your favours, the ambassadors of love,
Rather than die at once!--taught me to shift
Unto the voice and yielding of that body
I shall stay here the forehorse to a smock,
Than music from the spheres.
Advise you what you say, the minister is here.
That it prefers itself and leaves unquestion'd
And let thy blows, doubly redoubled,
A little gale will soon disperse that cloud
Gold cannot come amiss, were she a devil.
That I might hear thee call great Caesar ass
staves, and strong ones: these are but switches to
Where, where? Art thou come? why, my cheese, my
From him, and thus he greets your majesty.
And yet you halt not.
Enter TALBOT, with trump and drum
How dost thou, Benedick, the married man?
And cull their flower, Ajax shall cope the best.
And bawds and whores do churches build,
of our two cousins coming into London.
They converse apart
A fellow by the hand of nature mark'd,
Does purpose honour to you no less flowing
The imperious seas breed monsters, for the dish
'Doubt thou the stars are fire,
Farewell, sweet queen.
Portia, what mean you? wherefore rise you now?
Enter at one door, HORNER, the Armourer, and his  Neighbours, drinking to him so much that he is drunk,  and he enters with a drum before him and his staff  with a sand-bag fastened to it, and at the other  door PETER, his man, with a drum and sand-bag, and 'Prentices drinking to him
O villain, villain! His very opinion in the
Whither the queen intends. Forward, away!
this controversy.
We are resolved, my lord.
An thou shouldst, thou 'ldst anger ladies.
Go call Thersites hither, sweet Patroclus:
Your loss is great, so your regard should be,
very first house, of the first and second cause:
Gertrude, do not drink.
Now much beshrew my manners and my pride,
Nephew, what means this passionate discourse,
So may he ever do! and ever flourish,
Moon and stars!
Forerun fair Love, strewing her way with flowers.
Never mole, hare lip, nor scar,
Nay, sit, nay, sit, good cousin Capulet,
And frame my face to all occasions.
When you disgraced me in my embassade,
All yet seems well, and if it end so meet,
Go, hop me over every kennel home,
change for youth: when she is sated with his body,
discommend so much. I know, sir, I am no
But when I came to man's estate,
O monstrous treachery! can this be so,
And the strong course of my authority
Why, this is your own folly. Did not I tell you how
To have her name repeated: all her deserving
A Roman now adopted happily,
And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo seal'd,
Can it not do and undo? I will make
Then how can it be said I am alone,
Did she see thee the while, old boy? tell me that.
Cuts off the ceremonious vows of love
Still ride in triumph over all mischance.
Whenever Buckingham doth turn his hate
There's something in't,
Not like a woman, for I would prevent
you to take leave of her, she is very willing to bid
Giving him a chain from her neck
This cloth thou dip'dst in blood of my sweet boy,
So York must sit and fret and bite his tongue,
business, and I will merrily accompany you home.
you, of the Roman disciplines, than is a puppy-dog.
Well guess'd, believe me, for that was my meaning.
I drink the air before me, and return
For more assurance that a living prince
The earldom of Hereford, and the moveables
I to this fortune that you see me in.
Health and glad tidings to your majesty!
Of plain old form is much disfigured,
What is his name?
All mortal consequences have pronounced me thus:
The lion dying thrusteth forth his paw,
If it prove lawful prize, he's made for ever.
will keep the house.
No, let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp,
Or show the glory of our art?
Thou robed man of justice, take thy place,
another, his wife another, and, I think, there's one
minds: methinks I could not die any where so
Your servant, princes. Good my lord of Rome,
That I may turn me to each one of you,
And seal'd between us.
Ay.
Are you not ashamed? I think you have killed the
There is no other way, 'tis she must do't:
I will endure, and I'll employ thee too:
Who knew of Your intent and coming hither?
They are in a trunk,
Are you three usurers' men?
Come now, what masques, what dances shall we have,
How youngly he began to serve his country,
Know'st thou Fluellen?
Sir?
I'll play the housewife for this once. What, ho!
Gloucester, why doubt'st thou of my forwardness?
An if thou couldst, thou couldst not make him live,
No great offence belongs to't, give your friend
Maine, Blois, Poictiers, and Tours, are won away,
Edmund, I hear that you have shown your father
Prithee, be not sad,
I must scratch.
The same indeed, a very valiant fellow.
What dost thou profess? what wouldst thou with us?
In the day's glorious walk, or peaceful night,
With opening titles miscreate, whose right
defend thee.'
praising myself, who, I myself will bear witness, is
Exeunt
If it be you that stir these daughters' hearts
To soft and gentle speech.
Ay, and worn in the cap of a tooth-drawer.
shot, who disgraced, what terms the enemy stood on,
You are my guest, Lavinia, and your friends.
cloak-bag of guts, that roasted Manningtree ox with
How it goes here. It fits us therefore ripely
Hark thee, Dardanius.
Your servant and your friend,
Why then, we did our main opinion crush
Will answer in mine honour.
to reserve. But this is from my commission: I will
For one being fear'd of all, now fearing one,
Yea, curb and woo for leave to do him good.
Good Master Brook, I desire more acquaintance of you.
That you should think, we come not to offend,
What sayest thou?
I am sorry to give breathing to my purpose,--
so near with their lips that their breaths embraced
Why didst thou send me forth, brave Cassius?
Here they shoot. SALISBURY and GARGRAVE fall
Ye light o' love, with your heels! then, if your
maledictions against king and nobles, needless
A portly sail of ships make hitherward.
When he shall hear she died upon his words,
and, he returning to break our necks, they respect not us.
Live, Brutus! live, live!
Combine together 'gainst the enemy,
Hazard so dangerous as doth hourly grow
And, being help'd, inhabits there.
And only hitherward. I leave your honours.
Lo, how hollow the fiend speaks within him! did not
His brows within a golden crown and call'd
He'll beat Aufidius 'head below his knee
ladyship were best to have some guard about you, if
I answer you! what should I answer you?
Ay, too well.
Harry, that prophesied thou shouldst be king,
Thou bloodless remnant of that royal blood!
We have not yet set down this day of triumph.
any in Italy, and as soon moved to be moody, and as
Open the gates, here's Gloucester that would enter.
For your displeasure, but all will sure be well.
For shame! leave Henry, and call Edward king.
Do you hear, sir?
Exit Gentleman
'Tis nobly spoken:
are many, or else your actions would grow wondrous
That it may be this day read over in Paul's.
I would I were at home.
I pray you.
The posterior of the day, most generous sir, is
Ah! sancta majestas, who would not buy thee dear?
Well, God give them wisdom that have it, and those
[Within]  Madam!
There.
Lord of his fortunes he salutes thee, and
The tribune and his nephews kneel for grace,
To take them in protection?
I'll ha' thee burnt.
And I shall show you peace and fair-faced league,
Must wear the print of his remembrance out,
Affected greatness got by you, not you:
For better times to come. Friar, advise him,
Do draw the inward quality after them,
What are you?
[To VOLUMNIA and VIRGILIA]  Your hand, and yours:
Exit MARGARET
I'll bring him the best 'parel that I have,
Our hard-ruled king. Again, there is sprung up
The one ne'er got me credit, the other mickle blame.
Last, and as much containing as all these,
Soft! here comes sleeve, and t'other.
There is not yet so ugly a fiend of hell
the least, if the love of soldier can suffice,--
Why, go to, then: but to prove to you that Helen
Which, with ourselves, all rest at thy dispose.
Enter Surveyor
Perfumes the chamber thus: the flame o' the taper
I'll set thee in a shower of gold, and hail
Give me your gloves, I'll wear them for your sake,
Fierce fiery warriors fought upon the clouds,
Marcius would have all from you, Marcius,
Antony call, I see him rouse himself
Down with the Capulets! down with the Montagues!
for a hot midsummer night, for, good youth, he went
Why, sir, who bade you call her?
Give me breath.
Ready.
anew: but I must attend his majesty's command, to
The last is, for my men, they are the poorest,
I'll bring you comfort.
lost my crupper, with many things of worthy memory,
Fare thee well, nymph: ere he do leave this grove,
My leg is cut in two.
So. Begin.
And, as it were far off sound thou Lord Hastings,
A fever in your blood! why, then incision
As much unto my good lord chamberlain!
To one consent, may work contrariously:
A saucy stranger in his court to mart
For all the world.
There is no harm intended to your person,
swarths: the best persuaded of himself, so
a coranto? My very walk should be a jig, I would not
To act her earthy and abhorr'd commands,
Yet neither pleasure's art can joy my spirits,
I have, sir, as I was commanded from you,
Since, wedding it, there is such length in grief,
That doth invert the attest of eyes and ears,
And it in you more dreadful would have seem'd
Yes, sir, I shall.
That he shuts up himself, imagine me,
By my fidelity, this is not well, Master Ford, this
Who calls?
Upon her gentle bosom, and fill up
The horrible conceit of death and night,
ANTIPHOLUS
Present the fair steed to my lady Cressid:
of the south, the guts-griping, ruptures, catarrhs,
He bade me, from him, call thee thane of Cawdor:
Exit First Player
My absence doth neglect no great designs,
This little abstract doth contain that large
Do the wise think them other? is not l'envoy a salve?
Of some such thing?
Shall give thee opportunity.' O damn'd paper!
Of colour like the red rose on triumphant brier,
Music still, with shouts
Ay, I would I were deaf, it makes me have a slow heart.
Base men by his endowments are made great.
SCENE I. Rome. A public place.
Exeunt all but HAMLET and HORATIO
When in the world I lived, I was the world's
Exit
Hautboys play. The dumb-show enters
ACT V
Nor hath Love's mind of any judgement taste,
And, by his treason, stand'st not thou attainted,
Such instigations have been often dropp'd
O Lord! my boy, my Arthur, my fair son!
On Thurio, whom your gentle daughter hates,
Thou hast as chiding a nativity
Yet I express to you a mother's care:
And all eyes else dead coals! Fear thou no wife,
Further I will not flatter you, my lord,
I will never mistrust my wife again till thou art
Father, tear the crown from the usurper's head.
That thou wilt use the wars as thy redress
My gracious lord, entreat him, speak him fair.
He's welcome.
only downright oaths, which I never use till urged,
This is not well, my lord, this is not well.
Seize on him, Furies, take him to your torments!'
Great store of room, no doubt, left for the ladies,
What letter is this same? What's here? 'To Silvia'!
The same dead thing alive.
Mercy on me! I have a great dispositions to cry.
Springs out into fast gait, then stops again,
And, sure, he is an honourable man.
I do constantly believe you. The time is come even
And secretly to greet the empress' friends.
And, sir, it is no little thing to make
Do not desire to see this letter.
To fight on Edward's party for the crown,
Nor what I have done by water.
Ay, almost slain, for he is taken prisoner,
How now, Roderigo!
Sleeps
For on that ground I'll build a holy descant:
That hath made him mad.
the idle husewife with me this afternoon.
Rates and revenges.
Thou art like the harpy,
Not so:
What maids lack from head to heel:
Why should I not? doth he not deserve well?
What's Montague? it is nor hand, nor foot,
But such a day to-morrow as to-day,
She should that duty leave unpaid to you,
Sweet varied notes, enchanting every ear!
Welcome, brave captain and victorious lord!
Bold as an oracle, and sets Thersites,
That shall be by and by: I remember the story.
I bleed inwardly for my lord.
Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that
Enter two Officers, to lay cushions
The story of your loves discovered:
Even such a body: here I am Antony:
And keep the turn of tippling with a slave,
If every of your wishes had a womb.
He fastened on my neck, and bellow'd out
Good lords, make all the speedy haste you may.
My lord, I hear none.
Enter SIR HUGH EVANS
Against a sworder! I see men's judgments are
To help to take her from her borrow'd grave,
Their cruel parricide, filling their hearers
Lie at the proud foot of a conqueror,
The want whereof doth daily make revolt
He thought 'twas witchcraft--but I am much to blame,
I crave their pardons:
Hortensio, to what end are all these words?
Dine with my father, drink a health to me,
For girls of nine, O, think what they have done
tyrant: I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to
of Cyprus gallants that would fain have a measure to
The sword of Orleans hath not made me smart,
presence must be the whip of the other.
But that belike Iago in the interim
Which gave advantage to an ancient soldier,
As once Europa did at lusty Jove,
Some dozen Romans of us and your lord--
And Cassio kill'd!
Detest my baseness. I, that with my sword
What is your pleasure?
There is no more such masters: I may wander
When he might spurn him with his foot away?
And do thee favours with my royal hands.
A very pleasing night to honest men.
And so I hear he doth account me too,
Then, Aaron, arm thy heart, and fit thy thoughts,
SCENE VIII. Under the walls of Alexandria.
KING CLAUDIUS dies
The eagle suffers little birds to sing,
Are well foretold that danger lurks within.
Will you come to bed, my lord?
And Julia herself did give it me,
They were not born for bondage.
ANTIPHOLUS
