 Oh yeah I didn't know that either. I also want to go to google Plex to see the goats who mow their lawn by eating it.
 say what now?? they have that??
 thats both funny and i guess imaginative. leave it to a huge tech company to employ actual goats!
 Yeah exactly I am sure they are cheaper. One thing I bet they couldn't exploit is fish. I think fish are so cool there is actually a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.
 That is so funny I guess I never considered a seahorse a fish. The black swallower fish sounds a lot like a snake because it can eat pray that is so large.
 i guess they live up to their name then!
 It seems they do. I also didn't know that there was a difference with how freshwater and saltwater fish drink.
 Yeah that would be a lot of fun. I didn't realize that cats sleep so much. Must be nice.
 Oh yeah I guess so ha ha. There's even a town in Alaska that has a mayor cat.
 I heard that, winning Cha Cha championships and everything!
 Yes that is amazing. He won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship back in 1958 in fact.
 Neither did I. That is insane because Tupac was a famous rapper. 
 I didn't know this thanks for sharing.
 Wow!!! That is amazing coming from such a talented singer and dancer. I couldn't even dance like that even if I dreamed of it.
 I heard that some professional ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes in a week.
 That is crazy!  That can't be cheap for them.
 Yes. a google search takes more computing power than sending astronauts tot he moon
 And before on Google moon they used to use cheese for close ups!
 do you know how google maps calculates traffic?
 Interesting! Google really is taking over the world. Their data center electricity use is 0.01 percent of all worldwide electricity.
 Before Google launched gmail, that was the name of a free email service offered by garfield's website. That actually seems more fun.
 That seems fun! That reminds me of the Anderson house bed and breakfast in Minnesota. They used to offer a free cat for the night when you booked a room.
 wow. there is a town in alaska where the mayor of the town is a cat
 That is cool. Cats are a pretty smart species. There has not been a cat species extinction in 10,000 years.
 Can you believe there is stars that can be cold enough to be touched ? The universe is so diverse. 
 Its amazing and ever evolving. 
 Yeah and there is even places that exist but we never will be able to see because they are too far away. 
 Yes that is what I was saying, albeit I doubt that there is only one electron in the universe like some people say. 
 Yeah, but only one ? For all the universe ? It does not seems logic ...
 Because an electron is part of matter, the water you drink, the chair you sit on. Saying there is only 1 electron in the universe is like saying there is 1 grain of wheat in your bread.  
 Not where I lived, if I want to read a comic book, I had to go to the library. But as I think about it Tintin is a comic book, so I was wrong, I did read a lot of them when I was young but they were European.  
 Agreed. Isn't it also funny James Earl Jones only spent two and half hours recording his lines for Darth Vader? I also can't believe he was only paid $7500! Geez, that's pocket change.
 Agreed. Can you also believe that George Lucas' wife at the time, Marcia, won an academy award for her editing on Star Wars and yet George Lucas didn't win an academy award for directing. That is just downright unbelievable!
 Yeah I would have to watch it as well! So are you also a fan of Chewbacca? I love him. I think it's funny there's a bat species called the Chewbacca bat. That's hilarious!
 Really? That's awful to hear!
 Of Roosevelt's 20 pets two were a bear and hyena!
 Whoa, cool! I know he seemed to be quite the animal lover.
 And there are more pets in Japan than there are children under 15. You can't be a pets "OWNER" in Boulder but you can be their guardian.  
 Cool word! Did you know there are 20 quintillion animal varieties on Earth?
 Yeah, and the Loch Ness monster is protected under the 1912 Scottish Animal Protection Act.
 Lol...speaking of water animals, did you know that hiccoughs are a left over from evolution when we had gills?
 Yes, a seahorse wouldn't be very good for that purpose. Did you know seahorses are the only fish with a neck?
 I don't think a black swallower fish would be good as a companion pet either because it can eat prey twice its length!
 Very cool chatting with you. Did you know there are 6331 groups of genes? They are common to all living animals!
 That is sad. Do you have pets? The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat.
 Yes, I have a dog.  Sounds like in the Dear Amy that they do everything tit for tat. The cat owner states that her fiance has to get rid of his saltwater fish if she gets rid of her cat.  That's not necessarily fair though I don't think.  They seem like they may struggle as a couple in the future.
 Yeah that's a bit dramatic! A cat lover is known as an ailurophile and a dog lover is known as a cynophile.
 Allergies can be serious to people.  I understand his reserve of having a cat.
 Over 1.5 million living animal species have been described. I'm sure they can find one to agree on. 
 Did you ever hear that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated?  That's a new one to me.  
 Apparently, there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.  If you want to live forever, you can look into being a jellyfish.
 Fascinating! In japan, there are more pets than there are children under 15.
 Wow! There are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia.
 I never met anyone with a tiger pet.  That is strange.  It's not legal to own pets in Boulder, Colorado but you can be their guardian.
 Lots of places have special animal rights. In 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights.
 The loch ness monster is protected by 1912 Scottish provisions
 That's funny. It's not even a proven species. There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 DNA matches could be connected via social media.
 Yes, 20 quintillion, can you believe that?Wow
 lol, I know, I guess  the US have more tigers as pets than living wild in Asia.
 No, I do not.  I am actually allergic to cats.  The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat
 Now that I had no idea of.  Did you know that some tarantulas keep frogs as pets?
 No, I do not.  What kind do you have?  84 per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish
 Seriously?  I thought they just evaporated in the sun?
 No, that was chock  full of interesting facts. Hiccups are residual from when we had gills and lungs? Interesting stuff.
 I knew one of those in my fraternity in college I think. I was shocked to learn there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal. Only creature on earth that can claim that here on the planet.
 I already looked up that jellyfish on my phone. Fascinating, yes loch ness is protected and pets in Boulder, Colorado are not owned, but guarded. Interesting how different cultures handle that.
 Yes, that is sad in some ways too. Happy we're keeping them alive, probably in zoo but going extinct in the wild is a sad statement on the planet today.
 While I'm a pet owner, that going a bit far. Do you give dogs and cats rights, how about those dairy cows or cattle to be eaten. Do they get lesser rights?
 I read that and thought the same. I wonder how similar the Zebra Fish is to humans? Can we use that in medical research?
 haha ya I like that, what is also wild to me is that there are more domesticated tigers living as pets than there are wild tigers living around asia
 In Boulder, Colorado you cannot own a pet. You can be their guardian though.
 hmm that seems dumb like its just playing with words, do you like Teddy Roosevelt? apparently he had over 20 pets, or as they say in Colorado, "Guardians" haha
 So seahorses are salt water right? I guess they drink water though their mouths while freshwater fish only drink through their skin.
 yes that would be true, also true is that 84% of human disease genes are also associated with the zebrafish, we need to study that fish too!
 How odd! Do you think the loch ness monster is real? It is a protected species!
 haha I wish it were real! that's funny they did that in 1912, maybe they knew something that we dont?
 LOL yep you don't want to be around an angry tiger mom haha. I guess they found one on the southern Border in Texas, a bag with a baby tiger that is
 Haha I wonder if humans developed these white patches as well. What do you think about Germany giving constitutional rights to animals? They did that back in 2002
 Well I'll have to watch that movie. I just think it's cool that hiccups are relics of When Animals had both lungs and gills, so next time you have the hiccups think about that LOL
 It's funny that it's protected by 1912 Scottish law, the "protection of animals act". hopefully that means that it's a real animal LOL but I doubt it
 That is crazy! I also think it's crazy that there is a jellyfish breed that can never die AKA its immortal
 Haha I haven't seen it either! Maybe some people have the black swallower fish disease, because black swallow fish Can Eat Prey twice their length and 10 times their weight haha
 Haha that's a lot of animals! We have a dog actually, but I can't believe that there are more pet tigers in the USA than Wild Ones in Asia, a lot of people must have illegal pets here
 Thats interesting. I heard George RR Martin had an illustration that Chewie is based off of
 I recall the time that Kanye stood up to a President when he perceived racism, now he seems to have flipped.  I guess they money makes a big difference,
 I noticed the different hats in the military but did not know it had to do with rank. 
 Yes they have a function to play. In the old west, the most popular hat was the bowler!
 Wow! They always show a stetson or something close so I'm shocked by that. 
 That's also a strange hat. As far as old traditions in British politics I don't understand why they still wear powdered wigs in court either. So strange. 
 I didn't know that. Very interesting. Rappers also have some odd beliefs. Like Kanye West who thinks AIDS is a man-made disease.
 Oh yeah you're right. He was the Reptar Wagon in the 1998 Rugrats Movie!
 Yes he was. He has a distinct voice so I don't know how I missed it initially. 
 I didn't know that either. That has to sound a lot different than the rap battles here. It was nice talking with you as well. 
 Not sure to be honest, I'd love to know too though.
 I mean - I think it is definitely music...but I agree not my type.
 Doesn't music needs melody ? ;)
 a sample on keyboard doesn't count ;)
 I'm thinking you haven't heard much more than whats on the radio then
 Can't say I know them!
 Wow, that's way cooler than the fact that they didn't let women wear pants until 1993.
 Hello! I do like Star Wars! I can't believe companies thought it would be a flop!
 Yeah can you believe that? Now the franchise of Star Wars is estimated to be worth $65 billion.
 Maybe the Harry Potter movies? I don't think the movie Blade Runner comes close to it haha. Have you seen it?
 Now that is something that I have thought a lot about as well. That classic line at the end of the first movie delivered by the replicant was actually improvise by the actor.
 That is fascinating! Blade runner was the last sci-fi movie to be made completely analog, that is there were no computerized graphics.
 Yes earth is epic indeed! When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long! But that was a very long time ago!
 lol, I agree with you!! I didn't know Nevada is the only state to have a none of the above voting option?
 I agree!! Did you know since 1900 the taller candidate has won by 75%?
 Yeah, can't make good choices when your sugar has dropped!  It can't believe it took until 1993 for women to wear pants on the senate floor. 
 I've heard one of the Senators keeps candy in their desk. Pretty cool! Did you know that Since 1900, the taller candidate has won the us presidential election 75% of the time?
 What! No, I did not know that, that is very interesting. 
 Also, Astronauts vote from space, so the rest of us have no excuse not to make it to an election. 
 Haha, that is funny! Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these candidates" voting option for presidential elections.
 The voter turnout for us presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years! That's actually more than I would guess. 
 That's true. Not all men in the uk had the right to vote until 1918.
 I'm sure a lot. Elections are fairly new. rom 1789 until 1913, Senators were appointed by legislatures of the states they represented; following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment in 1913, they are now popularly elected. 
 I don't. it was a long time ago! Women were not allowed to wear pants on the u.s. senate floor until 1993. 
 Strange and freaky! dian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter.
 It's interesting that astronauts vote from space! 
 Right, I'll have to look that up. Indian government sets up a polling booth in a  forest that is full of lions for just one voter.
 Yes I did. And even though we don't have to go to a forest full of lions, voter turnout for US presidential elections has not reached 62.8 percent in the last 100 years.
 Since 1900 the taller candidate has won the US presidential election. Hope that's just a coincidence!
 Ha, maybe you should. Officials in Athens didn't have much faith in elections. They thought it would lead to oligarchy.
 It is where power is concentrated in a small group of people.
 Not sure I have faith in any, as all great civilizations come to an end. It seems like we are still barely progressing though. Women could not wear pants in the US senate floor until 1993 after a couple of women senators protested by wearing pantsuits.
 I think it's interesting that astronauts vote from space. Yet, we have low turnouts for presidential elections for those of us on earth, haha.
 Yeah, the Indian government set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for one voter, that is pretty neat.
 I like, the sport but there is not MLB team in my city, so I don't watch it. But I find it really interesting, full of small details, like managers wear a uniform so they could replace a player if they need to. 
 I'm pretty sure that it has, I know that it made a ton of money. Apparently the villain used to sing that song I mentioned, Let It Go, but the song was so happy that they changed the character
 There's like a princess, a reindeer and a snowman, they're like them three most important characters. Also this is the first movie that was produced by Walt Disney and directed by a woman.
 I think so. Apparently she was the first female director of a film that earned over 1 billion dollars too. So that is another record that she set
 I know right? I hope that the dogs get a treat at least haha. Did you know that Istanbul has vending machines that reward stray dogs for bringing back trash?
 Thanks you too! And watch out for dogs, they're not actually colorblind but they just don't see as many colors as a normal human can
 I watched an episode of a TV show Shameless recently and it showed an immigrant child separated from his parents in Texas who ended up in foster care in Chicago!
 Many are adopting the kids because they want to give them safe homes!
 Hahaha, liked the graphics, tooo!  Do you like dogs? I didn't know that among dogs they have 12 different blood types!!!!!!!
 Really, me either. I have a bad memory for some things. lol, but I think I will never forget that Minnie Mouse's name is really Minerva.
 No, But I did not know they were first designed for the military
 It could be for training purpose. I'm wondering why Australia has more banned games than China... It means some US games also banned... It's quite strange. 
 it is like kids in korea being banned playing games after 12
 maybe you should go to the show you can get a medal Maybe
 Thank you for your time but I must go now
 bye
 Yah, it was pretty cool. I didn't catch who the olympic gold medalists were, did you? They said there were two of them there.
 Yes I play video games somewhat, used to play Maurice a kid but I don't play that many these days. What about you? I'm just glad that I didn't grow up in South Korea because apparently playing a video game after midnight if your under 16 is illegal
 LOL I have heard of the game but I have never played it. I do know that they did a study and apparently as a planet we play about 3 billion hours of video games a week so I definitely should be playing more perhaps haha
 Well I really liked the Nintendo 64 and I also like the original Xbox, it's interesting that I played a Toy Story game back in the day and it wasn't actually Tom Hanks who did the voice but his brother Jim Hanks
 I agree with you. Did you ever play the video game LittleBigPlanet or Harry Potter? Apparently the same person did the narration in both of those video games, his name is Stephen Fry
 Haha yes I can do that. It's interesting that the softball is bigger than a baseball because it is about 12 in in circumference, I've never played softball but that seems like a really big ball lol
 No I've never seen one actually. It's interesting though that the average salary for a professional softball player is at most $6,000 LOL definitely you're not retiring on that money
 I find that useful too! Edgar allen poe wrote about a cyborg, the oldest example of it.
 Me too. Julius Ceasar wrote fan fiction too!
 I don't either. Imagine being the racist judge who tried to ban a comic book because of a black guy in it.
 I know. I cannot believe people want to upload their minds to computers!
 Right? I wonder who built it too? I wish my son could do that stuff. But not smoking. Smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty.
 me too. do you know way back then though how people were appointed in ancient athens?
 yeah there is no knowing there. In Nevada they have a none of these candidate options in the ballot.
 I did not know about that one. not a lot of people seems to vote though since less than 63 people go out and vote
 yes it is because it is a right and we are not using it to its best.
 hahaa I really wonder if that has any correlation with how people perceive the candidates
 did you hear that international electoral observers were blocked from polls in nine states in 2012
 maybe they did not trust them, i have no idea. do you know when republicans and democrats started using red and blue?
 Really, wow I am really bad at politics I guess.  
 It is one of those that I feel like I don't always understand, but love to hear the analysis of and see how deep it can get.  For instance, there is a poem where if you read it one way it's sad, but read it in reverse and it's actually inspirational!
 There is one guy that wrote a poem of over 220 words in palindrome (where it is the same backwards and forwards -- like "nurses run")!
 Wow!  That is crazy!  I hope he had a good day job.  Maybe just regular fiction works would have been better financially.
 Maybe like a Superman type or Hercules?  Funny thing, future emperor Julius Caesar actually wrote Hercules based fan fiction when he was younger.  I wonder what that was like.
 I have in the past. Kind of amazing someone built a working computer using only the mine craft building blocks.
 Exactly. I think it's so funny authors used have to write on old typewriters. Now they have computers which can basically carry out any sequence of arithmetic or logical operations.
 Oh wow! Now there is a poem, I forgot that I loved! The Raven, by Edgar Allen Poe. It's been so long since I've heard it! I mean like 20+ years! Something about The Raven rap-tap-tapping on his door, or floor? Haha. I heard he only got $9 for the publication of that poem! Go figure.
 Oh yeah? What an interesting person he must have been, in general! I don't even know what Javanese is , but apparently their alphabet when recited in order, is a poem. The ABC's are pretty poetic to me, now that we recite them so sing-songy.
 Someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic Minecraft building blocks. I wonder what kind warranty that one has?!
 That's crazy! Precisely why I'm not an astronaut! I wouldn't want to do crazy things such as trust my life to 1mb of ram! 
 Woah! In the 50's a judge tried to ban a sci-fi comic because it featured a black character! Thank goodness, we've come a long way from that hatefulness. But still we have a ways to go, before things are truly equal, really for all races.
 If only I knew about it years ago!!!!! I didn't realize they own IMDB as well!
 I know, I didn't either!  Thinking the amazon warehouse workers don't need a gym membership with walking 7-15 miles each day on a shift! Omg!
 I would be the fittest man alive working there haha. They ought to use horses there! Especially Icelandic horses that can speedwalk!
 Ha, ha, ha, Yes!! Good idea, I love horses, Guess you can't ride your horses to school on, no vehicle day or you can get suspended.
 Oh really, Wow! Did you know Clint Eastwood is allergic to horses, after riding all those horses in the movies?
 You would have never guessed since he rode like hundreds of them! He should have rode sharks instead!
 Crazy to think that is one long time! I didn't know they could be trained like dogs to bark!
   I didn't know that either. I would like to hear that. I will have to look that up!
 They already sound a lot smarter than me haha. I always wondered why dalmatians were used at firehouses.
 Yes I think it was! It all makes sense to me now haha. They really are. I don't know many animals or things that can change colors of their skin!
 They really are! Well it was nice chatting with you have a good night!
 And the CEO Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years! I guess he has the money to do so!
 Me neither! Amazon seems to have a lot of power, they have a contract with the post-office to make sure our packages get delivered even on Sunday!
 that is neat. Did you know they started with being an online bookstore?
 It is weird, but true
 I did not know about this fact.  I am wondering if it is still in effect.  By the way, nice chatting with you
 Well one problem is the election is based on the electoral college more than actual peoples votes. If we could get rid of the electoral college and get back to the popular vote, like it should be, he wouldn't even have won the first time.
 for sure, people made good money and the economy was great! Good chatting with you!
 Yeah I'm not sure. But every US president with a beard has been Republican.
 True.  I also heard that Hillary Clinton was president of the young republicans when she was in college.
 Oh that's interesting especially given the fact that she just ran Democrat. The red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in 2000.
 Yeah me too but it sounds like they used to use animals more. Truman seem to take that very seriously especially at Disneyland.
 Haha thats funny. Apparently officials in ancient athens were appointed by lottery because they believe elections would lead to oligarchy.
 Yeah that is definitely an odd stat.
 Haha i guess you can vote for anything. Like blinking, another odd stat is the tallest candidate has won in 75% of elections.
 Yeah they will no doubt win! Nevada is actually the only state to have a "none of these" candidates voting option.
 Yea more states should do it maybe. More states should elect women too. Texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the 19th amendment!
 I do. I just learned that the Republican Party was founded by anti-slavery activists. Surprising.
 That's a good thing! Did you know in 1957 President Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with the Republican Party?
 Huh. I never noticed! Hard to believe voter turnout for US Presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years.
 Oh that is funny! During the 2012 US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in 9 states.
 I do. Can you believe when Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor of CA he never lived in Sacramento, instead he commuted 3 hours every day by private jet.
 Very! Did you know Ralph Lawrence Carr was the only Governor to oppose the internment of Japanese Americans during WW2?
 Wow! Well, Texas elected their first female Governor, the second in the nation, before some states even ratified the 19th amendment. 
 Hello - it doesn't surprise me. I've even heard that taller people in interviews for jobs tend to get the job more often.
 Not sure how true it is, but that's what I've been told. Did you know Hillary Clinton was president of young republicans in college?
 Wow that's crazy. I can't imagine traveling that far for work. 
 Yea I bet it is a very boring game. A cat named Hank placed third in a Virginia senate election once before. 
 Yes I love watching movies! Summer was considered a bad time to release a movie in the theater because of low sales until steven spielberg's jaws.
 Steven spielberg still makes millions from star wars off a bet with george lucas they made in 1977!
 haha thats awesome,  I wonder what the bet was.Steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack. 
 I was wondering the same! After filming the goonies steven spielberg flew the entire cast to hawaii and surprised director richard donner with a cookout.
 Amazing!  Thats so nice. When steven spielberg rode jurassic park the ride on opening day he requested that he was let off before the 84 foot drop
 Too funny! Speaking of entertainers that make a lot of money, With over $8.5 billion worldwide film earnings, tom hanks is the highest all-time box office star.
 He is very talented. Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure.
 Good thing they didn't! Disney's "treasure planet" was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time.
 yeah,  I read that recently,  I never saw it.  The movie trojan wars with a budget of $15,000,000 has earned only $309 in box office
 That movie was great and creepy at the same time.  
 Super creepy. Spielberg became a household name as the director of Jaws.
 Also, When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.  Such short days!  i wouldnt mind going to work for only 2 hours lol 
 That would be great! If earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.
 Mind blown!  I love these facts! In september of 2010, the united nations appointed official ambassador to extraterrestrials in they case they would ever make contact with earth
 What?! Thats funny. Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago.
 Wow. The majority of Earth's polar regions are covered in ice, including the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice of the Arctic ice pack. 
 was good talking to you!
 Well that was sure nice of them to do that, I'm sure Spielberg appreciated it!
 I don't really though I like Disney movies. How about you?
 Me too, I love Disney movies.  I read that Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty flopped.
 I didn't even know that Sleeping Beauty was a flop! Treasure Planet was also a Disney movie and was the most expensive box office flops of all times.
 Would  you see the Silence of the Lambs on Valentine's day? That's the day it came out in 1991. It made over $270 million in box office.
 I remember seeing it, but it wasn't on Valentine's day!
 Trojan Wars on the other hand ws a failure. It had a 15 million budget and earned only $309 in box office.
 That's pitiful!
 Yes that is quite sad. Another sad thing is even though humans are destroying the earth, if earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent one minute and 17 seconds.
 Awesome, I read somewhere that when the Earth was formed a day was only 5 1/2 hours.  
 Wow, I can't even get enough done in 24 hours!
 Wow what a loss, did you know Steven Spielberg still make millions from star wars because a bet from George Lucas in 1977?
 I heard that Netflix is losing a lot of money because of password sharing. Did you know Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star? I would believe it.
 I was fascinated to hear about that.  That would mean he did not accept the divinity of Jesus Christ, but that He was only a human man.
 There was man who was falsely imprisoned. He used the prison library to study law and learn to free himself. That is amazing don't you think?
 I do and that is good to hear. Also, half of adult have library cards that seems like more than I would have thought.
 I know. I don't know that a lot of my friends go to the library. The Sacramento Library has instituted a type of library that might make going to the library more interesting to many. They started a library of things, so you can check out sewing machines and other things that you don't need to own for a long time.
 The more amazing thing to me is how he carted all those books by wheelbarrow over 3/4 mile. He was 85!
 Oh, that's interesting. I would never have thought as luck would have it, break the ice, and full circle were from Shakespeare.
 Not only did he coin terms, but he created names. The names Miranda, Olivia and Jessica were invented by Shakespeare. I didn't know those names went so far back!
 Thomas Jefferson didn't seem to agree with all parts of the Bible. He made his own version and cut out the supernatural parts. I wonder why that was.
 Interesting!. All so at least three Presidents saw the Bible differently (Jefferson, Roosevelt and Adams.) Iti is interesting to think about how the Bible changes too. For example, the apple from Adam and Eve was a translation from the 4th century.
 I saw that in 1975 the Soviet Union sent a spacecraft to Venus.
 You can fit every other planet between Earth and the moon/
 I believe it does. There is a planet that orbits four stars.
 That's crazy! Manned space stations orbit Jupiter are impossible due to the intense radiation.
 I've heard that too. Even heard you can pick up the strong storms on Earth over radios
 That would be hard to do. It says he went 3 hours per day by private jet. Talk about a long commute.
 I agree. Did you know that Athiests cannot be governor of South Carolina.
 Wow, I didnt know that.  Texas actually elected the first female governor.
 That's really good to know. The governor of Oklahoma has an Oklahoma shaped pool.
 They say that babies spontaneously dance to music. I suppose that shows there's something very fundamentally human in dance.
 LOL, no. Can't imagine how that would help her get the part? I do know that Bruce Lee once won a cha-cha competition in Hong Kong.
 Larry Hogan could probably have used the support of a group like the Beatles, but I'm sure he will be ok.  At least he isn't as bad as North Dakota's in 1934 who actually seceded from the US for a short time!
 It's crazy to think that red/blue connotations for the parties isn't even 20 years old.  
 The Bush's had a heck of a run with three terms.  In fact, before Trump, you'd have to go back to 1928 to find an elected republican that didn't have nixon or a bush.
 Wow.  There are some crazy planets out there.  Venus doesn't even have seasons because it doesn't tilt and rotates in a different direction than the rest of the planets that revolve around our sun.
 Amen, to that.  Movie ticket prices are outrageous, nowadays.  Netflix has almost 150 movies that carry a 100% Rotten Tomatoes rating.
 All the time.  It is another one of those companies created by college students.  Lol.  All I did in college was party!
 Just a random note, did you realize that Bruce Lee wa such a good dancer?
 I know right!  He won the 1958 Cha Cha championship in Hong Kong.  I can not even picture that.
 Speaking of dancing, are you aware that Michael Jackson holds a patent on a dance device?
 I did not know that but if anyone would have one it's him.
 Wow, I didn't know that!
 I didn't either.  I guess for the song Smooth Criminal.
 Dance truly is interesting. As for the babies dancing spontaneously when they hear music, I totally agree. My child does the same
 Mine do as well.  Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
 I was just reading that.  How cool is that? I like to watch some of the stuff on Netflix.
 Tellus and Telluris!  very cool! This is also a planet that orbits four stars!
 Seems like it. I never saw it, though.They are pretty talented to be good at both acting and dancing. Singing, too?
 Yes, they do.  I didn't know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer.  I thought he just beat up bad guys. 
 I can see him but Tupac?  I guess Tupac danced ballet in high school.  How can you hide a gun in tights? 
 If they do, they are probably "R" rated.  Disney has changed for the worse.  I think it's great the Spielberg played clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack.
 Don't know... I do know that Phil Collins recorded the Tarzan sound track in many different languages. Ilaian, German, etc. 
 I wonder if that biases their judgement for WB productions.  No film based on video games ever got a rating above 44% from RT.
 Oh I agree with you. I just feel bad that James Earl Jones only made about eight grand for doing the voice in the first movie, although it was only about two and a half hours of work, he hit it out of the park
 Really? That is bad. Have you ever scene the scenes without him and the original actor? 
 Yeah I know, he did a great job for the limited time, can you believe that 20th Century Fox let George Lucas keep the merchandising rights, that's what made him a billionaire, so crazy I don't think they would do that ever again
 No I agree with you. Are you going to watch the Academy Awards by the way? They give out 24 Awards and I think that the first broadcast was back in 1930, which is wild
 Yes I agree with you! I watch YouTube almost everyday. I can't believe that Google bought YouTube for 1.65 billion dollars back in 2006. That seems like so long ago
 Yep I agree with you. Did you know that YouTube is the second biggest search engine, I assume that Google is the first
 Yeah I know that everyone uses YouTube do you ever watch the music video for Gangnam Style by the way. That is one of the highest viewed videos on youtube
 Yep it was definitely a fad haha. So was Justin Bieber song Baby, I don't think it should be the most disliked video on YouTube, but it's definitely annoying
 I have seen several. I read Tran who played rose left Instagram after racist messages from fans.
 Me too. The last Jedi divided it's fans
 Did you know Chloe Bennet changed her last name to get in to US easier
 No I didn't know that, I wonder how many people do that when they come here.  
 Seems like a lot. Apparently they get more call backs with American last names.
 That's a lot for 2 and half hours.in 2018 star wars was worth $65 billion
 In 2013 star wars was dubbed in Navajo, making it the first major film to be in navajo
 No for what? Fox thought star wars would flop
 Do you watch the academy awards? Eminem has more Oscars than Leonardo DiCaprio
 The Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys in 2013.
 Daniel day Lewis I think.
 Probably. Blazing saddles was nomonanom for 3 Oscars too. Well have a great night.
 Cool! James Cameron decided to quit being a truck driver so that he could enter the film industry after watching Star Wars. I guess that was the right decision.
 Crazy! Fox thought Star Wars was going to flop and agreed to George Lucas's proposition to forgo an extra $500K directing fee so that he could keep licensing and merchandising rights. Their decision cost them billions of dollars
 Yeah, in 2018 the whole Star Wars franchise was estimated at $65 billion
 I am not sure I even know who he is. Good for him. John Williams has been nominated for more Oscars than anyone besides Walt Disney.
 He got a special Oscar in 1938 for snow white that had a regular sized statuette and seven miniature oscars. 
 Speaking of Oscars, Kelly Marie Tran went to them. She is the first non white woman in Star Wars leading role.
 The total value of the franchise was about $65 billion.  It will definitely always be a legend!
 And 20 century fox though star wars was going to be a failure!!
 I agree, it is basically nothing.. Did you know George Luca's wife influenced the star wars movies a lot?
 Wow, and he has won more awards than Leo Di Caprio, Johnny Depp and Bill murray combined
 Have to check!! Do you know who has won , best actor 3 times?
 It is Daniel Day Lewis, what an accomplishment
 Horrors good for Your health ? You poop more often ? I don't know ;)
 I mean I wouldn't say it's stupid... if he was here illegally, that means he broke the law... there was no legal way to get here ?
 ahhh, I did not get that. So he came it legally ? and he couldn't marry white woman ? Was that a law ? What year was that ??
 His marriage did not become legal until 1948, prior to that it was considered illegal.  No woman has every been nominated for best cinematography Oscars either, so I guess there are still some issues.
 I like the fantasy escape from all of our problems we find at the box office.  I guess others do to since Tom Hanks has made over 8.5 billion.
 I mean good for him, he was always very talented, but honestly, I don't remember seeing any new movie with him, do You ?
 I think they have a separate division but can't remember what it is called.  I'm not sure I'd like to see the name Disney on a film like Silence of the Lambs though.
 I love the name of the cat. The name is Chief Mouser of the cabinet office LOL can't say I like cats though haha
 Apparently she's related to the prime minister of the United Kingdom during World War I. That's very bizarre
 I did not know that. It's funny that so many people turned 100 they had to find a way to make cheaper cups though haha
 I'm not sure actually. They might have just donated it because they're nice. Unlike The guy who sold the Eiffel Tower twice who definitely just wanted the money haha
 Hi! Did you know the Prime Minister of Australia's position isn't actually in their constitution but only exists through custom? I find that surprising!
 Wow I didn't know that. I also didn't know that the Prime Minister selects and then can dismiss members of the cabinet. I always wondered what they did
 That is very strange. Do you know who Helena Bonham Carter is? She was in the Harry Potter movies, but anyway she is the great-granddaughter of a prime minister
 That is a good question. Maybe it is Area 51 that they own haha? It's also crazy to think that Norway donated a billion dollars to help save the rainforest, I wonder if they own the land or just donated it
 That's a good question. I'm glad they're taking action to protect the rainforests though! Did you ever hear about the guy in France who posed as a government official and sold the Eiffel Tower twice? It's like how did he pull that off? Someone like him could sell fire in hell! Ha!
 No I've never even heard of that movie. I do know that gives a good actor, I loved him in Edward Scissorhands even though he only said 196 words
 Yes absolutely! It's crazy that he was born in 1963, I remember when he was just a young man
 It's kinda strange Stephen King considers bambi a horror movie
 I'm surprised the boy from the shinning couldn't figure out he was in a horror movie from the scenes with the bloody elevator and creepy twins
 Probably pretty scary, apparently you can burn more than 180 calories watching a horror movie
 Good Morning! Do you like to watch horror films?
 What are some of your favorite ones? Stephen king considers Bambi one haha.
 You're right on that one. Did you know you can burn 180 calories watching one?
 That is a good question. You would think watching the cinematography alone would let you know it was one!
 That could be it! Did you know no woman has ever been nominated for best cinematography at the oscars?
 I agree with you! Especially with the box office at what it is. I would hate to work for the movie Trojan Wars. They made only 309 dollars on a budget of 15 million!
 Oh for sure! Have you seen Disney's Treasure Planet? That was one of the most expensive box office flops ever.
 I am surprised too, especially with the Disney name attached to it!
 I am going to google that now. Have a good day!
 Yes they should make a movie about him! it's interesting to that until 1978 you could use any object as a tennis racket, that sounds dangerous
 That's a great point! Did you know that table tennis is the name of the actual sport, and that ping pong is only the name of the company that sells the table tennis equipment?
 No I don't. I really don't like soccer I think it's boring LOL it's weird to me that the Super Bowl is smaller than soccer's biggest events
 Well soccer is a good exercise though, apparently a player will run about 7 miles per game, that's good for burning calories
 That's really nice of him! What a nice guy, why do you think Greenland can't join FIFA? Apparently it's because they can't grow green grass LOL
 I was asking about the longest point in pro tennis, apparently it lasted for 29 minute straight, it was a 600 shot rally, that's incredible
 During a uk tour in 2011, drake spent an Obscene amount of money'' on first editions of children's classic books  Charlotte's web' and  Winnie the pooh'.
 I wonder why he would do that. He doesn't seem like he is into reading seeing as though he graduated high school so late
 Yes.  Drake initially gained recognition as an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi: The Next Generation in the early 2000s.
 Hello,  how are you doing? Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined.
 I do not follow soccer, I do remember reading about the German player who donated his bonus so 23 kids could have surgery.
 I didn't know the rapper Drake, was Canadian, did you?
 That's sweet, and it's interesting that he chose to graduate at 25, instead of getting his GED.
 I'm not sure, as I've never watched it, even though it was on for seven years.
 Probably but not in serious competitions. A tennis player actually invented the polo! Who knew!
 The player was Rene "The crocodile" lacoste. His company uses the alligator and is called Lacoste still!
 They use helicopters to dry us open tennis courts. Who knew!
 I know. The longest match in history was 11 hours over 3 days! 
 oh nice! That reminds me, Eddie van Halen actually set a studio speaker on fire from playing the guitar solo for Beat It, 
 Same here. Whenever i watch people, it looks so easy to pick up and learn... until you actually try to learn and realize its alot harder than it looks hah. Taking the time to build up muscles in your fingers is hard work.
 Yes. That piano must be worth a bit of money
 Cool! I'm listening to Were an American band right now, i reeeeaally love the guitar playing!
 i heard that the group does them as a pajama party!
 live players doing popular music like Dream On as part of the show is surprising!
 Not unexpected, given that the theater only holds 100 or so people.
 It has spread so there is now a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs have jazz-like harmonies.
 Many people, even Clint eastwood are lifelong jazz enthusiasts, and scored several films, including million dollar baby
 People are often multitalented!    Thanks for the chat!
 Hello - I did not know that. Do you like jazz music?
 That's pretty cool. Jazz trumpeters grew goatees to provide comfort while playing.
 I didn't know they had those two different styles. That's really cool.
 That's cool. A Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts in her apartment for 20 years now.
 I bet so too. Pakistan has a jazz orchestra.
 Me either lol. Eddie Van Halen set his studio speakers on fire when he recorded the guitar solo for "beat it".
 That's cool I've heard of people using coins before.
 It probably would give it a different sound I would think since you're strumming the strings with a metal and not plastic pick.
 I bet you're right on that. He also has a PHD in astrophysics.
 That's funny. A group climb Britain's highest mountain back in 2006 and found a piano on top.
 I couldn't even imagine the ordeal it would have been for whomever had to take that piano up there originally.  An aluminum grand piano weighs 356 pounds and that's light compared to a regular piano.
 Wow that's much lighter compared to a regular one.
 I like Eddie Van Halen I heard the studio got on fire with one of his solos, so much power in that guitar
 Really, wow! I wonder how many people had TV then?
 Matthew bellamy from the band muse holds the guinness world record for most guitars smashed on a tour.
 Really, I didn't know they like Jazz, that's interesting! Did you know Jazz trumpeters like to wear a goatee? It gives comfort when playing. Makes sense.
 I better not tell my son, or he will be trying to play my daughter's sax. Clint Eastwood is a jazz fan, and scored several films.
 Yes, I heard he is a lifelong pianist! Very cool..In Harlem, in a woman's apartment for 20 years she holds Jazz concerts. Sometimes top performers stop by! 
 No what? Did you know there is a piano at the top of Britain's highest mountain? I would like to see that!
 I would have loved to have been in the studio when Eddie Van Halen set the speakers on fire.
 I know pretty crazy!! Like when MJ caught his hair on fire! My goodness what's with the fire? I was interested to know about the computer program you mentioned?
 Yes, he likes the English sixpence.  Did you know Queen's guitarist has a PHD in astrophysics! Talented and smart.
 Really, yes that would be interesting to see. There must be a picture somewhere? 
 True, I love to hike, I can't imagine climbing to the top of Britain's highest mountain and finding a piano! I wonder how it holds up in the elements? Maybe it was just there for a time?
 I would not have expected that at all. Things may have gone differently for him had he followed that passion. I know that the New Orleans style of jazz started in the 1910's. 
 WOW! I didn't think anything could stop The Beatles. No offence to Armstrong but I know a lot more people that still listen to The Beatles. 
 I think I would be more interested in the helicopter that dried the grass tennis courts for the 1969 US Open.
 Oh yeah, more than I shoud. I know I'm not the only one. In 2013 Google went down for five minutes and took 40 percent of web traffic with it.
 And they did hire live goats to mow their lawns once. That is pretty kewl.
 Haha, hilarious. I will have to check it out!
 I have no idea.  I bet those would be some smelly shoes though!  They say putting a dry tea bag inside smelly shoes will absorb the unpleasant odor.  I'll have to try that to try that on my smelly stinky shoes. Lol lol
 Oh wow, I never knew that. I actually have a huge problem with that, so that will help. Surprised I didn't learn that when I googled solutions to that problem (which I've done like 100 times)
 I can't even begin to understand how that makes sense. Then again, I guess computing was done a lot by people by hand back in the 60's
 I don't remember that either, but it makes sense. Did you know that Google as a company officially prefers dogs over cats?!
 Did you know Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis?
 Yep. A black man won the first US open tennis title back in 1968 and no black man has won it since.
 Wow! Over 50 years and still holding the record! I think the next year in 1969 they used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the US open.
 I agree. They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the 1969 US open.
 Yes, they did. The longest tennis match went on for 11 hours over three days. I bet they were exhausted!
 That's crazy long! 
 I agree! It's amazing the facts you can find on Google. Did you know that a single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon?
 That's pretty amazing! I saw that Google maps calculates traffic by how fast Android devices are moving on the road.
 I never knew that! I wonder whose? I know I heard that back in the day Google used goats to keep the lawn under control instead of hiring people to mow.
 That's hilarious! Google went down for 5 minutes back in 2013 and took 40% of the web traffic with it.
 I can imagine. I use it a lot. It's hard to believe its only been around since 1998.
 I agree. When there is a dispute on a border, Google maps tailors the map to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located.
 That sounds logical. I wish I would have gotten on board with the 2004 initial public offering to buy stock. I can't even imagine the outcome.
 I love shoes!! I know that shoes made 5000 years ago perform better than today's shoes!
 That's pretty amazing they perform better than the shoes of today!
 That's a long time, I don't think I've ever done anything for 3 days straight
 Man that's crazy, almost as crazy as using a helicopter to dry grass tennis courts
 Wow, shes so good though, she won a grand slam while pregnant
 When the earth was first formed, there was only 5.5 hours long in a day.  
 Wow.  That is a lot of money.  I heard that it is currently the 5th largest grossing media franchise. 
 Initially 20th century fox was convinced that Star Wars was going to be a flop.  Wow we're they wrong.
 They were wrong indeed.  George Lucas got a better deal by forgoing $500k directing fee.
 James Earl Jones only made $7,500 for 2 1/2 hours of work providing the voice for Darth Vader.  Thought he would have spent more time and made more money recording that voice.
 I wonder if the actors get any royalties from the movie?  
 You would think!  He's a billionaire from the movie!
 Crazy that early humans used to have to battle giant sloths! Who would've thought?
 I know right! Humans have been around for a long time apparently I mean we lost our body hair 240,000 years ago!
 That's really cool. I would love to see that. They should put that in the movie! I think it's cool that humans are adapted for persistence running. We are some of the best animals in the world at it
 No, I had not. So fear comes from sound...? I thought it had to do with the autonomic nervous system, fight or flight thing? That would be really interesting to look into further. 
 Haha that does seem like a great idea! Get a drink and pet a cat LOL. Did you know that a cat will spend 10 years of its life sleeping when it's only 15 years old LOL that's a long time
 Well in the opening scene the cat that they use, I don't know if you remember that part, but it was actually a stray apparently
 I know right. like will a fish get a patch of white on its forehead?the only animals that have that that I've ever seen our dogs, so I just don't know LOL
 I love to fish. the oldest goldfish lived to be 43 years old
 Wow that is a long life for a goldfish! I like to go crabbing too. I heard the seahorse is the only fish with a neck, I
 Whoa! That is crazy to know and interesting. I know there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.
 Awesome. I heard that saltwater fish dink water through their mouths and through their skin, while a freshwater fish only drinks through their skin. Fish are fascinating.
 That is pretty cool. Do you like to bird watch?
 thats neat. They have then thousand living species.
 That's cool. Some birds are known to fly from Alaska to mexico without sleeping, that is tiring to think about.
 That is cool how they even have accents like humans. My favorite is the hummingbird, they are tiny sometimes about 2 inches long.
 They are the smallest birds and the ostrich is the biggest. Some birds don't fly.
 pigeons are one of 3 birds that produce milk for their young.
 Ha! That's weird! I didn't know that! Tennis has an interesting history. Did you know that until 1978, a tennis player could use any object as a racket?
 That's a little before Serena's time! Although, did you know she went pro in tennis at the age of 13?! I could barely even get a ball over the net when I was 13!
 That is for sure! Two girls from Compton came and conquered! In total, Serena has been Number 1 for 319 weeks! 
 Are you kidding me! Three days?! That's a long time! I don't have that kind of patience! Speaking of long records... did you know the longest point in pro tennis history was a 643 shot rally? 
 Yeah! It lasted 29 minutes! I bet it was pretty exhilarating, but also probably pretty exhausting! I would certainly be out of breath after 29 minutes!
 She co-owns the dolphins and was a pro at 13!  Wow, she is really incredible.
 I think she is! Speaking of amazing...imagine this...the worlds fastest rapper can rap 14.1 syllables per second! 
 I am not sure but I would love to hear it! Talk about funny, McDonald's at one time paid rappers 5 bucks every time they said Big Mac in their songs hahahaa....crazy
 I bet they were too! lol! There is even a rapper who is deaf! he raps in sign language, very interesting!
 Hi! Hope you're doing well! So are you a fan of The Walt Disney Company? One of my favorite characters is Minnie Mouse and I was surprised to recently find out her name is short for Minerva Mouse!
 Indeed he is! I also think it's amazing that Big Hero 6 was rendered with a 55,000 core supercomputer. That is amazing!
 Yeah that is interesting. I guess they started that in 2018, it sounds like a lot of people on Twitter were upset too
 About Pride Month or something else?
 Speaking of Disney, what are you like about their movies? Did you know that for instance Minnie Mouse's real name is Minerva LOL
 Yes that's a really crazy thing. Kind of like when he mocked himself on SNL for interrupting someone at an awards show, and then did it in real life to Taylor Swift, definitely the guy has some issues
 Yes I do like rap. I mostly like Tupac Shakur stuff, apparently some of his music is in the Library of Congress actually
 Yeah I can see that. I would like to see a compliment battle actually, those are really popular in Korea, I think it's a much more positive thing than a diss battle that I usually see
 Wow, that is a lof animals for sure, you know that animals have constitutional rights in Germany?
 It's hilarious that McDonalds pays rappers $5 for each time they mention big macs in songs. I'm surprised one hasn't just said "big mac' the entire time.
 Donald Glover's name came from a Wu-Tang Clan name generator. I would have loved to have seen how many he rejected, before settling on "Childish Gambino".
 Wall e was given that name to remember walter disney
 for flubber well pretty rare to involve a scientist for a fictional movie. . good move by the team
 bold moves  may be a  album with Kanye west would be boldest and unimaginable
 still could not to resist to do it with taylor . Oh boy he truly know about his future may be he was feeling dejavu
 Once a judge gave her ruling in form of Rap where eminem is charged 
 Talk about high tech! Bill Nye was a scientist consultant for Disney's flubber!
 Pixar also named wall-e after walter elais disney.
 Speaking of mickey mouse, Minnie mouse was short for Minerva mouse.
 he probably would make no less than 100k a day! that voice is so iconic
 oh yea Han died in Force Awakens. did you know Star Wars is technically responsible for Titanic and Avatar existing?
 I think so too. I can't believe when the earth was first formed, one day was 5.5 hours long!
 What other interesting fact, is that if all of history was 24 hours, humans would only take up about 1 minute worth of the 24 hours, isn't that wild to think about?
 Yes Earth has been around for a long time for sure. So interesting to me is that Earth is about 71% covered with water. The other 29% is land and various Islands.
 Yes I think it's interesting, one cool thing to is that NASA has a list of space technology words that writers can use so that they are making accurate statements in the movie
 Yep you're right! Have you seen the movie? The movie is really violent but I liked it, it's from the director of Robocop. I can't believe it's on the military reading list though
 Yeah that's horrible! interesting that the term "robotic" was created by a science fiction author, you'd think that it would have been an actual science term, and this happened back in 1941 haha
 I did not know that! I was also shocked to learn that George Lucas's wife won an emmy while he did not.
 I find it sad that this was not done until 2013. Don't you think it should have been earlier than that?
 Yeah! That does work out to a great hourly rate though. The total value of the star wars franchise is $65B!
 Who thinks of these stories? I guess it is more of a commentary on my lack of creativity.
 About the same travel the world, visit places that I have never visit before, no matter how far.
 Wow, that is cool, do you know any of your personal friend's dog that donated blood?
 I have been playing for about 25 years now. I saw video games were originally called cathode ray tube amusement devices.
 Haha. I did not know that, but maybe that's a good idea. 
 That is very cool. They are super powerful devices so it makes sense to me.
 Do you like to watch baseball at all?
 Me either. It's a huge past time here in America. I'm excited for opening day.
 I was never into soccer games. I liked Madden though. Did you know that ps3s are being used to research black holes.
 ya I can't wait, weird that charlie Chaplins granddaughter is in the show too!
 Wonder if they ever offered Tom Cruise a part, he has won so many awards for best actor, they probably can't afford him.
 yup I like that movie, I never realized samurai was plural and refers to the whole group and not just Tom Cruise haha
 oh ya that is a really good movie, he is kind of looney though he spent 10 million dollars to build a bunker to protect himself from aliens
 lol, that is a weird movie though, Seinfeld is super rich though, richer than Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise combined apparently 
 Well I am just glad I do not have any stock in MoviePass.  It fell to under a dollar after people found out Christopher Robin was not being shown last summer.
 Netflix is piling up debt to fund all these new series and shows, 21.9 billion at last count.  But they have made 125+ shows and series of new content.
 ah I didn't know that, they sure take up a lot of bandwidth, about 1/3 of all internet traffic
 I bet Blockbuster regrets not buying them for 50 million.  Now they are out of business or pretty close.
 ya, with Netflix now worth about 2 billion, that was definitely a mistake!
 And I feel like that doesn't even big to desribe how huge Netflix is still. Netflix accounts for a third of ALL bandwith in North America from 9pm to 12 am!
 Which is honestly just nuts. And when you combine Netflix and youtube, it's half of the peak internet traffic in North America alone!
 I was surprised to learn recently though, that despite how huge their online platform is, they still do DVD rentals! And spend 20 times more on postage than their bandwith.
 True - but I think they might need to start paying more attention to what they are spending - they racked up $21.9 billion in debt as of Sept 2017 trying to get content!
 I heard about that! I think that would be awesome - following them like the characters in the show!
 I do have an account. Did you know from 9pm-12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all the bandwidth in North America?
 I agree. Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 Netflix is worth $2 billion right now.
 I bet lol. Netflix was started due to a $40 late fee incurred by Reed Hastings.
 Tom Cruise once threatened Tom Kruse who is the inventory of the hoverboard.
 I agree. Tom Cruise spent two years learning Japanese and swordplay in preparation for a film.
 Me too. He has a $10 million dollar underground bunker to protect himself from aliens.
 Yep it's crazy that they're going to spend it 2 billion dollars this year to make more new content. I do like their shows though
 Yeah for sure. I also never knew that in the movie, The Last Samurai, Samurai is actually plural and refers to Tom Cruise and the whole clan
 I always think the Tom Cruise is super rich, but Seinfeld has a net worth that is more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined which is insane
 He has a great actor. Tom Cruise is kind of a weird guy though. He spent $10 on a bunker to protect himself from outer space aliens
 It's great but i don't know.
 Yeah I love them. And I didn't know that Arya is the fastest growing baby girl name in the United States period that is definitely due to Game of Thrones
 which surprises me , I always thought that that was something that pretty much everyone had touched upon in their time in office at least a little bit
 Yeah, I was surprised too. Another surprising fact: Tea Party/GOP poster child Ayn Rand was on Social Security and Medicare. 
 wow. I never cared for her books, did you?
 Wow, that is amazing, I mean what are the ods, that woman is really lucky, I bet she went crazy in that moment.
 I would think so.  I have not been to an major act indoor concert since my high school and college days in the 1970s and the 1980s.  Back then Deep Purple broke the record for the loudest concert ever that rendered 3 people unconscious.  While rendering 3 people unconscious is alarming, I wonder how many people had lifelong hearing damage after that one?
 I agree. They would never win because of parody laws anyway. Did you know that every US president with a beard has been a Republican?! How odd. 
 You may be correct. I was floored to learn that the last time until very recently that a Republican president was elected without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928!
 No, like in politics. It used to be mostly democratic. More interestingly, the "blue" and "red" colors tow denote the two parties weren't legitimately used until 2000. 
 Yeah, he was. The parties have flip flopped so much throughout US history. But on a lighter note, every president who has had a beard has been Republican, which is really crazy.
 No I didn't. That's funny. Maybe Dumbo wasn't crazy about the idea either.
 Good morning! Do you know anything about snakes? I saw a huge one on reddit the other day!
 I recently learn she once accidentally released several seconds of white noise and it somehow topped the Canadian itunes chart.
 Fox discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
 Possibly...The gaming website IGN is actually owned by Fox News.
 Yea very interesting. Fox News is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 They just report things that are fake or swayed to the liberal spectrum of politics. Fox News was created by Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon.
 That is very old. Did you know there hasn't been a president who wasn't a rep or dem since 1853?
 I agree. Every president with a beard has always been a republican.
 I guess so lol. The last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in 1928.
 I don't really have time to read but when I do I like to read fiction. I find it funny that Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Greek mythology.
 And in Greek literature there wasn't much kissing. Romantic kissing is actually a recent development.
 Yeah I think there was a lot of romance just kissing wasn't part of it.
 Interesting! Literature was an olympic event from 1912 to 1952. I always associate the olympics with sports!
 Yeah, pretty subjective. Speaking of literature contests, there isone that challenges writers to come up with the worst opening sentence for a novel.
 That's good! Some of the people speak directly to us and others use the third person, so there are diverse approaches. 
 Yeah same. Also, this was interesting, from 1912 to 1952 architecture, literature, music, painting and sculpture were olympic events. How cool
 That sure is an interesting way to send off a family member. I guess they didn't want to falsely memorialize her.
 I know, I couldnt ever imagine writing something like that about my family.  I guess I am lucky.  
 I didn't know that, would you call that a "copy cat?" haha
 Did you know that dogs have 12 different blood types?
 Good idea!  Dogs and elephants are the only animals instinctively understanding pointing.  I wonder where that leaves monkeys?
 I wonder what the difference is?  Teddy Roosevelt had over 20 pets.  I didn't know this, but he had a bear (teddy bear).
 I don't know.  The emperor of Japan is a scientist and publishes papers.  He must have a lot of influence in various realms.
 And scientist john von neumann could by the age of 6, divide two 8 digit numbers in his head and converse in ancient greek. I wonder how that happens.
 That's nuts.  Many scientists have advanced degrees in an area of science and pursue careers in various sectors of the economy such as academia, industry, government, and nonprofit environments.
 Scientist wasn't a term until the 19th century
 Fun, Julius caesar actually wrote fan fiction of hercules.
 Great, George rr martin doesn't like fan fiction at all.
 Scary, New zealand doesn't have any snakes.
 Yes, some of them have eyelids and ears!
 Yes, Tupac's music is in the library of congress.
 Wow. You know, Korean rappers invented "compliment battle"? 
 Yes, eminem wanted to be a comic book artist.
 Ha! While trying a suit filed against Eminem! I heard about that. Speaking of Eminem, crazy he wanted to be a comic book artist growing up. What might have been had he pursued that instead if rap!
 Same here. It's crazy that the fear of snakes is hard wired in both the brains of humans and monkeys! 
 Me either, he must have had a few when he said that!  What I found astonishing was that 3rd rock from the sun beat out Seinfeld, Fraser,and Friends for the 1997 Golden Globe.
 I agree, Seinfeld and Friends are classics.  I smell a bribe!
 Yeah, that is kind of odd!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you, I need to go walk my dog, now.  
 No, I didn't. I read that it earned over $309,000,000 in box office. Someone is rich.
 Oh! Thanks for that. I read it wrong.
 True, I'm surprised they still have wings. I cannot believe how small hummingbirds are, only 2 inches!
 Interesting, it's funny that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests. That is really cool to me.
 I never knew that, I did know Bruce Lee was a great dancer that won a dancing championship in 1958.
 I could see that, it helps you escape what you are feeling and what not. Could help those suffering from trauma too.
 Yeah, and they also will regularly identify tetromino shapes in real life like in patterns on buldings or in layouts of boxes. Haha, hilarous.
 Right? Haha. I didn't know that Tetris was actually from the Soviet Union. I thought it was just part of the Tetris design where there were Russian buildings.
 When they hit the beat! So babies can hit the beat but it seems like a lot of us adult forget how to, haha.
 One thing that makes me smileis Michael Jackson's dance. I didn't know that to achieve lean he used a device which he patented.
 Right. Bruce Lee was another great dancer. He won a Cha Cha championship.
 Hello! What do you enjoy doing for entertainment?
 Croatia won out hearts this Worldcup - seriously - great job guys   ! It was a pleasure to watch Your matches !
 Yeah. Mookie Betts seems to really be getting some distance on his hits. 
 Well, a very belated "welcome".  Are you a cricket fan?  I didn't realize that the NYT owned part of the Sox.  
 I am, used to play to a fairly high level.  Isn't that sacrilege for the NYT to be involved with Boston, or are they just hedging their bets.
 Yes, I had the same thought.  They are such rivals.  It's wild that baseball managers can actually play in the game.  I have never seen that.
 The Sox.  They played the LA Dodgers.  I'm actually a Royals fan and it was a bad year.  As an aside, I had no idea Babe Ruth blew a World Series by getting caught stealing in 1926.  Say it ain't so Babe!
 I'm sure they have.  It's also hard to believe that the Cubs won back-to-back World Series games.  They have been mediocre for years.
 Yea, they've been pretty good, kinda crazy the NY Giants refused to play them in the 1904 world series
 Possibly. It's crazy Ruth ended game 7 trying to steal home in the 1926 World Series
 Yes, I do.  What's your favorite breed?
 I'm more of a cat person. I was surprised to read there are 12 different dog blood types and that they can donate blood to eachother. Pretty cool. 
 That's interesting. Google's code of conduct mentions that they are a dog company!
 Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.
 A critical step in creation of wi-fi was a byproduct of research into improving astronomy imaging
 That's neat! Saadat shahr is a small rural community in iran nicknamed 'Astronomy Town' because of the residents' passion for stargazing.
 Yeah, the town clubbed together to pay for an observatory and on special occasions all the lights are cut to improve the view of the night sky.
 The fda burned six tons of literature in an act of us censorship
 That's a shame. There is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.
 I didn't know that. Literature was an olympic event from 1912 until 1952!
 Wow, an earthquake during a game?  
 I heard that often...what is weird is why Kickball is called Soccer-Baseball in canada?
 I guess a leg subs for the bat lol.
 Smart, use a team already branded by one of the longest running shows in history.  
 Don't have a favorite team either but my friends are huge Red Sox fans not sure if it's because they have gone on to win nine world series championships or what but with those stats, seems like a great accomplishment.
 Not really, the only player I'm familiar with is Babe Ruth who was caught stealing to end the game and lose the world series in 1926.
 Oh yeah, I heard about that. I wonder if thee were collectible cards and females did make it to play on the male dominant teams, would the cards be as valuable as other cards or extra valuable, like a man found three million dollars worth of cards in his grandfathers attic!
 Don't think so, but some of those managers aren't in great shape to be playing on the fields, if anything, they should just forfeit the game to save the managers from embarrassment. 
 Yeah, I have yet to see that happen on tv nor have seen anyone attempt to do that. In Japan, baseball is also considered one of its national past time by how popular it is there.
 Yeah, when you have much more physical games like football and basketball, baseball and even golf can be quite boring. Even the broadcasting of the World Series is boring to me unless the marine corps did something like they did in 1992 world series where they carried the Canada Flag into the stadium and it was upside down!
 I did. Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises
 Cool and smart! The Red Sox have won 9 world series games!
 Really! That is a lot, crazy! I didn't know that in Canada kickball is also called soccer-baseball, interesting!
 Whoa, what a lucky find that was! Did you know the Chicago Cubs were the 1st to win back to back world series....but haven't won since....but I bet you know that!
 Ohh, haha sorry....So in 1992 world series the US Marine corps color guard carried the Canada flag into the stadium upside down! nuts!
 WHAT? That's a lot disrespectful. Crazy...
 Right! I don't know if that was a mistake or not....
 I hope not too! Gotta love the world series!
 True, but consider that golf courses in America combined are larger than the size of two small US states!
 Interesting.    Babe Ruth was both a famous golfer and baseball player!
 Cool.    Did you know Jose canseco claims to hold the record for longest softball homerun at 622 feet
 Woah, that's really far! Softball players don't make a lot of money. It's usually between $5,000 and $6,000.
 Someone asked me about points in baseball, and I had to explain they are runs!
 True.    I wonder if they called it that when they used an actual soft ball.
 It probably does, although more important is that softball started as an indoor sport.
 Probably for the best, although I wouldn't want to be outside for a 31 inning game!     Thanks for the chat!
 I am a baseball fan. I used to collect cards but I really doubt mine are worth 3 million dollars.
 I could only imagine how exciting that was. My cards were from the late 1980s and 1990s, there were a lot of sets made then. I bet there were a lot less made in the 1900s.
 That surprises me because after World War 2 they have become a lot more open to Western culture and adopting some of our styles and customs.
 I can't imagine it as an indoor game, that seems more like wiffleball to me.
 Any league I've played in always had rules to prevent that from happening! I couldn't imagine being involved for 31 innings, that's almost 3 baseball games.
 I have yes. They are having another baby
 That would be very cool to see. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts back in 2001?
 Thats a lot of shows. They were very popular when they first hit the scene
 That's funny they were sued. I bet it was very bad.
 It would be very cool to see Eminem. The Ramones played 2263 concerts in 20 years.
 Did you know he didnt graduate high school until 25?
 Do you read non-fiction? It's fascinating stuff.
 Yes it has. The weather and the earth's atmosphere is forever changing. By the 21st century, we anticipate running out of Helium. That's going to significantly impact human life...scary!!
 That's a lot of shows to cancel. I know from watching Daniel Tosh's show he would reference a show they canceled quickly each week.
 Yes he was, it's a pretty interesting career transition from being a doctor to being an actor.
 Have you ever had a seizure? I can't believe that someone had a seizure at Ken Jeong's comedy show!
 I know! Crazy! I would have probably though the same. They said he ran right over to the person! 
 That is great. I heard that the audience members didn't even record this. Amazing!
 Oh! I get that. Did you know that the Michigan State U library has the largest publicly available comic book collection!? 
 Yeah, though I have never seen any one perform live. Ken Jeong, the comedian is actually a licensed physician and even saved someone who had a seizure during his shows!
 Oh wow he is a real doctor? I thought that was just a bit for tv. 
 That is crazy to think we live in a society where being famous can pay more than people whos job it is to save lives. 
 Yeah, like I remember reading that the actor who plays Dr. House gets paid more than $700K per episode! I'm thinking doctor's make about that in a year or something.
 Considering that Infinity War was the first film to ever be shot entirely with digital imax cameras, they probably needed that billion dollars.
 It has caused that? That is awesome! There is a scene at the end of the battle in new york where they all go for shawarma and are chilling around this table. It is iconic in the avengers universe. 
 Yeah, me neither but it sure opens your mind to endless creativity like the universe takes place in earth 199999 years ago and there's a multiverse too!
 It is said that once he realized what was going on, he jumped off stage and into action.
 YOU SHOULD DO THAT.  DID YOU KNOW THAT BILL MURRAY THINKS "KUNG FU HUSTLE" IS THE SUPREME ACHIVEMENT IN COMEDY?
 Bill Murray is an all time great.  I also saw that the Green Lantern movie was originally going to be a comedy with Jack Black.
 I am a huge comic book fan.  Lou Ferrifno, who played the Hulk in the original 1670's tv show has voiced him dor everything up until Avengers Age of Ultron
 Even Tupac dance ballet in high school and performed in the production of the nutcracker.
 I think it's crazy how babies can do that. I can't believe Bruce Lee was a dancer and was even in a dance championship in 1958!
 That is an awesome type of art! I think birds are a type of art as well, especially hummingbirds that steal spider webs for their own nests.
 That is a lot of species! In most birds, their skeleton weighs less than their feathers!
 They even go without sleeping during the migration!
 Yeah. They no need of visa and other formalities.
 That's cool,never would have pictured him doing the Cha Cha but it takes the same skills probably to perform Kung Fu.
 Other stars you would not expect, Tupac danced ballet and was the Mouse King in his high school production of the Nutcracker.
 Wow, Tupac?  You must be pulling my leg!  Never could he be a ballet dancer.  Wow!
 Speaking of ballet, did you know that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week?
 That is a lot of shoes. They must need it for all the extreme moves they perform. Kind of like Michael Jackson's extreme lean that he has a patent on.
 You're probably right!
 That is fascinating. Some birds migrate from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping!
 I have and I was shocked to find out that Jackie Chan manages a k-pop boy band.
 Do you like dogs?
 I like them though I don't have one. Dogs and elephants are the only animals that can naturally understand pointing.
 Interesting. Always thought they were color blind. Google also prefers dogs to cats, so much that it is in their code of conduct.
 yeah I think you're right. Another good cause is doggy blood drives. However not sure how the dogs feel about that since they can't consent. Haha.
 Hello! Do you own any dogs?
 That is so cool. Dogs are so smart for sure! Dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing.
 RIP Billy Mays! I like how polo shirts were originally invited for tennis players.
 They were actually invented by surfers to keep their feet warm on the beach after surfing!
 That would have been a sight to see! The first person ever to be photographed was actually getting his boots cleaned.
 It was, and took place in 1838.
 Will do! Have a good one!
 I suppose.  Talking about having fun.  Did you know that farmers use to put custom boots on their turkeys.  That's just weird! lol
 I read that somewhere once.  lol
 Hello, did you know the dodo bird is actual a sub-family of the pigeon.
 I didn't know that- of course I believe the bird is extinct, isn't it?  This year we recently had a bunch of hummingbirds..that was a first for me and so exciting. SO TINY..
 It seems that so many you wouldn't think to have other interests do.  Jackie in music, Bruce Lee in dancing.  A championship even!
 It seems to be in a kpop band you have to be tough because they go through bootcamps before being signed.
 Music is a wonderful thing, so much to come out of it.  Symbiotic relationship with dance and music. Tupac was able to do both- never would have thought ballet for him though.
 I didn't know that there was a device involved in it.  Wonder with his death if the patent transferred to someone?
 Maybe it got passed down to his children.
 I think he did. He worked too hard and I think that is what caused his death. He had his whole family to take care of really.
 So much control.  At least after he left Jackson 5 he had some freedom unlike the kids in K pop. Agencies controlling everything. Yikes!
 That is true and to think K-pop had it's first group of women in the 60's is surprising. I thought k-pop was pretty new.
 Yes and they have the loudest and most loyal fans.
 Moranbong  band was  the most popular music group in the country. They must have a lot of fans.
 And they say with social media and tv  shows  k-pop are gaining a widespread global audience.
 To think that   different styles and genres of music can influence modern culture to such an extent as to become an "idol" like culture is mind boggling.
 Yes, and I did not realize that when they are in bootcamp they are charged for everything. So when they make it famous they have to pay it all back.
 It is like they control every part of their lives. That would  be very hard especially if they are young.
 Haha, I agree. It must be incase of injury or something. It's a strange rule. Did you hear the story about the man who found a bunch of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic? They were worth 3 million dollars!
 Course, there's so many subscription services it's getting ridiculous.  Hulu, Amazon, Netflix, heck even Disney is coming out (or has it already?) with one for all their movies and properties.  
 That is amazing. Disney sure has come a long way and while you don't really think of disney as a media company and more of a amusement park and animation studio, it is the largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue
 That's fine. We can't all like the same things, right? My favorite is Eeyore.
 Sure! I know Disney publishes a lot of books every year, too. It's a huge corporation.
 Is that true?  I hadn't heard about that.
 Wow!  That's really interesting!  I can understand that.  Unfortunately, the movie didn't really address any of that.  That would have been cool to know as just a side bit of info while watching.
 I didn't know that. So they still have it? 
 Yes, they do. It's hard to believe that toy bear hasn't fallen apart, yet. It's like WW I era, that's old. 
 That I can totally see.  And the other half is on Facebook.. lol
 How true.  I heard that Blockbuster had several chances to buy Netflix and didn't.  Big mistake on their part.
 im guessing with that they allow employees to bring dogs to work? I can't ever figure out what makes them a dog compnay
 russia must really be into dogs they have a tomb of the unknown dog AND some of their dogs have learned to use the subway
 and they can learn over 1000 words. I guess thats why they make them service dogs
 I love the movie Apollo 13 on netflix.    Can you believe that film inspired the whole service!
 No kidding? I had no idea! It's amazing what good cinematography can inspire in others.
 Nothing to do with the film, but founder Reed Hastings forgot to return a VHS tape and got $40 in late fees and wanted to do something about it!
 Hah, I guess cinematography isn't everything. I think we all know how he must have felt getting a late fee. If only everyone were as determined to do something about frustrations!
 True.    I do like cinematography though.     It is amazing what can come from a lens and light.
 Very True.     Stanley Kubrick had a vision and took the camera from his cinematographer, but allowed him to keep the credit.
 I suppose, but the oscar and residuals from Spartacus probably help!
 Netflix is really popular now. I hear it accounts for a third of all the bandwidth in North America during late night.
 Of course. I think some wifi can't handle that, though. Yes, I heard they actually turned down buying Netflix. It was for much lower of a price than it's worth now, too!
 Did you know that professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week? I hope they're not too expensive!
 I can't imagine soldiers in high heels! Another thing I can't imagine because it's portrayed differently is that pilgrims wore tons of colorful clothes and black only for special occasions?
 I see, well Tshirts were invented back in 1904,directed to bachelors actually
 They seem like a regular $10 t-shirt but yeah they are worth a lot of money, 
 Writing poetry is definitely an art. For instance, there is poem that when read normally is depressing, yet backwards it is inspiring. Perhaps embodying the silver lining to a negative situation.
 That's really weird. Bite the head to spite the stomach!
 I didn't know that.  Interesting.
 I used to think that my dogs saw in black and white but i have since learned that they aren't color blind and in fact can see colors, just not as many as a human.
 Funny, I remember that one, as well as Anabelle Lee.  You know Edgar Allan Poe only got $9.00 for The Raven?
 I know a decent amount although I do not care the most about fashion. Did you know that Apple had a clothing line back in 1986?
 No I didn't know that. I wonder what those clothes look like? They're probably very colorful like the pilgrims original clothes, not the black clothes that they wore for special occasions
 I wonder what apples clothing line looked like too. And speaking of Pilgrims, I thought that it was the exact opposite as what you said. I guess it is just me.
 A lot of things are the opposite of what you would think. Like how ripcurl says on their clothes that they are made in China when in fact they are made in North Korea
 I am not suprised that they tried to keep that a secret. I do not think anyone would buy something that was made in North Korea!
 Nope I definitely would not! I also wouldn't buy clothes from unclaimed baggage, there's a store in Alabama that actually sells that stuff
 Really? I would not trust that store. Professional Ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week!
 Speaking of clothes, what do you think about shirts? Did you know that you can wear a necktie under the collar with a dress shirt? I do that for work
 Haha that is either very disrespectful or very respectful LOL. I wish I lived in Hawaii though, you can wear an Aloha shirt instead of a suit and tie there
 Yep I agree with you! I think it's cool that the polo shirt was not invented by a polo player, but was actually invented by a tennis player, very interesting
 Yes I think Polo sounds better haha. Also interesting that the man who invented that shirt was nicknamed the crocodile and that's why polo shirts have that crocodile logo on them
 Ah. China's cultural revolution gang revolved around layering as many shirts as humanly possible
 What type of shoes do you think best for protecting one's feet?
 Another question, did you know that a tea bag can absorb unpleasant odor in shoes?
 No, I didn't. But they can remove smells from gym bags, too. That's a good way to get those smells out. I used to wipe mine out with a Lysol wipe. 
 Can you believe that there is a store in Alabama that only sells clothes found in unclaimed airport baggage? That's weird.
 thats good news....... but nothing to beat a classic
 I do too, although sometimes they can be inaccurate. Shawshank redemption wasn't very commercially successful yet it's one of their highest rated films ever.
 thats true, if history were a 24 hour day, humans have only taken up about 1 minute of time
 ya that is sad to think about, also sad we'll have run out of helium by the year 2100
 haha well I hope so. It's pretty silly there is an ambassador to extraterrestrials at the UN, I want his job
 haha nope I have ridden one, I guess they evolved over like 50 million years
 ya I think so, they became really widespread about 3000BC, so kind of a long time
 that's nice of them. did you knw clint eastwood was allergic to horses?
 Oh wow! That is really neat, time really does fly! I really appreciate these tech billionaire's efforts into space exploration, like Elon Musk and his bold initiative to start colonization in Mars.
 Whatever that is, it just sounds super cool! I wonder how he finds time the to do all these things, he's the CEO of Tesla, SpaceX, Neuralink, and The Boring Company, chairman of SolarCity. It makes me seem very unproductive
 That seems a little ironic for his recent ordeal with smoking marijuana during an interview with the host and was fined, I think. His wife or ex-wife also appeared in Christopher Nolan's film, Inception.
 I'm not sure which character she played, but according to the article, she appeared in it. I wonder if that movie inspired him to create any of his companies.
 Yes, but I would never ride a horse to school like what two high school students did on the "no vehicles to school day", very creative though
 Yes, they were suspended, which seems a little harsh to me.
 I wish I were Clint Eastwood! But I never knew that Iceland actually has a specific horses with a fifth speed, other horses do not have this ability for some reason
 yes its something called Tolt, I don't know exactly how fast that is though lol
 Yes he seems very smart and also very ambitious. I think he has a dog but it's not a Dalmatian though haha. His wife also appeared in the movie Inception by the way
 Yes I did like that movie, Elon Musk apparently produced it and I forgot that he acted in it too
 Yep absolutely. I love that he wants to create a vertical take-off jet, that also is electric, I think that would be cool I would love to have that haha
 Yeah, it seems that way, or maybe rotated at a bigger speed, you know we  have an embassador in case aliens arrive to the planet or try to make contact with us.
 I didn't know that.  I knew he co founded paypal but I had no idea he acted as well.
 I don't think that we would have the luxuries in our homes and lives that we have now without scientist. as a sidenote, did you know that Einstein answered his own mail? 
 Yep, they own 86% of the state which is crazy.
 Very good point. Did you know Wikileaks published the government's plan to shutdown Wikileaks?
 True. A man in France once impersonated a government official and was able to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. 
 Me too. The Norwegian government once gave $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest. 
 Yep, he was German. He was once asked to be the president of Israel. 
 Not really sure. I also saw he was a member of the NAACP.
 So he was actively for civics right, he seems a good man but a quirky one I have heard that he wrote something and put it is a time capsule that will be opened in 6939.  
 He was a good man and very smart. That's cool about the time capsule. Did you know he would charge $1 for his autograph?
 For sure. I saw Wikileaks once published the government's plan to shutdown Wikileaks.
 That's a lot of Nevada they own. I bet there are tons of secret bases and things like that out there.
 I bet they are. In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest. 
 Yes we do donate a lot. A man in France once impersonated a government official and was able to sell the Eiffel Tower twice
 He was very smart. Looks like his estate gets $18,000,000 annually. 
 I bet. Einstein was a member of the NAACP.
 That's pretty cool. Did you know he charged $1 for his autograph?
 It was good chatting with you too. Did you know the emperor of Japan is a scientist as well?
 Neat! And in India they even set up a voting booth for one voter in area saturated with lions.
 Yeah, I'm not sure. And I always thought planets spun in a similar manner. Venus doesn't tilt so it has no seasons, and it also rotates clock wise unlike other planets.
 People vote for interesting things, Austin TX voted to rename their garbage dump to Fred Durst
 I don't know, I also don't know why there are polling booths in forests filled of lions in India
 The Semaq Beri speakers take it seriously, especially with the brother and sister thing.  They'd struggle in the city.
 Avoiding mixing odors seems very extreme, I can't imagine cooking at home if I have to use different burner for each meat.
 Speaking of fish, did you know there was an immortal jellyfish?
 Another surprising fact is the burning of books by the FDA, I thought the US was against censorship
 Hello! Do you like to read?
 I'm into non-fiction more than anything. I wonder what types of books the FDA burned back then.
 That is so crazy! I didn't even know romantic kissing was a fairly recent development in literature! Where have I been!
 I'm sure there have been many dandies! I bet Winston Churchill wasn't in that since he won a nobel prize in literature.
 I agree! We need to get on the immortal life like a breed of jellyfish is!
 That is hard to imagine with all of the breeds out there, but very cool! Fish are just crazy!
 Interesting.   Western scholars dismissed scents as unknowable, or at least unnameable for millenia.
 True, Kruspe and Majid propose that, when people settle into, say, horticulture or postindustrial society, other senses become relatively more important than smell. 
 Did you know that Humans (taxonomically, Homo sapiens) are the only extant members of the subtribe Hominina.
 Early hominins particularly the australopithecines, whose brains and anatomy are in many ways more similar to ancestral non-human apes are less often referred to as "human."
 Perhaps so, although such adaptaptations would be more likely to occur as gill-bearing aquatic craniate animals that lack limbs with digits came to land.
 Fish are pretty amazing.      There was a koi fish named hanako that lived for 226 years    Thanks for the chat!
 Yes, I love reading. It's kind of funny, because architecture, literature, music, painting and sculptures were olympic events from 1912 until 1952. I don't know why those would be considered sports, but that is quite interesting.
 Yes, he was the British Prime Minister during WWII and in 1953 he won a nobel prize, ironically though, it was in literature and not peace.
 Yea, I'm a hugh Yankees fan, I never knew a 17 year old female pitcher once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig then got banned, sounds like they signed her
 Lol no, maybe the US marines were trying to get into the Toronto Blue Jays head
 Hi, do you like baseball/
 Did you know why baseball managers do wear their uniforms during a game?
 He must've been an interesting character to earn the nick name 'God'.
 For sure, they kind of already are. Or at least selling all that cheap stuff kind of hurts the market overall. The warehouse workers work a ton, between 7 and 15 miles a day they walk.
 I was not aware of that, what it is called? Amazon owns IMDB too, that's surprising.
 Truly, very crazy. I'm surprised Crocodiles are more closely related to bird than snakes and lizards.
 I've heard that up from 1981 until 2005 a married couple actually scheduled all 2,430 major league games played each year.
 Wow! That's some serious devotion to the game. 
 Yeah it is. I find it fascinating that baseball is so popular in Japan. I remember watching games when I was stationed there and the crowds were amazing, even for small local games.
 Wow! That's amazing. I wish I came across something like that myself. 
 I did not. That seems like an overly complicated name. 
 Poor Canada though, in the 1992 World Series, Marine Corps color guard carried the Canadian Flag into the stadium upside down.
 Yep that was such a huge win for them. I heard over 5 million people celebrated in the streets!
 The team was supposedly cursed in 1945 when stadium security wouldn't let a man named Billy Sianis bring his goat into the stadium.
 That's smart to front load it. It's crazy how much these guys get to play baseball. It's not even as physically demanding as football, basketball or hockey.
 I can believe it. Some of the games can be boring if you aren't a fan. 
 Yeah it gets burst of energy, and then a lot of really boring Parts LOL. I never knew that baseball managers could actually play for their team. That's why they wear uniforms, duh
 Yep I agree with you there. In Canada they call kickball soccer-baseball instead, it doesn't quite have the same ring LOL
 It sure doesn't. That's clunky name. Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover it's  america's national pastime. I wonder why? The sport started here.
 No you're right. That's why I don't throw anything away. And it's also why my house is a mess LOL. One thing I don't understand is why the MLB used a married couple for 24 years to schedule all their games, why wouldn't they use a computer
 haha ya, and they did that until 2005, very crazy!
 Yep I agree with you. Pretty cool that the Cubs were the first team to win back-to-back World Series. I know that would be impressive
 Haha well at least the curse has been broken. What's also crazy is that the Women's World Cup had higher television ratings than the World Series in the United States. Personally I think soccer is even worse than baseball so I don't know how that's possible
 The low 90s is pretty fast for someone with that kind of injury. I also didn't know the game was so popular in Japan.
 Yes my base baseball cards were thrown out many many years ago. I wish I had those back
 That sounds like a heck of a big job.
 I have never heard that before. 
 I never Knew that. But baseball is a slow paced game. I guess the kids like faster paced sports
 Hey I do like baseball! Did you know that managers can actually play baseball? that's why they wear the uniforms, just in case the need arises, then they can play for the team
 No I agree with you. Have you ever played kickball when you were in school? Apparently in Canada, it's not called kickball, it's called soccer baseball LOL
 You should! I've heard that the crowds are super Rowdy haha. You're not married are you? It's weird that a married couple with scheduling all of the MLB baseball games for about 24 years
 So is that your favorite team? I like the Tigers, and I also like the Yankees LOL oh, did you know that the Women's World Cup soccer had a higher television rating than the World Series? And that was in the United States too, I wonder how that's possible
 What do you think about the Chicago Cubs by the way? Apparently after they won in 2016 about 5 million people were celebrating in the streets
 Nope Chicago must have been really partying that day LOL. Did you know that they were the first team to win back-to-back World Series's?
 Hello, have you heard that one of the chicago cubs have an employed pitcher with 6 fingers?
 Kickball is also called soccer baseball in canada.
 United state national sports is base ball. I know it.
 Really? It's interesting. Do you know why baseball is popular in Japan?
 I have no idea. But if so, why US teams don't play aganst Japanese? lol It could the World Cup like in soccer/footaball every January 4 teams from different continents play 
 I don't know, curious why we call it a world series but the two countries never play each other. 
 Sort of, babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 of the world series and they lost. 
 Yes, I know that, but it was long long time ago. Even the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Chicago Cubds won the World series. It was also long time ago
 I hear in Japan, baseball is so popular that some Japanese people are shocked to find out that its America's national pastime.
 I can believe it.  lol Which way does that leaf go anyway?
 I know right, I think I would have googled it,, before walking out!
 Apparently, the Cubs were cursed  after security would not let a man bring his goat into the stadium in 1945.  He cursed the team and they did not play in a World Series again until 2016.
 Yes, I heard about that.  Apparently baseball managers wear uniforms in case they have to play to replace players.
 I'm a Yankees fan, I never knew Babe Ruth was caught stealing home in the 1926 World Serires
 They had a great rivalry when both were in NY. It's crazy Babe Ruth would ever try to steal a base considering how big he was
 Yeah that is true. It's crazy that baseball managers can actually join in the game, that's why they wear uniforms
 Haha yes I hope so! You know what is weird though? Have you ever played the game kickball, apparently it's called soccer-baseball in Canada for some reason
 Haha yes I bet! I think it's interesting that the Women's World Cup higher television ratings than the World Series. I don't like soccer myself.
 Yeah I don't really like either game haha. It is crazy though that the World Series actually started back in 1903, so I do respect its long history.
 Yeah that is a long time, and apparently the Ottoman Empire was still a thing back when they first one at haha
 yes I heard about that! Its great that they finally broke the curse and 5 million people were celebrating in the streets!
 ya you're right, I do like that they have employed handicapped players, they have had pitchers with 4,5 and 6 fingers! 
 I'm not sure I havne't heard of him, but ya I also like the cubs because they, along with the braves, are the oldest MLB teams, great chat btw!
 Thanks! Do you follow baseball?  Did you know that managers can actually play for their team if needed so that is why they suit up?
 I never saw that.  But I've played kickball.  Did you know that kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada?
 Yes! They play well at the Little League World Series.  Did you know that Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 and lose the '26 world series with his team only down by one run
 I've seen movies.  In the 1992 World Series, the U.S. Marine corps color guard carried the canada flag into the stadium upside down
 The Cubs have had pitchers with a varying number of fingers including 4,5 and 6.  Do you know any of those pitchers?
 No not sure, but one team had a one-handed pitched who did an amazing job named Jim Abbott
 Nice talking.  If you find old major league baseball cards, they could be worth millions.  A man found 3 million dollars worth in his grandpa's attic
 Yes, I do watch some games.  I read somewhere that managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams, if the need arises.  How wild is that?
 My favorite team is the Atlanta Braves and they have been around as long as the Cubs, too.  Both were founded the same year as the Little Bighorn battle.  Wow!
 Worldwide I think Soccer rules.  But, baseball is still pretty popular, too.  I read somewhere that kickball is called soccer baseball in Canada.  That's kind of strange.
 Speaking of strange I heard that the cubs have employed a pitcher with 6 fingers. I do not know why my dad likes that team
 Yeah, they have had pitchers with 4,5, and 6 fingers on their pitching hand. Uncommon, but totally true!
 People do not care even if it is fixed, they still wanna watch it. in 2005 a couple scheduled 2430 games!
 Yeah, I heard that they did that for 24 years.  They must be very organized to keep all those schedules straight.
 I guess thats why the manager dresses like a player.  Is there really a rule that catching a ball in a players hat gives the other team three bases?
 They banned the song royals by lorde lol
 Yes.  The Cubs and Atlanta are the two oldest teams - founded the same year as the battle of little bighourn!
 It's so weird to think that the Cubs is only one of the two baseball teams in Chicago.
 That's pretty neat. Can you believe the Ottoman empire was still in existence when the Cubs first won the World Series?
 Wow that was a long time ago!   They have appeared in 11 world series total - apparently they were a lot better a hundred years ago!
 Yes.  I think its funny the reason that baseball managers wear a uniform is that they are actually allowed to play!
 I never realized that there was a couple who scheduled all of the major league games every year - all the way up until 2005!
 Yes there are interesting facts about baseball, like the number of balls used in a season: 160,000!!
 I looks it was a difficult season for them, they did score but against one of the teams in the bottom, the Marlins
 that is tough, they were basically depending on other teams to collapse, the braves and the Phillies
 it was the series between SF giants and new orleans Royals, so they banned Royals by Lorde, i think that is a great song
 that is funny!! talking about babe ruth there was a pitcher, a female one banned when she struck out Babe ruth and Lou ghering.. kind of unfair! 
 That is true, i think she did something incredible. And about women I was surprised to learn that the world series had a lower rating compared to womens' world cup
 The braves and the cubs are the oldest two teams in MLB. That's crazy!
 Very much a legend. Rest in peace Robin. Celebrities make so much money. For example judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode.
 That sounds like something I might want to watch in the future. I've been thinking about naming my future child Arya. Apparently, that's a character in the show! I guess it's the fastest rising baby name.
 Yeah that is a really cool name. That show has done a lot. Ireland actually pays the series so that the film scenes boost tourism for Ireland.
 Very cool. Apparently they are born black or brown and take about six years to turn completely white. It was nice chatting with you see you later.
 I saw an article that says pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities 
 That's funny, considering the number of stars in their films, following in Robin Williams footsteps!
 Robin Williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films
 Yes, I wonder if Judge Judy who makes $123000 per episode might do one!
 thats funny! I just saw that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on the childrens series sesame street
 That is quite a bit different than American fantasy drama series Game of Thrones!
 ethiopia has a celebrity tv chef who believes he can combat his country's hunger problems by encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods
 I just saw that Charlie Chaplins granddaughter plays talisa maegry in game of thrones
 Interesting.     Harry Lloyd is also a famous descendant, the great-great-great grandson of charles dickens.
 some famous people.  did you know that there is a Nat Geo wild show called games of lions that follows the lives of lions like the game of thrones characters
 Wow.     I wonder if Ireland helps finance that like they do the actual show!
 Good question.  I saw that Arya is the fastest rising new baby name given to girls in the US most likely due to game of thrones
 People like celebrities, real and fictional - almost as much as horses or Equus Ferus!
 Icelandic horses have a fifth speed, tolt, that is basically speedwalking for a horse
 it says that domestication is believed to have been widespread by 3000 BC
 Interesting, although there are still some wild horses in nature.
 I read that Dalmations are associated with firefighters because they would calm and protect the horses.
 Wow!     I hope there are no fires in this area!      Nice to chat with you!
 Thats a lot of people! Surprised I haven't heard of it
 That is so cool. Not all men in the uk had the vote until 1918.
 Just remarkable. I cant believe Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman.
 I liked the first one. Did you know those movies earned over $1 billion in worldwide box office gross?
 Yes! It was the first Disney film to be dubbed into Zulu for its African release.
 haha that is retro, I never knew that baseball managers could start playing if they wanted to, and thats why they wear uniforms
 haha ya I would think so, can you believe that baseball is super popular in Japan, I had no idea
 ah that is interesting, I wish I was like the guy who found millions of dollars of baseball cards in his attic, now that would be a surprise
 haha well I do like poutine, but I think that yes soccer-baseball sounds incredibly dumb haha
 ya I don't really know, I do go to target and apparently Vermont is the only state that doesn't have a Target in it
 haha that'd be funny to see! what is screwy is a state senator actually works at target in order to make enough money to get by
 I heard recently that eighty percent of the supplements sold in places like Target contain NONE of the advertised herbs in them. We really need a better rules system. 
 wow ya I agree, that's really messed up, at least Target doesn't carry tobacco products that is good
 haha definitely an improvement! pretty crazy that it has been around since 1902 and was founded in Minneapolis!
 A ballet dancer!  He was the mouse king in his high school production of the Nutcracker.
 I used to think Black Panther was named after the group but I guess the comic came out before the group
 Interesting.  Now I'm wondering it the civil rights group got their name from the comic?  They changed the name to "Black Leopard" -- doesn't sound as cool.
 I didn't realize Siri was intended for Android until Apple bought it inn 2010.  
 Did you ever think about how celebrities in science are rarer than in music, film, sport, and politics?
 Probably.  Also, there is a region of space maybe pulling galaxies outside the observable universe.  There must be so much out there.
 Wow, yeah it is wild to think about the universe as a whole in general. 
 Strange but there are some stars that are cold enough that they can be touched by a human hand
 People don't realize how much time is spent on these details.  Judge Judy makes a heap of money at $123,000 per episode  being highest paid celebrity behind Lebron James
 I don't know, but I guess not as much.  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street :)
 Hmm, it wouldn't surprise me. Hawking went further than Einstein did on understanding of gravity. Hawking developed new graphical methods that let him visualize physics of light paths in warped space, black holes, and the convulsions of the universe.
 And he did all that while battling ALS. There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe. Does this make any sense? I wonder who came up with that.
 I guess celebrities doing voice work is a fairly new thing in terms of history. Robin Williams was the first to start the trend of celebrities doing animated film voices. This was for the movie Aladdin.
 That would be insane if there is only one electron in the universe, it would mean I wasted a lot of time in chemistry class
 wow that is crazy!! how much does she make?
 Find it funny that the isotopes, a minor league, was named after a team on the simpsons
 For sure!!  I never knew a team receives 3 bases if an opposing team player catches a ball in their hat!!
 I guess that was the price they had to pay and really? the second one? I thought they were first
 I am guessing long ball is really working for the Dodgers, what do you think?
 Wow, I just read that in 1973 two yankees pitchers swapped families permanently, is that crazy or what?
 Bobby Richard on the Yankees was the only person to win a World Series MVP despite losing the series.
 I am definitely a bigger fan of the Mets. I like underdog stories. I never knew in 1974 they shared Shea Stadium with the Mets.
 I bet. It was around the same time in 1973 that two Yankee pitchers swapped families permanently. How unusual.
 Haha that is very good. Speaking of strange the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Chicago cubs won the world series.
 Baseball is all about tradition. That is probably why a married couple scheduled all 2430 major league games up until 2005.
 They were great at managing it. I never heard of any mistakes. Speaking of managers. Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are techincally able to play.
 Interesting.  Also baseball is just as popular in Japan if not more so.
 That is interesting. It is so popular they are surprised to find it is actually America's national pastime.
 Haha that would be funny to see. Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 LOL I agree. A man once found $3 million dollars worth in baseball cards.
 That's cool. Did you know Babe Ruth was caught stealing in game 7 in the 1926 World Series?
 Haha I agree. The Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Cubs won the World Series which is just crazy.
 I wouldn't have guessed that. I always thought of the managers as those out of shape guys who yelled at the players. 
 They do. Speaking of, in 1973 two Yankees pitchers swapped families permanently! 
 Um how would that even work? Like they married each others wives and raised the others kids? So strange!
 That's a good question but I also can't believe it worked. Did you know that until their recent win the last time the Cubs won a World Series the Ottoman Empire still existed?!
 I never knew why baseball managers wore uniforms. I thought it was just to blend in with the team and support the team. Ends up they are able to play if the need arises.
 Looking at some of the managers today I think it's more of a tradition now. I know in the past there were a few times where there were actual player/coaches. I believe Ted Williams was one.
 I found it very surprising that a married couple had been scheduling all 2430 major league baseball games up until 2005. I figured it was just a computer.
 You're right. That's probably why baseball cards are so popular too, tradition. A man found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic.
 I did not know that. In Canada kickball is called soccer-baseball. Odd how a different country views baseball.
 When I think of baseball, I think of countries like Japan and America. I don't really think of Canada and I especially do not think of the Ottoman Empire which were still in existence the last time the Chicago Cubs won the world series.
 That is true. I suppose Canada does have influence because in the 1992 world series the US Marine Corps color guard brought in the Canadian flag upside down.
 Well if Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 and lose the 1926 world series with his team down by one run and everyone still loves him then I am sure it is okay about the flag all those years later.
 Wow, lucky! Did you know kickball is considered a type of baseball in Canada? Interesting! 
 Yes, they are a very interesting team. Way back in 73 2 of the Yankees pitchers swapped families, permanently, pretty odd.
 Yes it was a lot of work.  I just wish my grandfather had saved baseball cards - one lucky man found 3 million dollars worth of them in his grandfather's attic
 Yeah talk about blowing the world series for your team - in game 7 even!
 An accident I think!  They were clueless.  I hate the Yankees because they win so much.  Do you like them?
 Hi! I recently learned that baseball managers are required to wear uniforms as well because they have to technically play should there be a need. So that must mean, they must stay in shape too right?
 I don't think so, I don't watch too much baseball and I don't collect cards either, but I might reconsider seeing how valuable they are when a man found three million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather's attic!
 I would argue that it was football! I didn't know there was a women's world cup has well and it even had higher television ratings than the world series!
 thats a good question, but you could buy a lot fo baseballs if you found millions of dollars worth of cards in your attic like that one guy
 ya kind of a bum move to sel all your grandpas cards, especially since theyve been there since 1940
 wow didn't know that! also didn't know baseball is super popular in Japan
 I've heard that, funny the Japan are surprised that baseball is actually americas pasttime haha
 huh I'll look into it, can you believe until 2005 a husband and wife team scheduled all the MLB games?
 ya I agree, like 2500 games to schedule a year, that would get tedius!
 its funny they started out as the Highlanders but changed their name in 1913
 oh thats cool, wild that they have the 2nd highest attendance in the league!
 Yea it's amazing how many home runs were hit last season, with the Yankess setting a record 267 in a season
 Home runs make the game more exciting!
 That is amazing. I just learned that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises.
 I wonder if its newly popular or if its been there for awhile.
 I don't know, it's funny the ottoman empire was still in existence the last time the Cubs won the World Series
 I wish there was a date to reference. 
 I knew he was suspended but not for that long,what team is he on now?
 Yes.  Apparently the Yankees trade with the Reds for Chapman before the 2016 season when Chapman was set to serve a suspension for a domestic abuse incident is similar
 It seems risky.  But the Astros seemed to want a late-inning reliever badly enough to get Osuna 
 Now but that must of took them a lot of time
 A man found $3 million  in baseball cards in his grandfather's attic
 I'm surprised they were still in good condition after being hidden since the 1940s
 Yes, I wish I found them.  Interestingly speaking of baseball it says that in 1973 two yankee pitchers switched families permanently.  I wonder what that means?
 In August 1991 Don Mattingly was actually suspended for not getting a haircut.  I wonder if they still enforce that rule?
 Wow.  Interestingly, the woman's world cup had higher TV ratings than the world series in the U.S. That is cool.
 great!  The ottoman empire was still around when the Chicago Cubs last won the world series.
 That's crazy, I don't know what the Astro's were thinking taking the trade from the Blue Jays
 He says he won't let them down.
 Yea I read about that a long time ago, I didn't remember them starting off as the Baltimore Orioles though
 Yes, that is strange and I wouldn't have known that.
 I didn't know they shared Shea Stadium with the Mets in 1974 and 75 either
 Wow, interesting fact.  I never heard that one either
 oh ya for sure, like how the MLB uses 160k balls in a given year for all their games
 well you apparently get 3 bases, I never knew that
 I do actually, they win a lot and I like winning teams haha, I guess they were created in 1901
 haha wow that is odd, pretty dumb how Ben Affleck refused to wear a Yankees hat because he was a red sox fan
 wow that seems dumb! kind of weird that their uniform doesn't put names on the backs, they say it takes away the attention from the team
 yup and then they didn't win it for like 70 years or something, I guess the Dodgers have lost more world series than any other team which also stinks haha
 I didnt, why would they do that lol, that is really odd I have to Google that
 It is nice to sit outside and watch a baseball game in warm weather. I agree.  I didn't know they call kickball "soccer-baseball" in Canada.  That is funny.
 I wouldn't want to be one.  Especially the ref in the NFL who blew that call against the Saints and cost them a chance of going to the super bowl.  You'll have to google it if you don't know about it.
 I heard that more people in the US watched Women's World Cup soccer than the World Series, which I find hard to believe.  The final games of the Women's World Cup are always very exciting though.
 Wow!  Well soccer is an easier game to watch than baseball.
 You're right!  A lot of them tie their hair back.  I didn't know that.  How interesting!  It's been fun chatting with you!
 Same here! I didn't know there was a female pitcher to Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.  Have a good evening!
 He is a well known yankee fan.  I would not put it past him
 I wish I played, but only neighborhood games. Do you follow any baseball now? I find it amusing that MLB team managers wear uniforms because they can play if needed.
 Oh, hopefully no good ones. Isn't it funny that soccer-baseball is the name for kickball in Canada.
 Yes, I am. As a Cubs fan it has been difficult. Prior to the 2016 win the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time they won.
 Yes! Did you know Babe Ruth lost game 7 of the WS in 1926.
 Did you know the space shuttle's computer only runs on 1mb of ram? That's crazy!
 That is crazy! my computer has a lot more juice than that, unbelievable how tech advances.
 We sure do, I have an apple computer, I didnt know smoking near it would make my warranty void.
 Really? I didn't know that. back in 1936 some russians actually made a computer that ran on water....how strange is that.
 Right! I don't even know how that would work. Very interesting though, also I read someone built a 16 bit computer using nothing but Minecraft building blocks, so crazy how these people get these idea's.
 That takes some useful weight out of the plane, and maybe someone that is a real piano fan, would be nice to listen to it in the sky though.
 Oh wow I didn't realize that. I think it's crazy that Edgar Allan Poe only got paid 9 bucks for his famous poem The Raven. Not enough people realize how amazing poetry is.
 That is crazy as its one of the most remembered poems of history, it must be worth millions now a days.
 I know! A very different time back then. So many types of poetry too, I love it and song lyrics most of the time are like a poem. Love it.
 I do play the guitar. I heard that the piano is an acoustic instrument.
 Oh really? I never knew that! I guess the strings are struck by hammers huh?
 That is correct. The piano is being playing using a keyboard that has a row of keys that the pianist presses down to cause the hammers to strike the strings.
 That is one interesting fact! You know what is more interesting though, how computers have come about!
 Really!! I didn't know that the Russians did this. Do you know who wrote the first computer algorithm?
 No I don't! Who was it?
 I heard that since his time, Duke has grown to have 98 student arts groups.
 I am a fan too.    Odd that the modern piano has been around since roughly 1700!
 It is funny that they test pianos with Circus Galop, a piece no human could play!
 Perhaps so.    It is funny that poetry goes back to prehistorical times, but we still can not teach a computer to compose it well!
 Conversely, something as simple as the Japanese Alphabet, when recited in order is also a poem!
 Did you know that in 1936, Russians made a computer that ran on water!
 Indeed!     I wonder if something similar inspired Demetri Martin's 224 word palmindrome poem.
 I am looking for some of the poetry from the pyramid texts!
 Hello - did you know MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for 75 million in 2005?
 It would be a big investment. Did you know the Facebook like button is illegal in one of the German states? 
 lol not sure 
 Yea they make a lot off of ads. I saw that Facebook is blue because Mark Zuckerburg is red-green blind.
 How can you get a free whopper?
 That's pretty crazy and cool. 
 I didn't even know MySpace was still around. I would like to do that as well.
 When I previously thought of virtual reality I thought of gaming, but have you heard about its uses in the educational revolution?
 Yes, for example if they want to learn visually they can use the headsets to travel to ancient Egypt and watch the pyramids get built!
 Yes, agreed.  You even have a company like Lockheed Martin that can take kids on a virtual reality tour of Mars!
 I do.  I cannot believe in 2005 that Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million!
 It is impressive how huge it has become.  In fact, Iceland is literally rewriting their constitution using Facebook.  They allow the public to chime in with suggestions! Wild!
 That seems odd and something that would be easy to fix if the effort was put in. Learning history and geography seems like a perfect fit for VR
 No, I had no clue. I don't know if I'm more surprised of that or the first vr game being made in 1968
 I was not aware of that. Facebook debuted in 2004. I was not aware it had been so long. It makes me wonder how long I was on MySpace before that.  
 I was not aware that they did. That's very strange. You'd think they'd rather advertise on the site since so many people are on there. Facebook makes most of it's revenue from advertisements. 
 Yes I understand the feelings, would have loved to see the 50 foot robot though
 That seems very odd to me. Thinking back to the Sonic games they do not have music that I would have thought a high profile musician made. 
 I wonder why? I use Pandora a lot. I often have it on when I exercise. They have a net income of $-16 million despite having $274 million in revenue. I really think they need to look into their overhead cost.  
 I would agree. I know she didnt like how they pay artist. I did not know they were streaming comedy also
 I didn't either. I have never tried to use it for that. I use Podcast apps for that purpose. I'll have to look into that. 
 They have plenty of streams at 168 million steams for Aloe Blacc
 That's a huge amount of streams. I did not realize until recently that Pandora was only available in the United States. I find that surprising. 
 me too I found the music genome project interesting to learn about also
 That's the same with me.  I comment very little.  I didn't realize Facebook is blue because Zuckerburg is red-green colorblind...
 Yeah, kids from Harvard -- wasn't it a student post board?  Myspace could have bought it for penny's...
 yeah, he was a talent for sure.  I can't believe he wanted to develop a 50 foot robot to roam the desert around Vegas.
 I would rather do that than be in Iceland where there is no rail service!
 I agree with that. I wonder how many people there have never left their towns?
 I think it was King Kalakaua of Hawaii to do that and that was long before airplanes!
 I bet it is, instead of hearing the snow plows like I am right now! Did you know the dodo bird was part of the pigeon family?
 I would be sleeping right away during that trip haha. Birds are smart, especially the ones that can mimic camera sounds in Australia!
 Yeah they are, and how hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests.
 I wouldn't know how they get the spider webs not to stick to them, I can never get them off me haha.
 Have you heard of Machine Learning? it's the study of algorithms and mathematical models that computer systems use to improve performance.
 I did not know that! All I know is that they are annoying when you have to wait for them to load lol.
 Hi there. I do like animals though I do not have pets. I think they should have rights so they are not hurt. There's a lawyer in Switzerland who represents them in court.
 H&M is trying to trace the source of all its products now.
 Speaking of saving money, there was a man who wore 70 items of clothing so he didn't have to pay for baggage. I don't think that would fly in the US haha
 Right, haha. Bulletproof clothing often seems bulky as well. Bulletproof clothing mogul Miguel Cabarello shoots his employees to test the quality of his clothes.
 Yeah, I know. I don't think he could pay me enough.
 Yeah because we cannot live forever like the biologically immortal jellyfish and lobster.
 Not forever, maybe just longer, haha. In the Netherlands they try to help wildlife live longer by constructing bridges for them.
 Hello ! Did you know the brand ZARA banned the use of animal after an investigation?
 Hello - I did not know that. 
 That's crazy. Did you know pilgrim clothing was full of color?
 Yes I saw that as well. There's a store in Alabama that only sells clothes, cameras, etc. that are found in unclaimed baggage. 
 Yea I think so too. 
 I do too, but I mean it includes animals like the lochness monster... haha
 haha. Did you know rip curl makes clothes in North Korea yet the label says China? 
 I bet it had apples all over it.... Did you know that many many companies are feeling the pressure to ban animal use such as faux fur? 
 I did not know that. I don't own anything with fur, but it doesn't bother me if people do wear it. 
 Oh, so the Angora sis much like a sheep?
 I hope not either. Materials that made from the hair of these animals are expensive.
 No, I didn't know that, all I know about apple is making and selling electronic products.
 What do you think about a man wore 70 items of clothing at a Chinese airport to avoid bagging charge?
 I guess if you traveled there, it would be best to focus on one city so you don't have to spend on traveling around. It's probably expensive to travel in Iceland too. Most people there without cars take flights to get from city to city!
 siri was intended for android and blackberry initially and it's funny now because the amazon ceo talks about how limited it's abilities are now.
 Siri isn't even compatible with Spotify on the Homepod. When your assistant can't talk to your music to play on your speakers, there's a problem!
 Since '98? No kidding! I guess it makes sense for a company that started as a bookstore to branch out into movies next.
 hahaha google has some wild things. I used to live in the bay and their workspace is very unique.
 You've seen the Googleplex? Neat! What's it like?
 yeah when they went down for a bit a few years ago web traffic dropped 40%. yahoo must have been happy for five minutes.
 Hah! I wonder how the male voice actors feel. Mr. Briggs didn't even know he WAS the voice until he heard himself in a commercial.
 yeah talk about being the weakest link. I wonder how that happens though...like don't they have to pay for his voice?
 Oh, yeah, usually Siri is turned off for me like on my other Apple devices, but I have found that it sometimes comes in handy for phones when driving although most of the times it's quite frustrating because they don't understand me and do something else. Considering Siri's best skill is being a musicologist, I will have to try out that feature some time.
 Apple has restricted the scope of the HomePod's intelligence, considering that Siri gets things wrong about 10% of the time. It's nice that they built the technology so that everyone is treated the same, which raises privacy concerns because anyone can ask to read owner's messages.
 That's surprising but I did know that Siri uses Bing search engine over google as its default search engine. 
 I would love to work at Google some day even if it means being called a 'noogler' and have to wear a propeller beanie cap because that's what new google employees are all succumbed to.
 Oh ok, the American voice of Siri is a voice actor named Susan Bennett, she's also the terminal voice for Delta Airlines, I wonder whether she negotiated a licensing or royalty fee for her work.
 From what I read, Delta Airlines, subway terminals, voice of Siri, etc. I'm guessing any commercial voice you hear in public places might be hers.
 They are definitely tired, but on the bright side, they probably don't need gym memberships because they might be in great shape!
 Right, I was mad about that one too. Police tried to stop the killings but there were 600 people so it was impossible.
 What about the Disney World alligator? Did you hear about that one?
 People in Indoenesia do not like crocodiles.  They killed 300 after 1 killed a villager.
 I also love animals,  I have a dog,  but Ive been asking my husband for a dragon for years
 For sure, it was started as a book company in 1994
 Apple always overprices their stuff allowing others to offer products that are just as good at a lower price.  Kids and young adults buy them because they are "cute" and popular in their little clicks.
 Yep I think so. It's crazy that there have been over four hundred million smart home devices shipped back in 2017 and it is projected to reach almost 1 billion devices by the year 2022 though, so they are definitely going to get more popular over time
 Haha that's really weird. I also think it's weird that Apple went for the high-end Market with their homepod, when you can get a Google home for about $100 a homepod goes for almost four hundred, that's definitely a rip off
 No I didn't know that either. I only heard the female Siri haha. What do you think about the fact that a Google search uses more computing power than the power it took to send an astronaut to the Moon
 People back then were good with a slide rule!  I think smart people will always be needed and computers will not take over the world.
 Yes I think so. What it is crazy how far technology has come. For instance Google can use Android devices on the roads to map traffic data
 Yeah.  I don't remember Google going down for 5 minutes in 2013.  It took 40% of web traffic with it.  I probably thought it was a problem on my end.
 LOL I like the way you think. it is crazy though that Amazon owns imdb.com, I use that almost everyday for my movie collection
 I love IMDB and was surprised to learn that.  I also learned that the 1st Amazon customer got a building named after him.
 Yeah that is shocking. And since I don't have an iPhone I wouldn't know this, but apparently if you ask Siri to sing a song then she will sing the song that HAL 9000 sings in 2001 A Space Odyssey which is definitely creepy haha
 That would be a little creepy.  Kubrick did the Hal 9000 thing where it was kind of chilling...  Thanks for the excellent chat!
 I'm only 30 and am dreading that just thinking about it lol. Maybe Google will try and stop them?
 It's like the movie terminator! SKYNET IS OUT TO GET US!!!! haha it really is crazy how much stake Google has in the internet.
 Apple even has a big piece of everything. Do you have an iPhone and use Siri?
 haha I have the iPhone SE which came out like 5 years ago haha. I hardly ever use Siri but people love her!
 Yeah, good talking with you too!
 That is a good point. But you know what else is crazy, they say if you view abstract art after watching a horror film, you'll enjoy it a lot more! I need to try that!
 I would imagine so. It's so weird, isn't it? I tell you what else is weird, Stephen King once said Bambi was the first horror movie he watched. Can you believe that? He definitely has a twisted mind, doesn't he?
 Agreed! You know what else gets me? Danny from The Shining didn't actually know he was acting in a horror movie until years later. It's like how did he not know?
 I suppose he's earned that title. Ha! On a similar fantasy note  (if you would consider this movie fantasy like I kind of do), do you like Thor? I think it's crazy Ant Man of all characters made his Marvel debut before Thor and even Hulk, Iron Man and Spider Man! Isn't that unbelievable?
 No I did not.  But crocodiles, which I also hate, are related more to birds than snakes. 
 I like the crocs, and I guess monkey's share our fear of snakes.
 They must be smart, lol.  What about the legless lizards.  They look like snakes 
 That is fascinating.  I also think that the fact that In Britain, politicians had tomwear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons until 1998.
 That's insane. Kinda like people thinking that in the old west, the bowler was most popular, not the cowboy hat.
 lol, yes it does.  Do you like to Dance?  Did you know that Bruce Lee was actually a great dancer.  He won the Hong Kong cha cha championship in 1958.
 That is adorable.  My wife has a degree in dance.  She told me that professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pair of pointe shoes in a week.
 I also saw he has a patent on the device used for that lean.
 That is insane. Almost as crazy as Tupac being a ballet dancer in high school.
 I am a definite no on that!
 Right! Did you know Bambi terrified Stephen King.
 I'm glad. I know if you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art you will enjoy the art more.
 No, I did not. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy. 
 Oh, okay. I know fantasy has evolved into various media including film, TV, graphic novels and more!
 Well aparently he was afraid of Bambi and that was the first horror movie he ever watched.
 I wonder how that worked lol, it was a really scary movie, probably best if they tricked him.
 That is correct. I can see that counting. I think fantasy drafting has become out of control. People have fantasy drafts for the national spelling bee now!
 Thats crazy lol I heard about congress fantasy but spelling bee fantasy?!! thats just weird
 It has definitely gone way too far. 
 Isn't it amazing that British politicians were forced by law to wear a top hat.
 I wonder what the story is on that. I'm going to look up bowler hat
 oh ya I saw this cat video where people had a cucumber and the cat thinks it's a snake and freaks out 
 There are so many types of snakes, I'm sure she has seen all of them including flying snakes!
 I did not know that scream was going to be titled "scary movie".
 yes. The actors in the exorcist never knew that they were making a horror film. lol
 Yah he is a good actor, I like Natallie Portman and Tom HIddleston too, both great actors and actresses!
 I did not know that, Jim Henson created Seasame Street right?
 Hey! Did you know that until 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat when making a point of order in the house of commons?
 Exactly. The most popular hat in the Old West was actually the bowler, not the Cowboy hat.
 That's very interesting and makes sense. How do you feel about snakes? I'm not a big fan. I'd go to New Zealand, where there are none.
 Yeah that's how I feel too! There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves. If I saw that in person I would die.
 Well humans and monkeys are distantly related lol. There are legless lizards also. I don't mind legged lizards, but I don't think I would look at a legless lizard as anything less than a snake.
 If you have seen Jurassic park and believe it (I kinda do) then you would agree. Hey, do you like dancing? Did you know that it can be categorized and described by its choreography. I am horrible, but its fun. 
 I love Jurassic Park and I do love dancing. I'm not the best dancer either but I have a good time. Apparently Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 Whoa I didn't know that and I'm a Tupac fan. Very unexpected! Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week. I know he wasn't wearing those though.
 Yeah fantasy drafts are fun- and even fantasy drafts are done for the national spelling bee!
 Type of people participate in these things? I think it would be boring. A single fold in the brain makes a difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.
 Yeah I think so I can't believe he was knighted for services to literature. He must have made some great contributions.
 Agreed. I bet he would've love to work for Disney. Bill Nye actually work for Disney as a consultant for Disney's flubber.
 Yeah he seems like a good guy. The Disney character Minnie mouse's name is short for Minerva mouse.
 Yeah I think it's interesting I never knew it. There's a whole subculture dedicated to finding hidden Mickey mouse images in all things Disney. I didn't know they hid things.
 Nope I have never seen that movie, is it good? It looks like Pixar honored Walter Elias Disney in the name.
 Interesting. There is a university where you can study science fiction and fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies.
 I think so too. Jim Henson created The Dark Crystal with the idea that it was unhealthy for children never to be afraid.
 Hmm I could see that being true. If children have no fear then they are liable to get into anything. Healthy fear isn't a bad thing. 
 Yep, I like Walt Disney. The Disney channel doesn't accept outside ads. Did you know that?
 Yep I agree. Walt Disney and Salvador Dali once collaborated on a short film.
 Yea those are both good ones. Disney makes $1,110 per second.
 Wow that is just a insane amount of money. Hopefully they are doing some good work with all that cash. 
 I bet they are. Walt Disney was fired from his job at a local newspaper for not being creative enough.
 I think they are probably the most used site ever. Look at what happened back in 2013 when it went down for 5 minutes. Internet use dropped 40%!
 I don't think so.  Yes, I loved Big Hero 6, so did my kids.  Speaking of Disney, did you know Walt Disney was fired from his job at a local newspaper for not being creative enough?
 That is sad. I hope we can reverse that  statistic. 
 I also think it is interesting that when earth was formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long. I wonder why that changed?
 I am not sure. I feel like there is more life out there. I wonder if they will make contact with earth?
 I am not sure. Do you have any pets? 
 I have a cat. Did you know that there are cat cafes in japan and taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks!
 That is really interesting. I would like that. I wish i slept as much as cats. When a cat reaches 15 years old it has usually spent 10 years of its life sleeping.
 I hope he was adopted after.
 I think its possible, They are very useful for everyone. The sacramento library even has a library of things
 I know! it was a really good use of resources. He proved his innocence and now helps others do the same
 I heard he was really good at fouling pitches. Including 14 straight.
 He had a good time playing against Red Ruffing. He liked messing with him
 Thats a long time in baseball. 16 fouls
 It is the longest at-bat since they kept stats on that.
 Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play for their team?
 So they're ready to go on the field and sub in?
 I believe so! That would be something to see!
 hey did you know that when I cat gets to be 15 years old, it has on average slept for about 10 years, so 2/3 of its lifespan
 That doesn't surprise me actually.  i saw something funny the other day that in Japan that have what is called Cat Cafe's where people pay hourly to play with cats
 No, I'm not but was reading an article where the town of Talkeetna, AL has had a cat named Stubbs as it's mayor since 1997
 Ok so this is totally of subject but the united nations appointedd official ambassadors to extraterrestrials
 Exactly that is so funny!  Did you that over 7.6 billion humans live on Earth and depend on its biosphere and natural resources for their survival
 It is really sad considering that humans have only been here a minute if earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period. I did not know that about the day being so short
 Well, the UN has appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials so hopefully we make some alien friends soon so we can move planets. 
 Yeah, this is due to their bones being hollow.
 Right. I think wild birds in Australia are neat but would probably drive me insane. They can mimic camera, car alarms, and chainsaw sounds.
 Another neat thing to observe would be a hummingbird stealing a spiderweb's nest!
 Sorry, I meant stealing webs to repair their nests. Yeah, bird brains are tiny but they seem so intelligent!
 it is??? no way! what are we going to fill out balloons with?
 thats a sad thing to hear. but we still have a bunch, so imagine how many we used to have!
 they have to get to the warm, and fast! they must get tired making the long journey tho
 I'm picturing british and american birds talking to each other lol. I would like to see that, but also hang out with cats in Taiwan.
 haha it would about as useful as my current mayor....what town elected a cat???
 That is interesting! The show comes on HBO right? I'll have to check it out sometime.
 Yeah, that long.  It has a big following, so much so that Arya the name of one of the characters is the fastest rising baby name for girls in the U.S.
 That is a little disturbing. Not sure I would name my kid from a TV show. I think the actor that played Arya was actually her first role in anything.
 I know right.  I wouldn't either, but some people are very big fans. Lol
 I didn't know he was responsible foe that at all. That is very interesting, but I did know he was the voice of Genie. The guy was a national treasure.
 I am sorry?
 She makes the second most of any celebrity other than lebron James actually!
 That was done by Pixar ? I don't think so, but I might be mistaking...
 Are you kidding? its like the best show ever you should really watch it it has about 8 seasons
 Haha I've been wanting to watch it. I saw Harry Lloyd is the great-great grandson of Charles Dickens.
 Very cool. I saw Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter plays Talisa.
 Oh wow that is sad. I saw there is a Nat Geo show called Game of Lions that follows a pack of lions around.
 I feel the same way. There are scientists who think the universes evolve through natural selection like species here on Earth. 
 Interesting...a giant hologram! I saw there are stars cold enough to be touched by human hands.
 Me too. Pixar has a secret room often visited by celebrities.
 Possibly. He was the voice of the Genie in the Aladdin movie.
 did you know that Tom Cruise spent ten million dollars to make a bunker that protects him from aliens lol
 that would be scary! according to the xfiles, aliens would colonize earth in 2012, at least that never came to pass!
 ah interesting, I guess the alien figures from the Aliens movies were based on sea creatures from deep in Earth's ocean
 that is crazy, I didn't know that uranus rolls around sideways in its orbit instead of just spinning like Earth does
 yes that is sad, also crazy that when the earth was made a day was only about 6 hours long, thats a super fast day!
 ya that is interesting, it's scary to me that we wilsl run out of helium by the end of this century, I know that it's very important for manufacturing electronics
 That cant be good, hopefully they invent a way to create it.
 yes I agree, crazy that we will run out of helium but humans have only been on this planet for about a minute if you count the planet's history as a 24 hour day
 ha that would be wild to see! I wondder if that planet has aliens? I guess firefighters are trained on how to treat aliens in case they ever visit, which seems like a waste of time haha
 that is crazy, also with venus, I don't know if you know, but it has no seasons and is the only planet to spin clock wise, the rest spin counter clockwise
 that is very odd, I don't know who dreamed that up but I would have come up with a better name myself!
 Yeah and scientists say that earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century1 Crazy!
 Hm. The planet Uranus actually rotates sideways and "rolls" around the sun rather than "spinning" like other planets!
 Jupiter's moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun. It's so big!
 We're getting into alex jones and joe rogan territory here lol you should watch that on youtube so you can have a good laugh
 True and poor old Pluto lost its designation as a planet!  Wow!
 Have an awesome night go watch alex jones and joe rogan real quick on youtube and have a laugh
 You're right, that's not long at all!
 It is on HBO, anyways, one of the actors who is real big and looks old in the show is actually only 25 years old. 
 Did you know the Dodgers have lost more World Series than any other team. 
 I would be surprised too. Kickball is known as soccer-baseball in Canada. That is odd.
 Really ? Although I do not think any of them have ever stepped in. I think that the actual players are much better than the coaches. 
 Speaking of the world series, the Ottoman Empire still existed since the last time that the Chicago cubs won the world series!
 Ah, thank you. Speaking of the cubs, they were the very first team to win the world series back to back and they have not won since!
 Really? I though Babe Ruth was a renowned baseball player. I wonder why he would steal.
 Well Actually I use Bing because they pay you for every search, but it's crazy that Google Maps can tell how congested traffic is by how fast android phones are movie
 I know right. Or the fact that one of Google's search requires more power than it did to send Neil Armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon.
 ya that is crazy! I do like that they're a green company and one time used goats to mow their lawn haha
 Yes, goats are very effective.  Talking about google. Google uses andriod devices moments to calculate traffic 
 ya they do, they also are a huge part of internet traffic, when they were down for about 5 mins they took out 40 percent of total web traffic1
 interesting..google tailors its maps around disputed borders based on where the browser is located 
 that is crazy, also I remember when Gangnam Style came out and Youtube had to upgrade itself to handle the traffic
 I think it's Baby by Justin bieber, I personally don't think its that bad what about you? LIke it is catchy haha
 yeah netflix and youtube make up half of internet traffic os it is very likely lots of people use it!
 Yes I use it every day since 2005 when it was first launched 
 Speaking of baseball did you know that a baseball manager can actually play for the team if necessary?
 Yep that's why they wear uniforms, also weird is that in Canada people is known as soccer baseball
 That seems like a lot of work! Do you know why they stopped? The guy who found millions of dollars of baseball cards in his attic is a very lucky dude!
 No I didn't know that that's crazy. also crazy is that baseball is super popular in Japan, they even think that it is their National Pastime and not ours LOL
 Yes it will be the last one. It's crazy that Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter is actually in Game of Thrones, I forget who she is though
 Haha you're right about that! And yes you should definitely check it out, they even made a knockoff series about lions called game of lions LOL
 That's funny!  I see that Harry Lloyd who is on there is the great great great grandson of Charles Dickens.  That is neat they have 2 people related to famous people from a long time ago.
 Yep I agree with you. There's even a guy who is the great grandson of Charles Dickens LOL they've got everyone in the show
 Haha well they call it soccer-baseball, a very dumb name in my opinion LOL
 I am a soccer fan and the womens world cup grew a lot in popularity since the last one! But I was shocked to learn that is was watched more than the world series!!
 Yeah, I'm a Royals fan. I thought it funny that managers wear unis because they can play. 
 Yes and yes... I love GoT, it's a guilty pleasure of mine.  I was surprised to learn that Harry Lloyd was a relative of Charles Dickens.  Love Charles Dickens...
 That is a suprising fact are they really related? guess theres no doubt where his talent comes from, you know the series are financed in part by Ireland
 I heard that.  There are more famous connections too.  Talisa is the granddaughter of Talisa.  Wow.  
 I'm sure they let it slip out during the casting.  GoT now has spin offs, a Nat'l Geo show called Game of Lions where lions are like GoT characters. 
 I can't imagine costuming lions like that.  Can you believe the women's World Cup had better ratings than the World Series in the U.S.?
 Yeah, I guess baseball is so popular in Japan that they were surprised to find out it's America's national pastime. 
 Yeah, until they won in 2016, the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time they won the World Series. 
 It was long for sure.  I was glad to see them beat the Indians in 2016.  It was like that had a curse or something like in GoT.  
 No, but the US department of defense used over a thousand of those consoles to build a supercomputer because it was cheaper than the alternative! That sounds like massive processing power!
 Not sure since I don't play as well either, all I know is that it is created and owned by Sony who launched it in Japan. They were so popular and successful that they've sold at least over 100 million units! Wonder what X-box's numbers are.
 Not sure since those consoles can be used for research purposes, like researchers are using them to research black holes, maybe they are not only used for games.
 I do the same for those purposes as well and for DIY videos which I think is a large reason why its the second largest search engine on the net!
 Yeah exactly, like Facebook, they should probably take away that dislike button and spread a little bit more positivity! Unless it's because his die-hard fans are sad that he isn't a "Baby" anymore. fans do get crazy sometimes.
 I have a dog, its interesting how there about 12 different blood types, my dog is a donor and I never knew this fact.
 They have? wow that is suprising, you know the cat in godfather 1 was actually a strayed one.
 It certainly is. Soccer is such a popular sport all around the world. I guess a player named Mesut Ozil donated his earnings from a bonus in the World Cup to pay for 23 children in Brazil to have surgeries. What a nice thing to do. 
 That is too bad for him. Hopefully things turn around. I always wondered why americans call it soccer and I read that is because it was the slang for Association Football. Such a simple reason.
 Ha, ha, I always wondered that as well. It does not make any sense. Honestly I am surprised that soccer is not more popular here in the US Did you read that there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams play at the same time. That must be crazy. 
 Yes that might be so. Reading about hats and I see birthday hats were derived from dunce hats to encourage foolish behaviour at parties. 
 Wow, I never knew that. Funny that they limited hat pins to a certain length, afraid women would use them as weapons. 
 Good morning! Do you like dogs?
 I love dogs. I have one as well, and it's so smart it can understand pointing. I guess dogs and elephants can do that.
 I didn't know that, but that's cool. Did you know google prefers dogs to cats?
 They have my vote! Cats are famous sometimes, even one from the Godfather part 1 that was a stray on set!
 I think it would with dogs, since they perform many roles for humans!
 I didn't know that they have 12 different blood types. 
 Me neither! They also have dog blood drives for them to donate to!
 I'm sure he would save many dog's lives! I wish I lived in Hawaii as far as business attire goes!
 That is one nice style you have there! I wear polo shirts but didn't know they were invented for tennis players!
 What a nickname! I can see why it was later adopted by polo players, hence the name!
 Oh that is super cool. From rags to riches. A cats life must be nice. They spend over half their life sleeping!
 That would be fun! Also there is a town in Alaska that has a cat mayor!
 Haha I never knew about that. However I also like dogs too. They were the first species to be domesticated!
 I love dogs as well! It's crazy only dogs and elephants are the only animals that can understand pointing, isn't it?
 Agreed and help stray dogs as well. I also think its crazy that dogs can't see as many different colors as we humans can. 
 Yeah totally agree with you. Did you know that the official business attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt instead of a traditional suit and tie?
 Interesting. In china the gang layered as many shirts as possible and popped their collars!
 Now that's interesting. Ha! I also think it's interesting that button down is when collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt and button up does not. I never really realized that!
 Yeah I didn't know that either. I always thought polo shirts were designed by polo players but they were originally invented by tennis players!
 Were they really? I figured polo players invented them as well. But you know, in American English, the term shirt is such a catch all term that represents a wide variety of upper body garments and even undergarments. 
 I didn't realize that they sleep so much or that there are over 70 breeds!
 Yeah, I heard about those cafes.  People pay to have a drink and play with cats.  Sounds like an easy way to make money!
 That is interesting. It's also interesting that Istanbul has vending machines that dispense water and food in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.
 Yeah, they are truly a dog company!  We need these machines in America!
 Since 1997, nonetheless. That's a long time for an animal to be in a political position. There must not be a large population in that part of Alaska
 Probably held that position longer than some politicians.  Don't have to worry about too many scandals when you're a cat!  
 I haven't gone yet but I'm going to this coming season.  My interest in other sports has waned so the timing is perfect. Get in on the ground floor of something special you know. It's hard to pick up though. You wouldn't think it would you. A big stretch of grass with a goal on either side's more complex than I thought. Theres way more people to talk about it with too. More than all the major American sports leagues combines in terms of fanbase. 
 I have not seen that one. I haven't seen Justin Beiber's Baby either but that is probably good since it is the most disliked video on the platform.
 You tube is the 2nd largest search engine behind google. Make sense since google owns them.
 That is! Between youtube and netflix, they make up half of peak internet usage.
 Wow. The DoD used 1760 of them to build a supercomputer...
 That is cool. The last game produced for ps2 was fifa 14. I had no idea.
 I do use them a lot. The space shuttles general purpose computer runs on 1 mb of ram.
 Can you believe that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts? Wow jazz has made it's way from New Orleans around the entire world!
 There certainly is value in all music, I agree! Which reminds me that I just recently heard that Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and he's scored several films, including Million Dollar Baby!
 Haha, then maybe I should be happy I've not heard him sing! So I was reading about how jazz trumpeters grew goatees to make playing a bit more comfortable. I wonder if that is possibly the origin of goatees. Maybe, maybe not!
 Yeah.  Did you know the PS3's only have 256MB of RAM?  That's not much...
 I never thought about it but that is interesting! I am kind of frightened that there is a breed of jelly fish that are immortal. Yikes!
 Yuck. I don't like that at all. One of the most interesting fish is the balck swallower fish that can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight. Sounds like one of those creepy snakes that eat huge animals.
 That is funny. My dog has a white patch ...but not on it's forehead!  They say that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had gills and lungs.
 I agree! Look...I love my sleep but there are some birds who fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating. Exhausting!
 Naps are the best! I like that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests. Where do you think they hide it?
 No!  I was asking where they hide the spiderweb when they are stealing it.  I was trying to be funny.  Didn't work!  LOL!  One fact is that birds bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers!
 True! Good point! In Australia there are wild birds that can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms and chainsaws! Creepy!
 That is really crazy. I know that football the United States makes a ton of money too. I always wondered why Americans call it soccer. I guess that is slang for association football
 Yeah I think you're right. I want to see the soccer variation with three teams. I bet that's really insane
 Hey!  How are you today?  Are you an animal person?  I live in Florida so we have a ton of wildlife.  One I don't like is jellyfish!  There is a breed that is immortal!
 No kidding!  Only one fish has a neck, the seahorse.  That seems crazy to me!
 Haha, very true.  That is a lot of animals to give right to!  I do now know how many are in Germany, but there are 20 quintillion individual animals on the planet!
 I do, we have a ton of those in Florida too!  They can trace birds back to 170 million years ago! Wild!
 Yeah, but i think Americans are getting tired of some of the US only sports. Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball and golf combined.
 I guess Oregon wine is making a big push to be great! I had no idea!
 I know California is a major wine region, I guess the entire West Coast is a good place to have vineyards.
 I'll have to watch how much wine I have, I don't know if I have enough space in my luggage to bring a few cases home.
 I do like them but am not a huge fan. I thought I knew a lot but then got humbled by a true fan. They take that stuff really seriously!
 Yes they do, I have heard a lot of them reference stories from outside the movies. I did not know there was so much lore in that universe.
 I had no idea the original lightsaber is in the international space station. Wow...
 I would! I would also keep it secret like they did in empire strikes back, telling the crew lies!
 I think they have done that with other shows in the past to not give away the ending of finales...
 interesting, lets talk about the planets more. Most planets spin around the run but uranus rolls around it. 
 That's interesting. Did you know that Jupiter's moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.
 i did not, there is a planet 455 light-years away that might have the building blocks of life
 That's amazing! As long as it's not the planet where shards of glass rain sideways at 4500 mph!
 Not to mention on that same planet the temperature is 2000 degrees Fahrenheit. 
 That definitely sounds like Hell to me!
 Lets talk about Luke Skywalker next. He is played by Mark Hamill and was originally written as a woman. 
 That's interesting. I want to book an overnight stay at his boyhood home!
 I would also want to, it only cost $10 but its in Tunisia 
 That would be an amazing stay. 
 They kept the relationship of Luke and Vader a secret throughout the filming. The cast and crew did not know the entire time. 
 I did not. They hid the secret from the cast and crew and gave them a fake script where it said obi-wan killed his father. 
 Wow, what a great scheme! In 1981, Star Wars: A New Hope was dramatized and turned into a 5-hour long radio broadcast. I'd like to listen to that!
 The earth will be pretty much helium-free by the end of the 21st century, I wonder what happens then. 
 That's one thing I guess. There is an appointed ambassador to extraterrestrials just in case they want to say hi 
 That's cool, I wonder if that was the inspiration for Space Force?
 Maybe. The earth was formed more then 4.5 billions years ago. It was nice talking to you .
 I never knew that there was a radio broadcast of the film in 1981.  It would be fun to listen to as a podcast now.
 That would be amazing. The UN made an ambassador of extraterrestrials incase we ever make contact with any. Ha!
 Honestly to think about how any of this exists is amazing. have you read that there's a planet with pieces of glass that perpetuate sideways at 4500mph? that almost sounds made up 
 That is not something I have never heard. The fact that building blocks of life we detected 455 light years away is difficult to fathom.
 Maybe there's a planet in our universe that also has living life forms. It's interesting how Venus doesn't title so therefore it has no seasons
 Also I had known that Jupiter had moons but that one of them would be considered a planet if it rotated around the sun is pretty cool.
 Funny how the definition of "planets" is controversial and how Pluto is technically no longer considered as one
 of course. and she did not even know she was auditioning for wonder woman
 That's pretty crazy! Some say the Dakota Johnson got her role in 50 Shades through nepotism, but she actually ended up carrying the films.
 You never know I guess what goes on behind the curtains
 I love baseball. Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play if needed?
 Wow that's crazy. Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 Wow that's a lot of shoes. Marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed at $15.
 Adidas is good too. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of ballet shoes per week.
 That's pretty crazy. You would think shoes would have gotten better over time.
 I agree. I saw Best Buy and Target will price match Amazon.
 I know a ton about baseball but had no idea that is a rule. Thanks for the knowledge!
 Yeah, they have all sorts of thing but havent sold tobacco since 1996.
 Some people think that screen time should be managed according to content more than limits, such as an ability for parents to switch between educational and entertainment apps.
 This is an area that probably still needs a lot of collaboration between parents and technology companies in order to develop appropriate tools.
 I did! I wonder if anyone really ever played that! Would not want my kids to play that with my phone!
 Yeah, you're right! iPhones have come a long way. When Steve Jobs first presented them he had to switch between two iPhones because they would run out of ram and crash.
 The NES was finally discontinued in September 2003 in Japan. I really liked playing mine!
 75??? Huh... I feel like iphones are older than 12 years. They came out in 2007?
 I did too. Did you know Apple's app store has 2.2 million applications available?
 That's a ton! I wonder how many are actually active as in kept up or updated? How much egg does Microsoft have on it's face for holding a funeral for the iphone?
 lol, I have heard that before. I heard alot of those guys don't want their kids on the phones and ipads. 
 I too use spotify! I like it better. Did you know that the NFL is legally considered entertainment than a sport like the WWE.
 oh wow I didn't know that, also didn't know that he has a wife and 2 sons, weird!
 Chewbacca does?
 yup he does haha, also there is a fan theory that Chewy and R2D2 are actually secret rebel agents
 ya I know, very screwy, pretty funny that in real life there is a bat species called the chewbacca bat haha
 ya I want to have a pet bat now! I like that the same actor has appeared as Chewy in all the movies, his name is Peter Mayhew
 Yeah, i did know that and he's like 7 foot 6 inches i believe
 oh haha I don't have it, I just watch youtube, but ya can't believe blockbuster had the chance to buy them for only 50 million!
 i know... isn't that crazy!  Now there's only one blockbuster store left in the world and it's in alaska
 ya that is sad, and also Netflix is worth like 2 billion, thats a crazy improvement in valuation!
 haha yup that's all it took, Reed hasting got that late fee for Apollo 13 and changed history haha
 What is interesting about that is I was a member back when they sent DVDs to your home.  I didn't realize that postage would still be a big thing for them.
 Is there really? That is so cool. We were at the Krewe of Chewbacchus parade last year. They really nailed his voice, I don't know if they used recordings of wild animals or not, but they were awesome.
 I didn't know that either. Peter Mayhew is an amazing actor, and it was a long time before I realized he played Chewie.
 I feel so happy for Jamie Lee Curtis for the success of Halloween
 I heard that Halloween is now the second-biggest opening ever for an R-rated horror movie. Do you know what's first?
 Yeah those are all good movies. I also liked Friday the 13th and Nightmare on Elm Street. The new Halloween note took in about $89 in only 3 days, so it was definitely popular
 Yep it's always hard to beat the original. And yes the new Halloween movie is actually being released on the 40th anniversary of the release of the first one
 Yeah I think the original is going to be the best. Did you know that Stephen King actually thinks that the movie Bambi should be a horror movie?
 Well that's really good for him! Do you think that horror movies actually burn almost 200 calories per movie? If so I should watch more to lose weight LOL
 Yeah you do have to learn, it's actually very uncomfortable even in a saddle, I think it's cool that Dalmatians were used with firehouses in order to calm the horses back before fire trucks
 I think some Dalmatians are born deaf but not all of them are, what do you think about the high school students who rode horses to school? The high school had a no vehicle policy at the time, and so they rode horses instead lol
 Yep I can admire that, I would never have done that as a kid haha. It's interesting that Clint Eastwood was not always allergic to horses but developed it once he hit midlife
 I've have 3 kids that are adults now.  I don't remember this "monster" thing.  I think I'm reading the exploits of a snowflake millennial. 
 Yeah, like that's a good solution -- getting lit. Funny, polo shirts should actually be called tennis shirts because a tennis player invented them.
 I think it's fascinating that there are stars cold enough to touch.
 Hello. Did you know there is a violin made of stone, and it is actually playable?
 I agree. There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a rep or dem since 1853.
 Wow, I guess that doesn't surprise me lol. Did you know the use of RED and BLUE for each party color only began in 2000? Weird
 Oh wow I didn't know that. I saw that Ronald Reagan compaiged for democrats.
 That's odd, he wasn't a Democrat, interesting. i didn't know that.
 Very interesting I think. 15% of the tea party movement identify themselves as democrats.
 Did you know Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons one time?
 I watch YouTube daily. YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet.
 That doesn't surprise me. I didn't know this but YouTube operates as one of Googles subsidiaries ...Google bought Youtube for over a billion dollars!
 I didn't know that either. Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet usage in North America.
 Wow, that is huge. I like how the police have their own youtube called blutube lol...pretty smart!
 I think it is! I heard without cars, they use domestic flights to travel.
 I am not sure. But I do know it is very cheap to travel.
 No, I have not. I heard they don;t have vehicles.
 I wonder if people get dizzy looking out of the window.
 They need mobiles and want to spent the money in the unwanted things. Mostly they are uncomfortable with their studies and teacher. It is very very difficult to handle this situation. They need bike also without drinving license.
 Sounds itchy... I think it's funny that Pilgrims wore colorful clothes, not just black. Stereotypes... I bet they didn't eat turkey all the time either.  
 Interesting.  It's also interesting that polo shirts were actually invented by a tennis player Lacoste nicknamed "the gator".
 We haven't had such ideas since Copernicus.  I thought that was put to bed.  People think what they want like the folks that think the universe is one big superhologram. 
 That 1% may be a generous estimate.  We've recently lost most of the universe with the unknowns of  dark matter and energy.  There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe. 
 haha yes! Maybe hercules can prove he is real by suing! I guess Edgar allen poe has the title for oldest example of a cyborg in fiction
 ah I see well that is definitely weird, what I'm not surprised with is there is a wikipedia that ranks fictinoal characters, it does it according to their abilities, I'll tell you some people have a lot of time on their hands
 ah I didn't know that, well I think you can do it! just make sure to use modern violins and not the million dollar stradivarius ones, modern ones sound better in blind tests
 haha those lying butter eaters! great talking with you, stay away from japanese highways they are apparently all toll roads!
 that is so cool! Next time I watch a jazz band, I'm going to see if the trumpeters have goatees!
 Yes it provides them comfort when playing the trumpet!
 That is interesting! But you know what is more interesting? The sun lol.
 Yes! Did you know the sun is actually white?
 Haha! Yeah i have always wondered things like that. But I have heard that Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast who knew huh?
 Yeah what kind of stuff is on your mind that you would like to talk about?
 I am he was a fiction writer correct?
 Yeah he was a special kinda person, If i recall he was the person who also wrote the poem about  the raven crying nevermore.
 Yep, and a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the surface of the sun, crazy!
 Hey how is it going today, have you heard of the axe-murderer in New Orleans by chance? Scary!
 I would never have guessed that. Have you ever noticed that a lot of jazz trumpeters have goatees? Apparently it is to provide comfort while they play.
 It would be nice to imagine that world, it better be coming soon. Well I am going to call it a night, I hope you have a great one and take care!
 Yeah he does have some pretty decent songs,Ive heard the Uptown Funk video has over 30 million views, thats crazy.
 I didnt realize that.  I didnt realize that he started out as an elvis impersonator either! 
 Forbes says Kylie Jenner is a billionaire. I had no idea.
 I would love to go to space! Yeah, and they say Kylie Jenner is self made. But I don't think that is true. Supposedly she is the youngest self made billionaire ever.
 I try not to. Maybe I would more often if we used it for useful things like Iceland does.
 Very cool, especially that the public can make suggestions and alterations.
 Right, they could have bought it for only 79 million and now it's worth 104 billion
 I think its funny that the like button was originally going to be the "awesome" button
 Haha, that is interesting! And it's funny that the like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-holstein.
 Wow, that's incredible!  I guess Myspace had the option to buy Facebook at one point, I'm sure they've never stopped regretting that decision!!
 That's funny!  I guess his parents were wrestling fans!!  But I heard his real name is Peter Gene Hernandez, so maybe Bruno is the wrestling fan?
 That's really neat!  I didn't know that...he reminds me more of Michael Jackson.  But I guess Michael Jackson was obsessed with Elvis...it all checks out!
 hey did you know a robot can now be programmed to debone a chicken?
 Interesting. There is even a robotic arm that a paralyzed woman controls with her thoughts.
 wow that is cool, do you Like Michael Jackson? He wanted to build a 50 foot robot haha
 That sounds pretty wild. I think the mars robots are cute. The Curiosity sings happy birthday to itself on its birthday.
 haha they are cute! did you ever watch Mythbusters? I guess they created a robot sidekick on that show
 I do watch that sometimes but have not seen that episode. I guess the idea of chess playing robots have been around for awhile. Napoleon and Benjamin Franklin lost chess games to a robot, but it wasn't really a robot. A person was hidden inside. 
 haha I remember hearing about that, one thing I'm glad is the US military uses xbox 360 controllers for the eod robots, thats probably cost savings
 haha yes I would worry about that, especially now they are putting rat brains into robots, that is scary!
 ah thats too bad because thats what I need! Would you work at an Amazon warehouse? I guess a worker can walk up the 15 miles a day from their shift work
 haha thats what I think too, and I do wish I were the first person to order on amazon, only $28 and you could have had a building named after you!
 haha that would be awesome! humans are always evolving though, maybe robots are the next thing, I mean only 200,000 years ago we still had body hair
 And a lot of people do still have an awful lot of body hair. Haha. We supposedly get goosebumps because of an evolutionary trait that was used to make fur stand up and make an animal look bigger
 haha imagine how cool that would be, that sucks and also sucks to be a human because there is a sound frequency that causes fear in us
 hey! I do like robots, theyre so advanced I guess they can now debone a chicken which is awesome
 wow that is crazy, I think its cool the government used an xbox controller to control an eod robot
 ah that is cool, I do know they have a special contract to deliver on sunday with USPS
 ya, I didn't know that, they bought them in 1998, I use that site everyday!
 well I do know there is a sound that will cause fear in all humans, its a certain frequency I think
 ya that is crazy, do you think other animals cna do that? Could we harvest ribs from animals sustainably? haha
 So very true.  I wonder if the like button would be  legal on mars.  There are parts of Germany where it isnt.
 That is impressive, I'm surprised that Star Wars is only the fifth highest-grossing media franchise
 Pretty crazy despite all the people who stream it Netflix pays much more on postage than bandwidth
 I am sure of it!  That's funny George lucas's wife won an acedemy award
 I know and george lucas didnt! But she did have an influence on vital scenes. Including obi wan's death
 It make Lucas a billionaire! The value of the franchise is 65 billion
 We can all agree that Luke Skywalker is the man though! Although he was almost a girl
 I think it's a great idea and really hope they do!
 Ooh, I bet they do big time.  Huge mistake on their part.  I can't believe they thought it would be a flop.
 I'm happy for him.  What I find interesting is that James Earl Jones only took 2.5 hours to record all of his Darth Vader lines and only got paid $7500.00.
 That is crazy to think about! And the movie wouldn't be the same without his voice.
 You're so right.  Nobody else could have said,"  Luke, I am your father", quite like him.  lol
 Speaking of Luke, did you know he was originally written as a girl?
 Yeah, I had heard that about Luke.  Did you know that the original light saber prop used by Luke Skywalker is inside the International Space Station?
 No, times have changed and integrity and honesty went out the window a long time ago.  You would have to force everyone to sign a ginormous gag order under penalty of imprisonment to keep a secret now.  And even then that wouldn't stop some people from gabbing.
 Ryan endorsed McCarthy to replace him.
 Why can't we do what the ancient athens did. Appoint by lottery. 
 I agree.  I imagine they can't be any good, which could make it funny, but in a very sad sense.
 Wow, I didn't know that. There is also a fantasy congress, I suppose that is one boring game. 
 A fantasy congress?  Is that like fantasy football?  How would you even get points?
 Hi. I just read that, and find that to be pretty funny! That's one of those facts that is fun but meaningless. 
 So I guess that last time there was a third party candidate that was successful was over 150 years ago. I wonder what the name of the party was? That was just before the civil war, unless I have forgotten my dates.
 I wonder if there fact about a republican being elected that wasn't a Nixon or Bush (since 1928) was written before Trump's election? He ran as a Republican and won.
 Not sure. did you know the taller candidate won the presidental election 75% of the time.?
 Yeah thats extreme kinda. lol its Dumbo hes a disney character.  Did you see previews for the new Dumbo live action movie about to come out?
 Haha I think the elephants are cgi.  But the actors are real.  I seen that movie,  it was kinda boring in my opinion.
 Yes usually,  it appeals to adults too. I really liked that movie Inside Out,  that had a lot of adult jokes in it and very entertaining to children. 
 haha,  she used to be.  Not anymore,  shes into all things princess right now.  That is awesome fact though. 
 haha.  I learned that the firsst woman was elected in congres before she even had the right to vote,  weird huh
 Yes, that is very weird and it just really strange to think about how much things have changed in politics and society in general!
 well its been great talking with you,  have a good one. 
 That is the kind of thing you think has been around for ever.  Maybe that is why we only have two major parties, everyone's two favorites colors are taken.
 Fantasy congress sound like it is taking the whole fantasy sports thing to far.  I can't see many people sitting in bars yelling at CSPAN because their politician has made the wrong move.
 I just dont understand why women couldnt vote but could be elected to congress.
 Maybe it was an oversight of the rule writers, a loop hole so to speak.  Surprising that so many men would have voted for woman back in 1916.
 Im not a big stephen colbert fan to be honest with you. Do you know that voter turnout or president hasnt crossed 62.8 percent in over 100 years
 That's hilarious. Did you know there hasn't been a president who wasn't a rep or dem since 1853?
 Not too sure on that. The last time a rep was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in 1928.
 That just blows my mind! I didn't realize that the red and blue colors with the parties wasn't really a thing until 2000!
 I agree. I didn't know that was a thing for such a shot time either. 
 I think it's funny what Nevada has printed on their voting options!
 I try to understand it! I know it kind of started in the 1770s!
 I do too. There are 3 subways line that only congressmen can ride.
 Yet I'm sure they all take taxis! Did you ever hear about Truman at Disneyland?
 He refused to get his picture taken on the Dumbo ride because he didn't want to be associated with Republicans lol.
 HAHA! Did you know there is fantasy Congress game?
 I didn't know that, what is it about?
 Basically, you draft members of Congress and points are based off legislative success.
 I wonder who would be the number one and two pick? 
 I can't believe is has been over 150 since we had a president who wasn't a Democrat or Republican
 I am not sure if this true for the first woman, but i think quite a few of the early woman were elected after their husbands died
 hey there yes I do, did you know the republican party was founded in 1854
 I didnt realize that.  I didnt realize that they dominated in the northern states either.
 ya I didn't either, also didn't know that red and blue weren't associated with republicans and democrats until the year 200
 Same here!  I thought those had been around forever!
 I know! It seems like forever since we had a president who wasn't a Democrat or Republican, since 1853 actuallY!
 yup I agree, we should change how elections are run, did you know that Back in athens a long time ago, they would just do a lottery to elect officials
 yup you're right, its sad though, the highest voter turnout we've ever had in the USA was 62.8%
 yup but if they are choosing to vote "none of these candidates" then your vote is still meaningless haha so whats the point of showing up
 ya thats a good diea, do you know why the taller candidate usually wins in US elections? That seems weird that they win 75% of the time
 it must be something primal like that, did you know that there is an exclusive subway line that shuttles congresspeople to different government buildings?
 yes they've been playing those games since 1909, the republicans are up by 3 wins overall btw!
 haha ya that sounds boring, also boring to be there while Elmo was testifying before Congress lol talk about a waste of time
 I agree. Did you know there hasn't been a president who wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853?
 Wow I did not know it has been that long. I really think Bernie should run as an independent and not as democrat. The fear is always splitting the vote, but that happens anyway.
 Yep that's true. Every president with a beard has always been a republican.
 Oh wow I didn't know it stood for that either. The last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in 1928.
 That's hilarious. I did not know that about her. 
 Yeah, the Republican party was a lot different more recently than people think. In fact Nixon was the only president ever to propose a guaranteed min income. Now people would probably like to reduce min wage to $2 an hour or something crazy. 
 Oh wow I didn't know that either. I saw the red and blue colors associated with each party didn't start until 2000.
 Elections are a mess, not just presidential. A dog has not only won an election for mayor but served as a mayor for 13 years! Dogs don't even live much past 13 lol.
 I agree. LOL - that's pretty funny! During the 2012 US elections, international observers were blocked from the polls in nine states.
 I agree. Since 1900, the taller candidate has won the election by 75%.
 I think I read that somewhere.  I did know however that Even though John Carter was considered a flop for Disney, it did great in Russia, even breaking box office records
 Good think it didn't.  If you take inflation into account, the original Star Wars trilogy made more money that the prequels in the US by $1,328,009,800.
 wow thats crazy! The silence of the lambs came out on valentine's day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million.
 I didn't know it did that good.  The first game to surpass Hollywood box office sales was Mortal Kombat 2.  I actually saw that one.  I was a huge fan of the game.
 The game was awesome!  Still a classic,  the movie was not that great lol 
 The first one was I thought, but not the second one.  I was surprised to see that the Lord of the Rings trilogy made big losses even though it was a huge box office success.
 Wow thats crazy!!  That was an amazing series!
 I know, I am shocked it lost money.  I am also a humongous comedy fan.  Did you know that Drew Carey was in the Marine Corps for 8 years.  He would tell jokes to his fellow marines.
 Yes, that is a classic.  I was shocked to see Evan Almighty was the most expensive comedy ever made.  It had a budge of $200 million. 
 Man, the Dave Chappelle show on there was the funniest show EVER in my opinion.  Check this out.  In 1981, "The Empire Strikes Back" was nominated by the writers guild of America for its best comedy award.  Strange. 
 lol it definitely had some comedy aspects! Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
 ya I do like comedy, I like that Drew Carey got his start doing comedy when he was in the marines
 yup, comedy is cool it was founded in ancient Greece which I didnt know
 that is crazy, its funny too the first comedy film was a guy slipping on a banana peel to fall into horse poop haha
 haha I do like that movie, have you seen Evan Almighty?
 that was Bruce Almighty, this one was actually the most expensive comedy ever made
 haha weird, also weird its been 40 years since a comedy won best picture
 I like all those shows! did you know empire strikes back somehow was nominated for a comedy award back in 1981
 haha that movie was horrible, did you ever see MOrtal Kombat 2?
 ya Mortal Kombat 2 was the first game to make more than the hollywood movie based on it, so the game was good but the movie was unpopular
 Yeah I know that I never read them haha. If you went on Mount Everest would you take a selfie at the top? Apparently they have 3-g service there
 I did know that, I'm probably addicted right now haha. And yes if you use the internet too much you can get addicted to clicking links
 Yes I think you're right. Have you heard of the Drake equation? It's an equation that calculates the probability that life exists outside of hours in the universe and I think that it has determined that there should be life there somewhere
 Yes it's best to keep an open mind. What do you think about Tom Cruise? Did you know he built a 10 million dollar bunker in his basement to protect him from Aliens LOL
 Yep it seems like a really weird thing to buy, have you seen the movie Aliens though? Apparently those aliens were based off of deep sea creatures
 Yes I definitely like astronomy, what about you? Did you know that after they created Wi-Fi, they were able to use that technology to improve astronomy and imaging in outer space
 I agree, do you like Bill Nye the Science Guy? Apparently he is the executive director of the planetary society which is an astronomy organization
 It is curious. I mean, since the leader of his religion is an alien, as I understand it, you'd think he'd be okey doke with aliens.
 With aliens from the deep? I'd love that. Of course, the Scientology aliens come from volcanoes, which is a whole other...thing.
 I'd forgotten about the wayback machine! I hope my old website hasn't been saved. Though it's nice to know that I could read it from atop Mt. Everest, if I had to. Can you imagine being up there and wanting to be on the internet?
 It certainly is! I just want to click through everything and learn just enough things to be a know it all.
 Hello - I enjoy it all. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001?
 Yea that's pretty amazing. I love Linkin Park. 
 I bet. In Croatia there is an ancient amphitheater that is still in use as a venue today.
 Yes there is a lot. There is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards, is inspiring.
 Yep. The Japanese alphabet, when recited in order, forms a poem.
 Oh wow ok. I bet that was a challenge then!
 I'm sure it must have taken forever. On the other hand, the Japanese alphabet is naturally a poem when recited in order.
 Oh I'm sure it must have been exhausting. Then again imagine the Ramones, they played 2,263 concerts total over 20 years, that's insane!
 Well I know Pink Ployd recorded a live concert at a different Roman amphitheater in Pompeii! Then again there was no audience so who knows how good it really was.
 That is definitely a valid concern. What is weird is that humans are the minority on the Internet outnumbered by automated software programs.
 Yeah it would! What is crazy is that astronauts in space have faster internet than most american homes!
 Yeah true. I do although we have never made contact. Even the ancient greeks wrote stories about them!
 Yeah agreed. Maybe the USA needs its own plan? The sequel to charlie and the chocolate factory has aliens!
 I find it interesting that the U.N. already has a contingency plan in the event aliens do make contact.  People have been fantasizing about forever; an ancient Greek wrote about plant like aliens on the moon over 1800 years ago!
 He probably has, that is crazy.  I wonder how that happened?
 I wonder if that position will ever be used.  I would feel somewhat silly telling people that is my job.
 I know, where? Interesting when the earth was formed a day was only 5.5 hours long!
 I didn't either, Gal Gadot was unaware she was auditioning for wonder woman, she thought it was for cat woman!
 Yes, he was half American and half British! 
 Yes she is perfect. during audition she was not aware that she is auditioning for Wonder woman
 I never knew that. I also didn't know Wonder Woman's first film appearance was in the Lego Movie
 Gal gadot has seved in israel defence force . I thought she was paegent queen
 no but it was the highest superhero origin movie. may be marvel movie may break this record soon
 That is very strange, not as strange as the heavy metal as a form of literature course taught at Texas A&M
 not they are in electronic form and burning is not that easy poor FDA
 do you know that Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature
 some things are hard to believe . Earth;s day was 5.5 hrs long when formed
 That's pretty crazy, plus earth's magnetic field reverses every 200,000-300,000 years
 Gravitional interaction between Earth and Moon gradually slows its rotation
 . We even have a ambassador for extra terrestrials .Nice talking to you
 It was $9. Depressing! Speaking of depressing, there is one  poem that when read normally is depressing but read backwards is inspiring.
 Nice. Some poetry that i would like to learn more about is the javanese alphabet. It actually forms a poem when recited in order
 I am not though I have a stray cat that is annoyingly cute that comes around and cuddles with me. Speaking of which, the cat in the Godfather opening scene was a stray that was found on set.
 That is interesting.
 Good question! Humans only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds if the entire earths history was viewed as 1 day!
 Wow that is hard to believe. And back when the earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 That is wild! Over 80% of Earths natural forests have been destroyed!
 That is absurd! I love how there is a literature contest that challenges people to come up with the worst opening sentence to a novel.
 That is very funny I would love to read some of those sentences. One surprising thing is that romantic kissing is a fairly recent development and is rarely mentioned even an ancient Greek literature.
 Very interesting. Love how Churchill won a nobel peace prize in literature and not peace.
 Yeah that is very interesting and something I did not know. He was a very smart man. Pretty cool he was  able to accomplish that back in 1953.
 Definitely! She actually served in the Israeli Defense Forces for 2 years.
 Wow she is really an amazing woman. Explains why the fight scenes were so realistic. When wonder woman first appeared as a member of the Justice society in 1941 the group made her their secretary. Oh how times have changed.
 I did not know it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie!
 Yeah that is a huge accomplishment wow. It is also the highest grossing world war one movie.
 Yes it was a great one. 2017 was also a great year for movies and it was the first year since 1958 that the top three highest grossing domestic films were female lead.
 Makes sense! Gal did not even know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought it was Catwoman!
 A total of 2,263 concerts! wow, that must have taken them years,
 It is, I didnt like that movie much but the name is nice. 
 Oh, I love that character! But surprisingly even with how not good it was, Wonder Woman managed to be the highest grossing superhero movie!
 Yeah I agree, especially when the FDA burns through six tons of literature in an act of US censorhip
 Yeah seriously and very entertaining too! Romantic kissing was only a fairly recent development! How is that possible!
 No that is amazing!  I remember reading that in High Shool.
 Do you like astronomy?  I have always found Earth fascinating.  It was formed 4.5 billion years ago!  That's so old!
 We think of a day as being 24 hours long.  But when Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours!
 If earth's  history was viewed in a 24 hour period.  Humans would only represent about 1 minute and 17 seconds.  Shows you how young we really are!
 No, but I don't mind them.  That is astonishing, I guess they like to sleep a lot.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Yes you are right, I heard a friend of mine that worked with wildlife said that snakes are more afraid of human as well.
 I cant, thats a lot of concerts, thats almost a concert a day if you dont count holidays, 
 Where do these performance get their energy from, I am tired after doing one song when I am in church.
 Yes I agree with you, I am not familiar with the group "The ramones" is this an all male group or male and female?
 Wow interesting, do you know who Winston Churchill is? well he won a novel prize because of literature.
 Yes I know who she is. I heard she's coming out with a new book.
 That's a really good song as so is "Proud Mary."
 I haven't seen it nor read the book. I need to check them out. 
 Do you feel like Ike was the worst thing that's happened to her?
 Yes, I feel like they didn't get along.
 After they got married in Tijuana Ike took her to a show without her consent.
 She showed her courage and became an inspiration for many women.
 She's made a name for herself. Everyone knows who she is now.
 I do. I actually have a red tailed boa.
 It seems like it would be called that. Someone told me there's several in my area, but I've never seen one. 
 That would be very, very scary. 
 So Netflix also has the DVD service, interesting, I guess every subscriber counts, still seems a bit excessive, 20 more times!!!! and wow 33% really?
 Did you know Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth usage in North America from 9pm-12am?
 I guess so. Netflix and YouTube make up half the peak internet traffic in North America.
 I prefer YouTube as well. Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 I agree. Netflix is worth $2 billion though so they must be doing something right.
 I think it was popular. In the 2007 film, there are 1.53 explosions per minute.
 Me too! They have so many subscribers that they take up around a third of all bandwidth used at night!
 That's incredible. I only started using them a few years ago but I think they've been around since 1997. 
 Definitely! They could have bought it for only $50 million. 
 Right and to think they are worth 2 billion. I just watch the avenger infinity war on there. im a big marvel fan. 
 That's cool that they have a large international presence. They have offices in Japan and Brazil, too. 
 did you know between 9pm -12 am netflix accounts for a third of the bandwidth in north america
 I agree. I hate the new set up. I didnt realalize netflix started its own content in 2012. I thought it was much more recent than that
 in 2018 the total value for the star wars franchise was $65 BILLION. Thats insane
 I did not know that. In the original transformers movie there are 1.53 explosions per minute lol. Michael Bay must love to blow things up
 well those CGI effects took 38 hours to render one frame of movement
 I read the other day that they have used helicopters to dry off the fields for tennis
 Wow. It's really amazing what they will do for professional sports. And yet grunting in tennis can be considered cheating. 
 Really? I think they do that like every hit!
 That is like the kleenex issue! Tennis is pretty much large scale ping pong!
 Apparently we call that soccer because it was slang for Association football!
 Huh. I did not know that. I always wondered where the term soccer came from.
 most likely! that is a lot of running! a lot of people play though, over 250 million
 I play in the summers we play a couple times a week, we play this game called pickleball a lot too its similar to tennis, did you hear that in 1969 they used helicopters to dry off the grass tennis courts, thats funny 
 haha ya you have to work so thats fair, can you believe the longest tennis match ever lasted 11 hours spread over 3 days, I would be so tired
 I think I did know that, or at least now that you explain it to me it make sense. Lacoste is popluar attire for tennis.
 well I do know the city that will host the 2022 world cup doesn't exist yet, they have to build the whole city
 I'm wondering about 2022 in Qatar. They even didn't build city for the final. It's small country actually.
 Yeah I definitely enjoy watching tennis. Back in 1978 they could use anything for a racket-that would make it more interesting!
 Do you know that the longest match in history was 11 hours or about 3 days to play? It's incredible!!!
 Wow they must have been exhausted. Whereas the longest point was a 643 point rally lasting 29 minutes!
 Oh that is so cool I wanna look that up! Ping pong is like tennis but it isn't the sports name. The sport is actually called table tennis.
 Yes I do it's a fun sport. you? I think it's funny how some people consider grunting before a tennis shot to be cheating.
 True. I used to play a lot in my school years, but just don't remember when I played the last time. I didn't kniw that Lacoste was invented for tennis players. I was always sure for polo players, but they just adopted it.
 Yeah same. I never knew the tennis ball was covered with felt, I thought it was a different type of material.
 Yeah it is such a global sport! On average soccer players run 7 miles per game. No wonder they are in such great shape.
 Interesting. Yea I always wondered that. Oddly enough Greenland can't join Fifa because not enough grass grows there. 
 Good question! What's even crazier is the superbowl is smaller than soccers (or football for you) 3rd biggest event. 
 Yeah I agree with you, its amazing how much the franchise is worth though, 65 billion dollars!!
 Maybe. I know Kim is on the 2015 Time Magazine's list of 100 most influential people.
 Oh, I mean, where you're constantly in flux and you see everyone else with concrete life happening and making progress ... and you're not.
 Interesting.  I've heard of dual-stars, but this is four?  Normally planets just have the one star, so that would be extraordinary.
 I don't think I could tell the difference between them.  But just imagine having the time and attention to discern that there are five different ones, all without photography!
 Calling something a comedy when it's not really makes you think about it ... have we all been viewing it wrongly?  Such organizations sometimes get it wrong, like when 3rd Rock from the Sun won for best comedy series over Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier in 1997.
 Lol that's nuts. I didn't know Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the 80s, it's hard to imagine
 i know ! i never would have thought that either!
 im not sure , but they are probably right.
 yes and in  2002 CREED ocncert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band! wow !
 No problem. Did you know the Ramones played 2,263 concerts? That's wild
 cool! and did you know that when eddie van halen recorded the guitar solo for Beat it  that he literally set the speakers on fire
 wonder if they were just practicing ?
 thats really interesting , thank you for the conversation. good bye
 She was the highest paid celebrity behind Lebron James. I cant believe she made that much.
 Hey did you know that Queen's guitarist has a PHD in astrophysics? thats crazy
 I really like classic rock and 80's, I can listen to almost anything except country, I do like pink floyd a lot and that's awesome they did a live concert to no audience haha
 haha like how do you measure that? It is catchy but I would think it would be another song, ti's scary that lincoln park has done 324 concerts in 2001, that's almost 1 per day that sounds exhausting
 I can't believe that the Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts so far that is a massive number.
 Something tells me that Trump singing may be accompanied by an accordian.
 haha ya I wonder what instrument he would play, did you know that Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the 80's?
 That is wild.
 That will probably change soon.  I didn't know Stanley Kubrick was involved with Spartacus. 
 Yes.  I can't believe the Green Lantern was going to be a comedy with Jack Black!
 Couldn't have hurt much. :) I was surprised to know that the Python programming language was, in part, named after Monty Python. 
 Yea Phil Collins is a pretty good singer, I never knew he was in the beatles movie "A Hard Day's Night"
 Yea, it's crazy Collins sold 100 million in Genesis and as a solo act
 Did you know Rick Gervais was a pop singer in the 80's? I can't picture it lol
 Apparently once they were so bad that four of the people that attended a concert sued them for being bad.
 Nope, that's pretty cool! Loved that song Smoke on the Water.
 Yea it's a great song. It's weird Abba turned down 1 billion dollars to do a reunion tour
 I haven't paid attention to that. I'll have to now. Cinematographer roger deakins has been nominated 13 times for the best cinematography oscar, and has never won.
 Even if you get all the tea's in the world? I guess it's bad for their children who have to be subjected to the awful names and filmed. I can't believe they named their child Chicago.
 i'll add it to my list of movies to watch. Bill Murray is such a great comedian, unfortunately I don't think he's been in movies as of late. Green lantern is on my list of movies to watch too, weird to think that it was initially going to be a comedy
 Yeah I think Jack Black was supposed to star. Hard to believe that 3rd Rock beat Seinfeld for best comedy in '97 at the golden globes
 that's some crazy stuff. It even must be frustrating with Roger Daekins for being nominated 13 times and never having won
 And the guy who was supposed to be the cinematographer for Spartacus didn't actually do the work and won the academy award.
 I've never heard of them before. I heard that rejection letters from Sub Pop Records to aspiring artists start with "Dear loser." That's kind of disheartening.
 Oh wow, that's alot of concerts. That album is one of my favorites. Have you heard about Deep Purple breaking the record for the loudest concert in 1972? Three audience members were rendered unconscious!
 That's a lot of concerts! Wow. Did you know that Abba turned down $1 BILLION to do a 100 concert reunion tour?
 Oh wow, that's kind of odd. I heard that in 2010 Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs. I'm sure they enjoyed it. 
 How about a Harlem woman who has held a Jazz concert in her apartment every Sunday for 20 years!!! crazy
 lol. What do you think of people who use surrogate mothers?
 Yeah that is shocking! It's also shocking that scientists determined the queen song, We Are the Champions, to be the catchiest song of all time LOL
 Wonder if one of those is the catchiest song of all time LOL I would guess not, did you know that North Korea has a K-pop girl band? And it is the most popular group in the country?
 It is a lot of shows!  I do think that Lincoln Park is more impressive though, they did 324 concerts in only one year
 That is really cool. Also cool is that Van Halen actually set a speaker on fire when he was playing a guitar solo LOL that's so metal
 Hahaha, you are right, voters turnout for president election hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years.
 He was, I wonder how he did?  With the length of that show, and it's weekly showing there must be lots of now famous people that have been on it.
 probably, he also made a cameo in the movie wedding crashers
 Interesting that if you are born around the Panama canal you can be American, do we lease or own the land for the canal.  I know we pretty much built it.
 not sure, mccains mom is still alive and took race car driving classes in her late 90's!
 yeah! speaking of politics, voter turnout for presidential elections has not breached 62% in the last 100 years
 interesting, neveda is the only state that has "none of these candidates" voting option for pres elections
 Do they keep a tally of how many times people check that.  I wonder what they'd do if that got the most checks.
 definitely, funny fact, the taller presidential candidate has one 75% of the time since 1900
 funny, and who would think of keeping that data
 Really? Haha, that's odd! I have a funny fact...John McCains mom....took race car driving classes and she is in her 90s! 
 I don't know how fast she went but being in her 90s she must have wanted to drive a race car really bad lol...no time like the present!     It has been great chatting!
 Back to John McCain no, did you know that he voted against a Federal holiday for Martin Luther King
 I did. he had some problematic votes and opinions while he was serving as a senator.  i think he is also one of the few senators to cameo in a movie. 
 Yes you're right he made a cameo in that movie"Wedding Crashers" I always thought that movie was pretty funny
 Yeah I wondered about that too. I probably would not use it myself because I would just vote for someone that I liked. Did you know with John McCain that you was actually born in the Panama Canal Zone
 Yes I think he was. He also had a media reputation for being called a"Maverick"
 Yep I think you're right. He was actually a former military officer and served as a US senator from 1987 until he died in 2018
 Yeah I don't know about using a lottery system that sounds very dumb to me, but it is interesting that 75% of the time the taller candidate will win the presidential election
 Yes I wonder why that happened, it also makes me sad that our elections max out at 63% turnout that seems low
 Yes for airships.
 Yea that seems more accurate. Also I was interested to know IMDB is owned by Amazon. 
 Yeah good question. I respect Bezos though. He built the largest internet retailer in the world all the way back in 1994.
 Whoa I would like to see that. The Amazon contract with USPS must explain how they are able to deliver packages so fast, even on Sundays!
 Yeah good question I'm not sure. AI is definitely good at solving puzzles though as it crushed all human records in the puzzle game "2048". 
 Yeah. There has to be a fine line between helping us out but not taking over. I would think that google would make a good AI. Google once used hundreds of goats to trim it's lawns instead of making people do it.
 Yeah I bet they think positively of them. A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon. That is quite surprising. 
 An innovative company, they are.  They once used live goats instead of people to mow their lawns!
 I agree.  I didn't know that they also owned IMDB since 1998.  Probably so they could direct people to buy the movies over at Amazon. lol
 Yeah, it seems like they are grabbing the market anywhere they can, from books, entertainment, and much more.
 They even control more than it seems because they are a cloud provider.  It's almost like they are becoming the internet.
 lol, On april 18, 1930, the bbc decided there was no news worth reporting, so they broadcast piano music instead. Did You hear about that ?
 what do You mean, You don't like regular news ? ;)
 I wander if Brits were surprised when instead of news they got piano music instead ;) lol
 Holy Crap ! ;) Now to see phil collins it's like $350 and those are not even good seats... ;) times changed, that's for sure...
 I've heard of it, but never knew it was filmed! I'm gonna hafta Youtube it and see if I can find anything on it...so I can watch a good sounding piano (keeping on the topic). 
 Probably, those things I never read and now I owe them not only my soul, but all the winnings if I were to ever hit the lotto.  lol.  Ive heard Kristen Stewart co-authored a paper on AI
 I agree I would be too busy getting freezed to play the piano, that must require a lot of hard physical work though.
 I didn't know that. In any case thank you for the chat. I am going to look up what the aluminum grand piano looks like after this chat.
 No, but we have a big distribution center in my city and I have been there. Can you believe Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years?
 No that's a really crazy thing to build. What do you think about the fact that the first customer to buy something on Amazon got a building named after him
 I wish I was that person! When I was at Amazon I walked miles. Did you know that the workers walk between 7-15 miles each day. I believe it!
 Yep I use that site almost everyday, it's crazy that Amazon owns them, they own almost everything LOL
 Yes they do. Do you think it is crazy that instead of hiring a lawn crew that google had goats mow the lawns.]
 I do think that's crazy. But I guess it is environmentally friendly. corraling hundreds of live goats to mow a law is a crazy thing to try to do
 She's the actress from the Twilight movies. Apparently she even wrote a paper about artificial intelligence which I did not think she would be interested in
 Yeah I think you're right. It's all so crazy that Facebook is creating its own artificial intelligence to identify objects in photos
 It's hard to believe that their skeletons actually weigh less than their feathers with those hollow bones.
 Yea I never even thought Abba was that in demand to offer 1 billion to do 100 concerts
 Yea, they even have a summit on St Patrick's day where the Irish Prime Minister visits the US President
 Do you have a favorite?  We just watched Empire of the Sun, it had a very young Christian Bale in it!
 Yes, I remember going with my dad.  It almost felt like we had to go.  It's amazing how a movie maker can go from big popcorn movies like E.T. to a serious movie such as Schindler's List.
 We just showed that one to the kids.  We had forgotten about all the swearing in it.  It's funny how memory works.
 That's cool!  Well if anyone could make a movie like that it would be Spielberg.  He's made some good ones, Jaws, E.T. The Color purple,and Jurassic Park, just to name a few.
 Can you say control?  I read he still makes millions from Star Wars off a bet he made with George Lucas in 1977.
 What's a friendly wager among billionaire friends?  
 I'm sure they were talking about cock fighting, still goes on today.  It's just illegal now if you get caught doing it! Lol Still, I think I would have fried up the under performing birds and watch the better fighters do their thang!
 You know, that thing was only discontinued in Japan in 2003.  Hard to believe it held on so long, there!
 I didn't know that but I have to admit that it says a lot about George Lucas to still be paying on a bet from so long ago.
 Speaking of jaws, did you know he personally played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack? I really like it when the creators participate directly in their creations.
 That is funny. I think I had heard that about cows, too. So like moo, meh, mewww? Haha Speaking of birds though, hummingbirds are smart. They steal spidewebs to fix their nests and to make new ones.
 I bet they are really light. Most birds' bones are so hollow that the skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
 Neat! And the dodo is also a close relative to the pigeon.
 Oh, that sounds like the lyre birds. I guess I have heard of them. Birds are neat. The reason they can fly is thanks to their almost hollow skeleton.
 I'm glad that all birds don't migrate. Think of a 9 foot ostrich flying past in the sky!
 Understandably so! There's close to ten thousand different bird species, so those spiders had better look out.
 That is something. I am astonished that someone managed to get a piano on top of Britain's highest mountain lol.
 Yes it is. I love both those songs. I love Paul McCartney on the piano. He can make those keys sing I think. Imagine putting an aluminum grand piano on an airship and it weighing only 356 pounds. Wow!
 Wow! makes you wonder how thats possible. I'm very surprised that Einstein played both the violin and piano. I never knew that.
 I wonder what that piece is like. And in blind tests modern violins were preferred over million-dollar stradivarius violins when sound tests were blind.
 That's horrible that that happened. I love the three stooges. It must take a lot of strength in your arms to play that then.
 Wow you've never been to a concert? you need to go to one ASAP LOL, maybe go to a The Ramones concert Sunday? Apparently they've been touring for almost 20 years straight, I bet their show is really good
 Yes you should! She would love it LOL. I would also go to a Linkin Park concert, although I think they're singer passed away, back in 2001 they did like 324 concerts in only a year, that's like one per day almost
 I grew up listening to Linkin Park and it hurt me when I found out Chester died. That is a lot of concerts, wow. 
 Yeah I play the piano, I start to learn as an adult, I actually like it a lot. I didn't know that back in 1930, there was a day where there was literally no news and so the BBC just played piano music instead haha
 Oh cool, I'm glad you enjoy it. I'm surprised there was no news, that is crazy.
 It was that giant blimp thing, remember it like exploded in the air, but apparently they had a piano on it and since it had to float, they used aluminum to create the piano, it only weighed 356 lb., I know that a real piano weighs a lot more than that
 That's cool! I always wanted to play the violin, I just heard it's really hard, it makes sense that Albert Einstein would play both the piano and violin haha
 Haha same here! What's your favorite one that you remember?
 I bet! Can you believe Linkin Park did 324 concerts in 2001 alone?
 It looks like 2263 in total! You were close! At least they weren't as bas a Creed doing concerts lol.
 I hope they did because they were really bad haha. Do you play any instruments?
 I want to see the piano used by both Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney sometime! That would be awesome.
 I hope so lol. Great chat as well, have an awesome night!
 Nice!  Europe has so much history and the engineering / architecture was so great, that doesn't surprise me that a venue would still be in use - amazing!
 I am not a Creed fan, or that genre.  So I can totally understand why fans would be disappointed enough to sue - but honestly, what were they expecting?!!?!?!?
 Fascinating - they had a grand piano on the Hindenburg?  Maybe that's why she went down!?!?!?
 I guess you(me) really do learn something new everyday!  In case this chat ends unexpectedly, it was really great chatting with you today!
 It's Boston Dynamics and the dogs can do things like open doors and empty the dishwasher.
 Hm. The one I mentioned can haul 30 pounds and may be used to work in dangerous environments like nuclear clean up.
 Wow.  I heard it can also move on surfaces that wheeled robots cant.
 It sounds useful. I've also heard it can haul a 30 pound payload.
 No, I did not!
 Yeah and robots can be controlled by rat brains?  It will change personalities with the change of brains.  Wowl
 Wow! I know robot movement is so precise that they can debone a chicken with surgical precision.
 That precise yet the military uses Xbox controllers to disarm and ID IEDs.  
 Really? Wow! I wonder if they learned that skill on Youtube? Especially since users can upload, share, view and rate videos.
 Probably... Why not?  Police have "BluTube" to share videos. 
 I have never heard of that! Do they share law enforcement videos?
 I am not surprised. I know Netflix and Youtube combined make up half of peak internet traffic in north America.
 Yeah, computers have changed things a lot.  A far cry from 1936 when the Russians built a computer that ran on water.
 I never knew! Gangam style got so many views they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 Even Michael jackson took deep interest in robots.
 I know so I am not sure why the need for them to look like humans
 cool. they have trained robots to debone a chicekn with surgical precision
 There are clips on YouTube about SpotMini.  It is a bit special since it is not wheeled it can move across all kinds of terrain,
 The scary part will be when a robot starts to think on its own instead of what has been programmed.  We don't want a real life Megatron!
 Sometimes I do.  Youtube basically has any topic you can think of.  The very first video was a guy talking about an elephant if you can believe that.
 And now they have everything in there. it is the largest search engine on the net
 Well yeah they ended up getting bought by Google in 2006 and added the power of Google's search engine so that make sense for sure.
 I said earlier that voting is important.  In India, they went even further.  They set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions just to give one person the opportunity to vote.
 I think I heard about that! And then one day Richard Nixon broke it LOL he truly is the master in the art of ruining things LOL
 Wow that's interesting. You know what I want to do though? I want to raid the candy desk that's in the Senate, they have a lot of good stuff like milky Way's and Mars Bars and jelly beans lol those are my favorite
 Haha that's true. How often do you vote by the way? Did you know that astronauts vote from space?
 Well that's cool. And they did that all for just a single voter too! Did you know that in the United Kingdom, not every man could vote until 1918, that's not a long time ago
 I agree that is sad. What makes me laugh though, is that the citizens in Texas voted to rename a garbage dump in Austin to"Fred Durst"that's definitely a diss on him haha
 No I didn't know that. I think it would be interesting to have more political parties in the United States though. Another interesting thing, is that every president with a beard has been a republican, I wonder why that is haha
 That is really weird. Although I think that information is old, because Trump was elected and he's a Republican. What is really crazy to me, is that the red and blue colors for Republicans Democrats only started in the year 2000. That seems like it's been that way my whole life, but apparently not
 Yep I agree. Do you remember Harry Truman? He was president in 1957, and a Democrat, and so he wouldn't get his picture taken with Dumbo because Dumbos an elephant aka a republican lol
 That is interesting. Also interesting is the evolution of the two parties. it's even crazy that the Republican party started back in 1854, and before that they were known as the Whigs
  Did you know Richard Nixon cracked the us senate gavel after being used for 165 years?
 i would not care for that, did you know astronauts vote from space?
 yes, every president with a beard has been a republican:)
 not sure how accurate that is, Trump does not have a beard
 just meant the ones that have had a beard, it seems like red and blue has been used forever for rep & dems but did you know it only started in 2000?
 same, also only dem or rep president since 1853, time for an independent?
 I agree with that, they have least funding though
 true, hows this for voting, Indian govt set up poll in a forest with lions
 that is crazy
 they had one voter, talk about restricting the votes
 Hardly feels like a majority.  Do you follow the Senate?
 yes, hard to believe they could not wear pants until 1993!
 Yes I agree. No one really writes poetry anymore. It's interesting how in Javanese, the alphabet will form a phone when it is read in order
 Yes I'll have to check that out. It makes me sad that Edgar Allan Poe only got $9 for the poem "The Raven" that's actually a really amazing poem
 224! That is a huge amount of palindromes. I'm not even sure I can think of that many let alone that many sentences that could be palindromes. Talk about talent. 
 Yes I agree! What do you think about the Sun by the way? It's amazing that the diameter is 109 times that of Earth's diameter that is so huge
 That is really huge! And to think it is still only 1 billionth of the size of the largest star ever seen in our galaxy. Makes you really feel small. 
 Yes I agree. Also I never knew that the sun is actually white, only the atmosphere makes it seem yellow, I wonder why we don't learn at school
 Yes that is a surprising fact. Planets are so interesting though. I never knew that Venus didn't tilt and that it also doesn't have any seasons
 I did not know that. That is way different that uranus which roles because of how much it tilts. 
 The name Uranus always makes me laugh haha. I wish that we had another planet in our solar system no. Jupiter's moon Ganymede could actually be considered a planet if it orbited the Sun instead of being a moon
 That's extremely accommodating. I knew that astronauts can vote from space which is also impressive. 
 That's very interesting. How odd. I do know that with the exception of Trump the last time a republican was elected president with no Bush or Nixon on the ticket was 1928!
 That's so embarrassing. I hope he pulled it off. Microsoft held an iPhone funeral when they released their phones. That was presumptuous.  
 I had heard that, but I guess i just remember the white and black from all the history books, or rather the illustrations and descriptions.  
 I know some odds and ends, like they still use floppy disks for storing files.  I didnt even know they made floppy disks anymore.
 Who knows? I'm surprised Trump hasn't made any changes to the White House. Solar panels were put on the back by George W. Bush, and I've heard that's not the first time they've attempted solar power
 That sounds more complicated than my aunt buying clothes for her dog! Some fish drink water via their mouths, but the ones that soak it in through their skin would need clothes that wouldn't block that.
 I didn't know Patagonia made dog clothes too! They have really nice human coats (that's funny to write), and they're usually less expensive than some designer brands. Some of those get up to $955 or more!
 I don't think I've ever spent more than $40 on a coat, but I have a hard time not being cheap about clothes, plus I live in the desert where I don't need them much! I've never bought anything like a Moncler.
 That would be scandal, they'd accuse her of being a technophobe. In the days of iphones I thought floppy disks would be non existent.
 Same here, but only recently. Did you know astronauts can vote from space?
 Haha He would have my vote too! I didn't know not all men in the uk could vote until 1918!
 I believe it! I wonder what Canadian politics is like. I wonder if they used the same gavel as long as the US senate did?
 And he was a democrat wasn't he? Crazy! He didn't have a beard so he had to be, since every president with a beard were Republicans!
 That's one way to get into the office! I didn't know we only associated colors with the parties as late as 2000!
 I remember hearing about that! I would have been sitting at the candy desk during that one!
 I think they all need to lose their right to vote! I think it's funny that Austin TX citizens voted to rename their dump Fred Durst.
 Fred Durst, the singer? that's kind of weird. 
 haha that's kind of funny and I feel bad for that voter.
 Yeah. The black swallower fish seems legit. And also has a big stomach!
 10 times its weight is crazy! I weigh 245 and cannot imagine eating something that weighs 2450 pounds!
 I wonder how much ballet shoes are? That seems really expensive.
 True. That whole categorization didn't start until 2000 surprisingly.
 Yes I agree with you there. Interestingly every president with a beard has been a republican!
 Yeah Truman was a smart guy like you say. After the Voting Rights Act in 1965 the southern states became more reupublican.
 Haha the beard party yes. Interesting that the GOP used to endorse values of classical liberalism.
 Interesting. The presiding officer of the Senate is the Vice President!
 Wow so much power. The senate once used the same gavel for 165 years!
 That song got sooooo much airplay and some their best didn't.  This last book actually is actually from the remaining 3 members.
 No patience here either... The guitarist from Queen uses coins for pick. Maybe that would have helped...
 No, but I used to be a Queen listener.  I don't know much about Linkin Park but they have the best selling album of the 21st century call "Hybrid Theory." 
 Naming software is the same way... I'm surprised that Led Zeppelin helped fund Monty Python's "The Holy Grail"... Classic...
 It's been a while... I've seen it many times.  Funny, two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 in 1992!
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Did you know There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs have jazz-like harmonies.
 That's interesting. I guess there is a reason some jazz trumpeters have goatees. It provides comfort when playing.
 hmmm didn't know that. Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and scored several films, including million dollar baby
 And apparently we even need celebrities in our kids tv shows. Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear in Sesame Street.
 Some celebrities try to do noble things with their fame. Ethiopia has a tv chef that thinks he can combat the country's hunger
 Speaking of celebrities wanting to do things for greater causes, did you know that the Beatles song "come together" was written for a campaign?
 I did,  but I dont know which one. 
 Good to know! Ralph lawrence carr was the only governor to oppose the internment of japanese americans during ww2
 I know right. Texas elected their first female governor, the second in the nation, before some states even ratified the 19th amendment.
 Well, that is kind of encouraging. Did you know that in 1934 North Dakota seceded from the US because North Dakota's governor declared martial law?
 Interesting. When schwarzenegger was governor of california, he never lived in sacramento. instead he commuted 3 hours everyday... by private jet.
 Love it! How 'bout yourself?
 I could see that. Especially with a sax leaning on your chin all the time!
 wouldn't that be something to see! Have you ever met a celeb?
 Maybe Judge Judy?
 I wonder if Carol Burnett ever got to see it?
 Really? No, I didn't know about that. Did you know that Wreck-It-Ralph was took three decades to create?
 Really, no, I did not know that.  That is crazy.  I did know that Frozen was directed by a women.  It was the first animated Disney film to do so.
 I was glad to hear that.  Also, the toy industry gets involved very early with Disney movies.  Usually before the film even begins production.
 No, I did not here about that.  But I am a huge animal fan.  Did you know that dogs can have 1 of 12 different blood types?
 I heard that also.  That is great.  Dogs can see color, just not as many as humans can.  A lot of people think they are color blind but are not.
 did you know that a hockey player can lose up to eight pounds over the course of one game
 Ahah 100%, and that is weird yeah I would've thought it's just hockey by far. It's obviously much bigger in Canada than here though. I know the U.S. Olympic Women's team lost to a New England high school team once.
 ya Canada is really good, I guess one year at the Olympics they scored 132 goals and only let in 3!
 Wow, I wonder how they even chose that! Although it makes sense, dogs are intelligent, they can actually learn over 1000 words!
 wow that is wild, did you know that dogs have over 12 different blood types?
 Definitely more complex than humans all of a sudden. They can also be just like us though, some dogs have even learnt how to use the subway.
 ya they're so smart, also I always thought that dogs were colorblind, but they actually just can't see as many colors as a person can
 That's interesting, dogs are certainly more than we give credit to. Dogs even have eureka moments, just like we do!
 that is crazy! also, only dogs and elephants respond and understand pointing, no other animals do!
 wow I didn't know that I guess the movie Frozen was the first disney movie to be directed by a female
 That's surprising, you'd think a huge company would be more progressive. Maybe they value celebrity stars more, the original vultures in the jungle book were actually supposed to be voiced by the Beatles.
 wow that would have been cool! did you know that the lion king was dubbed into zulu for its release?
 They prepare to make toys before the movie has even began filming. I was wondering how toys came out so quickly to promote a movie. 
 It is very action oriented. It certainly moves quickly. Did you know that if they switch between a hockey rink and a basketball court that the hockey rink remains under the basketball court? I thought they completely swapped them out. 
 I agree, its a nice thing to watch, you know there was a player that was traded for $1 and then won four Stanely Cups! isnt that crazy! Someone definetely got fired over that decision
 Yeah, hockey sure is a hard game to play, you know that a player can lose 8 punds per game
 Yeah and they score more than 130, that is a humilliating loss for the other team
 I thought it was rather odd that he considered a chestnut tree as having feelings.
 "You could fit all the planets in between earth and the moon and still have room left over to spare." Now that's interesting!
 Good point!  What do you think about all of the helium going to be gone from the planet by the end of the century?
 Interesting.     Did you know the earth is quite a bit more dense than the sun!
 Something about radiation, but that may just be something I heard.
 Yeah it does... who would of thought a book about trees could be interesting?!
 Yeah so sad. Earth is always changing. By the end of this century it will be helium free!
 Oh I didn't know that. What is crazy is that a day used to be only 5.5 hours when the earth was first formed.
 WOW... could you imagine?  LOL
 Really... how is it possible to see and collect data from that far away?
 Yeah I would like to know that myself. There is even a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph! Sounds like a  warzone over there!
 OUCH!  The universe is really an amazing place!
 Yes it is. Uranus actually rotates sideways and rolls around the sun instead of spinning!
 Agreed. AI is also crushing all human records solving puzzles as well, which would be expected. Have a good weekend!
 I wouldn't have guess that either. She apparently has a 11.4 million followers on Twitter.
 Oh wow I have never heard of followers being used like that. Elton John chose Lady Gaga as his son's godmother. I didn't know they were close.
 Yeah I remember that from the movie Bohemian Rhapsody, did you see it? He also uses coins as guitar picks.
 Yes I recommend that movie as well. Wow that must be a lot. Eddie Van Halen set a studio speaker on fire once!
 She does have an amazing voice. I really felt like their chemistry was good for this film as well
 Oh I did! I am quite a fan of her actually I love her poker face song and her crazy artistic clothing
 She was also on MTV's show "boiling points" before she was famous, I think that is interesting. 
 No I have not yet but I am watching it next week with friends. How about you? It rose to fame tso quickly
 Yeah, I guess. Apparently she got her name Lady because of a text glitch, from radio.
 Nice. Even LAPD work with her asking her to tweet that there is road work upcoming because she has so many followers.
 Wow that is amazing. There is an ancient roman amphitheatre in crotia that can still be used for concerts. I wonder if theyhave played there.
 I do from time to time. I know some bands do a lot of concerts, like Linkin park did 324 in 2011 alone.
 I think the violin for me. Speaking of the guitar though, Eddie Van Halen set the speakers on fire when playing the guitar for 'beat it'
 I guess they have a lot less followers. Smart idea! She's come a long way since she was on boiling points.
 I forgot that show existed. I had no idea she was on that. I'm sure she's a bit embarrassed about that now. 
 Maybe, you know it's funny I love her music but she's not really what I'd consider typical to what I listen to. Then I find out her favorite band is Iron Maiden and it makes sense.
 I used to like it a lot but I don't enjoy the crowds quite as much anymore. I did hear that Linkin Park played 324 concerts in one year. That's insane!
 I'm glad I got to see Linkin Park so many times when I did, since you never know when it will be over. I'm sad I never got to see the Ramones though. Before my time. They played over 2000 shows!
 heloo,  how are you doing? Ugg boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean
 Yeah I know right! The nokia company originally got big by making rubber boots. in the 1800's. they still make rubber boots.
 Ive actually tried this with my snowboarding boots it works great! 
 thats a neat trick and I might have to try it! although I missed the part about dry my thought was wet and that it would make your shoes wet. lol did you know 500 year old shoes out perform todays shoes
 I wonder in what way?  I know they were custom before.  The phrase "pulling oneself up by their bootstraps" originally meant "doing something that is pretty much impossible".
 No clue,  right place right time.  Maybe he was in the background or something. Farmers used to walk turkeys from norfolk to london for the christmas markets. in the early 18th century, around 250,000 turkeys, many in little custom boots, would take the three-month walk.
 It must be to hide all of the UFO's! a man in france sold the eiffel tower...twice
 Thats unfair! 
 Good talking to you 
 But, to go as far as to buy things at a yard sale and try to return them, that's just taking it to a new level of exploitation.  A crook will always be a crook, for sure!
 How cool, I'll have to give that a try, I have a stinky pair of gym shoes!
 Rubber boots to be exact, and I think they still make them, too!
 That phrase got its start by meaning to do something that is pretty much impossible.  At this point, I think Nokia has lost the phone game!
 I am interested in some government things. I saw that Wikileaks published the government's plan to destroy Wikileaks. 
 I agree. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?
 Oh yea you might be right lol. In 2006, the US passed a bill that would protect the government employees from being charged for violating the geneva conventions.
 Haha yep. The Ugg boot was invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean. 
 I had no idea the difference between a button down and a button up. Who knew!
 There have been a total of 19 Republican presidents...the most of any party!
 Wow, I didn't know that. Yes, the Republicans dominated politics nationally between 1860 and 1932! 
 Yes a stark contrast to the Democrats. The two parties heritage goes back to Thomas Jefferson and James Madison's Democratic-Republican Party!
 Yes, and the Republican party as of 2018 was the primary party of power in the USA.  Interesting though that there has not been a non republican / non democrat since 1853.
 Yes I wish that wasn't the case. The more variety the better. 15% of the tea party movement identified as democrats!
 Yes they are. Gangnam Style got so many views that youtube had to upgrade the view integer to 64 bits!
 Wow, I remember when that was such a huge deal! Interesting that Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america. That is amazing!
 I love DIY videos too, so helpful. I never use the like/dislike feature. But a lot of people disliked Bieber's "baby" video.
 I heard that too, which seems strange that it was the most watched video for a long time back when it 1st came out. So many people getting wealthy by having a youtube channel and following....that's what I would like to do lol!
 That is crazy considering how tightly aligned they are now! There has not been a US President since 1953 that was not a Democrat or a Republican.
 I just can not believe that Google paid $1.65 billion for it!
 I can not even imagine its value. Police share law enforcement videos on their own YouTube called Blue Tube. 
 I did, but I never really got into the hype. I know it was really popular though.
 I am shocked. I would think they would just take the video down. 
 Do you like tennis ? The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days.
 pIng pong is fun. did you know that a A black man won the 1st us open tennis title in 1968 and no black man has won it since
 Wow. did you know that Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 I thought that had went away years ago. lol. I know Blockbuster is mad for not accepting several offers to buy netflix for $50 million
 Not that much. If they still used a Helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts like they did in the 1969 open I would watch.
 Haha that would be funny and kind of scary! The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days. That would bore me for sure.
 I remember that. It was a Jon Isner match in like wimbeldon. They had to stop due to the darkness and exhaustion.
 The Roger Federer of paddle tennis wasn't that great apparently because US Open quarterfinalist Gael Monfils beat him within days of learning how to play.
 Huh... No black man has won the us open since 1968 when arthur ashe won.
 Wow, wonder why. Federer has one 20 grand slam singles title, the most ever for a male player.
 Whoops, how ironic! I wonder if it slowed him down much? Since 2000 he and a couple of other players have accounted for 56 percent of men's grand slam titles.
 I do not think so. He was gifted 2 cows though. What does one do with cows?
 EAT THEM! No? That is odd though. And he has also been honored with an official stamp.
 I thought it was longer than that! Every us president with a beard has been a republican.
 I heard it was because it was the dumbo ride and so he wouldn't be associated with republicans
 The last time a republican was elected president without a nixon or bush on the ticket was 1928!
 The GOP presently hold "trifectas" (the executive branch and both chambers of the legislative branch) in a majority of states (26/50), and a "trifecta plus" (executive, legislative, and judicial branches) at the federal level, as five of the nine current Supreme Court justices were appointed by Republican presidents.
 I didn't realize that, no. 
 Yep you're right! People think that the polo was created by a polo player but it was actually created by a tennis player haha. How weird
 Haha I like how his nickname was the "crocodile" and now polos have crocodiles on them. That actually makes a lot of sense haha.
 Yep he's a genius haha. Another genius is the guy who used a helicopter to dry grass tennis courts back in 1969
 I do know Rodger Federer. He's actually really awesome at tennis. I can't believe that one guy beat him after learning how to play tennis only a couple days earlier. In fact that is astounding to me
 Wow I didn't know that. I guess he was also gifted two cows for winning some games. I can think of a lot better prizes personally haha
 Yep I like how they started off being worth 50 million when Blockbuster was going to buy them. And now Netflix is worth about two billion dollars. That is so insane. I bet Blockbuster is super mad about that. Do you know if they are out of business already?
 LOL you're right. I kind of miss them though. I like going to the store to pick out movies. But the fees is what actually started Netflix in the first place LOL. It was a copy of Apollo 13
 Five years ago, Nicholas Mahut lost the longest match in tennis history to John Isner.
 Roger and Rafael nadal competed in tennis on a special court which was half clay and half grass.
 Yea, it's crazy a single google search using more computing power than the apollo moon missions
 I've heard that, you figure they would just use lawn mowers unless they were broke after they started in 1998
 That is a really long game, they must have been exhausted and the fans bored out already. 
 I know! I also craped my pants when I watched it, I thought it was pretty good and Danny sold the part. How can you not know its a horror movie though.
 Thats a cute name, and I didnt know that, thats an interesting fact I heard that a town in Alaska has a cat as its mayor.
 I know, there are a lot of cool facts, like the cat that was in the opening scene in the godfather 1.
 I must have at least 5 google apps on my phone, did you know that google maps calculates traffic using android devices.
 Nadal is a great player too.  Crazy to think that 56% of grand slam titles have gone to him, Djokovic, or Federer since 2000.
 Yes, while bathing his daughters of all things.  Crazy!
 Really? I thought it was during a match, tough way of getting injured
 Yea, no kidding.  Tennis players are usually in such good shape too.  The longest match ever went on for 11 hours over the course of 3 days!
 First time hearing about it, if its true then its really amazing
 That is remarkable.  The sport used to be a lot more influential than it is today.  I recently learned polo shirts were originally invented specifically for tennis!
 Haha that's funny! If you watch a horror movie before you look at abstract art, you will enjoy the art more apparently.
 That's interesting. Did you know Danny from The Shining did not know he was acting in a horror film until several years later.
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Pretty interesting he didn't know. 
 I've always wondered if they tell young kids what kind of movie they're in while filming. Did you know that Stephen King was terrified when he saw "Bambi" as a child?
 Haha same here. A single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon.
 Wow that's amazing. Google maps will tailor its maps whenever there is a disputed border. 
 That's pretty neat. I wish I worked at their headquarters. Instead of hiring people to mow the lawns they once used hundred of live goats. I would have been playing with the goats all day. Haha
 That's cool. I can't have any animals with fur because my wife is allergic to them. 
 That would be kinda fun to do. The cat in Godfather part 1 was actually a stray. 
 That's cool. I wonder if it got a good home after the filming? There's a town in Alaska called Talkeetna that has had a cat named Stubbs as it's mayor since 1997.
 I don't feel as badly for him as I do for the three guys who created YouTube. Evidently, Google bought it for only 1.65 billion dollars over a decade ago. I feel like it's probably worth way more now!
 did you know the polo shirt was invented by a tennis player?
 I guess it was invented by Rene "the crocodile" Lacoste. Hence the name of the brand and crocodile shirt.
 Did you see that he tore a meniscus when he stretched too far while drawing a bath for his daughter? What a freak accident!
 I know! hey have 137 million subscribers worldwide! THat's crazy!
 I wondered that too! They do make up half of internet traffic along with youtube!
 What a dumb and inefficient way to make $40! That came back to bit them in the rear!
 Yeah! They were off by quite a bit. Like $2B!
 I do! did you know there are 20 quintillion animals on earth?
 Interesting! Did you know under provisions of the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act the lochness monster is a protected species? hahaha
 So weird. I would sue humans if I were an animal.
 That is funny. I also did not know that germany became the first country to universally give animals constitionally legal rights.
 Oh cool! Did you know that even though Clint Eastwood was featured on horses for many of his movies he actually had a mid-life allergy to them?
 No kidding! I had no idea humans could regenerate ribs.
 No, I did not. Did you know that almost all h=animals and plants can synthesize their own vitamin c but humans can't because their gene for this enzyme is defective.
 Holy cow! That's a lot. I have heard that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 Yes I think so. What do you think about the movie Big Hero 6? That was actually decent, it's not my favorite but it is impressive they used a 50,000 core computer to render it
 Did you ever see the movie Up by the way? Apparently it would take 9 million balloons to actually lift the house LOL that's insane
 Yes you as well, make sure to check your dog for a distinct dialect though, apparently depending on where animals are from they will sound different
 they are projecting the rights of animals by giving them constitutional rights
 Yea I'm just wondering what is in that which activates a fear in our human emotion. I wonder if we get that from animals??
 hi,  do you like animals?  did you know the loch ness monster is a protected species? 
 I did not know that. That will come in handy once we find one. Also,Germany was the first country in the world to universally give animals legal rights that were constitutionally guaranteed. This was in 2002.
 Sweet!  hmmm domesticated animals develop a white patch,  I wonder if that is only towards horses or all animals. 
 Maybe.  I know Orcas dorsal fin tends to flop over in captivity but it the wild the dorsal fin it straight up. 
 Interesting. There are so many things to learn about animals, especially knowing that there are 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 i wonder how many zeroes are in a quintillion lol That is a lot of animals!  i love the discovery channel I watch a lot of animal shows.   Did you know theres a breed of horse that has a fifth speed?  I guess it is called a tolt. 
 That is cool,  horses got places to go!  speed walking is helpful. 
 I can't imagine being allergic to horses. I would be devastated. Apparently Clint Eastwood developed an allergy to them although he has been on horseback in many of his movies.
 Yeah I know right,  hes in so many western movies,  I guess he had to take daily claritin for his allergies!  
 did you hear about the lipizzaner horses?  They are born a dark color and later turn white?  Thats amazing!
 That's totally weird. I had not heard about that. Horses are great runners, but apparently we are the best distance runners.
 Maybe because we train with the knowledge we have to run far.  Animals just run for fun or because they have to. 
 Well, that makes sense. We also cannot synthesize vitamin c like plants or animals.
 And drink lots of lemonade, yum. Haha.
 Yeah I feel very strongly about animals too. 
 I do like them cant believe there are 20 quintillion animals out there
 Did you know that hiccups are an early evolution from land animals.
 Did you know ribs grew back? That's crazy! How come other bones don't grow back? I broke my arm and that didn't grow back.
 Yes, it is. I read that there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 So true, my friend!  It has been estimated that there are over 7 million different animal species on Earth!
 I was. Disney has made some major moves lately but acquiring the much more adult properies of Marvel Studios was a bold move to me.
 Computers can be made of anything. Russians made a computer that ran on water and someone built a working 16bit computer using nothing but basic minecraft building blocks!
 That is scary.... human action will never truly be replaced!
 That's just weird... but the way computers are going, it will definitely happen.
 well computers keep getting better
 Did You know that humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago ?
 We are modern days animals ? how so... we just sit all day and look at the monitor :)
 Well at least from a name , ok, but we are logical, spiritual and very intelligent... I don't know if one can call us animals :)
 Interesting... but You can't really say they are smarter than us ;) we may be more evil, but we are still smarter :)
 what do You mean ? No other animal can understand math on level we can...
 Yes lol.  bambi  funny.  Far cry from what he writes today.
 Yeah... bambi was pretty scary though for a cartoon... so was Dumbo too!
 Was reading the section on animals.  There are about 20 quintillion of them.  What a number.  That's even higher then the national debt!!lol
 That's the first I've heard that number.  How about hiccups being a holdover when animals had both gills and lungs.  Weird.
 Gonna have to remember that one.  And maybe shave my dog's head to see if she has a white patch on her forehead!!
 Because they are a weird state and don't believe in owning anything that is alive
 OH..makes sense I guess. I always was a aware thatTeddy Roosevelt had a bear and hyena.  Didn't know he had over 20 pets though.  Now he was a weird one too
 That's true... and what the heck does one person do with that many pets?!?
 Let them chase the white house aides around!!  
 did you know Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw.
 Yes, it's crazy that watching calories can burn more than 180 calories
 Me too! Also Theodore roosevelt had a ton of pets like a bear and a hyena
 That is awesome! Never would have heard of that. In Germany in 2002 they became the first country to give animals constitunonal legal rights, crazy!
 in kind of wondering the same thing!  The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat lol so funny 
 that is funny, I can't believe there are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia! I've never met anyone that has a pet tiger
 i haven't either. that would be a bit scary!  Did you know There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth? 
 I'm not even sure that i know how many quintillion is to be honest.. I think its so crazy that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. I wonder how that even works??
 That is odd, im going to have to look that one up for sure. Also insane how there are more pets in japan than children under 15? I would assume there would be billions of children there. 
 It's rather strange, I must say.
 Definitely a dog person. According to Google's code of conduct they state they are a dog company.
 Well that's good to know! Also good to know that dogs are not actually colorblind, they only can see limited colors though oh, that makes me feel better
 Oh, that's great! Dogs are so smart. I know dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.
 It's definitely a movie more for adults, did you see that Ryan Reynolds actually does the voice of the mystery villain in that movie though? I will want to watch Deadpool 3 at some point
 Yes it's definitely going to Target adults, did you hear that James Cameron and David Fincher both were instrumental in getting the first Deadpool movie made
 I found it surprising that dogs have 12 different blood types. My dog has never donated blood.
 It is hard to believe that it is already the 11th installment in the series by 20th Century FOx
 On a different and much happier note than all that crazy political mess, do you realize the consistent use of the red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in 2000?  That's probably about the time it started to get real ugly in politics.
 Yes that is crazy but it has been ugly for a while - Harry Truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride because it might associate him with republicans!
 You know the voter turnout for a US presidential election hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years.  I'm going to be watching 2020, I think Trump can break that!
 Well, that's a Southern/ Texas thing, a beard and that is the base for the Republicans, so that makes perfect sense to me. But, I usually look at the taller candidate, they seem to win 75% of the time, so maybe the Dems should be looking for them a giant?
 Yes apparently it's being developed by Two PM Studios, it sounds really crazy it uses the look of videogames from the 80's
 Yeah I hear you on that haha. It's funny that initially video games were called "cathode ray tube Amusement devices"LOL that sucks all the fun out of them
 Have you ever visited South Korea? Apparently if you're under 16 it's illegal for you to play video games after midnight haha
 That sounds pretty cool. Did you ever play a video game based on Toy Story? Apparently Tom Hanks his brother, Jim Hanks, does all of the voices for Woody in the video games
 Yeah I agree with you. I also like the Jaws soundtrack, the Jaws theme is incredible! And Steven Spielberg even makes an appearance on the soundtrack because he plays the clarinet on it LOL
 That's a good question, have you ever seen the movie O Brother Where Art Thou? Apparently it's soundtrack was certified 8 times Platinum
 hey did you know the Senate used a gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it
 Hello - no I did not know that. Pretty cool. 
 ya he ruined it! there is a Candy desk in the senate apparently, sounds delicious!
 That does sound pretty good! Michael Jordan once responded that republicans buy shoes too so he didn't endorse the democratic candidate. 
 haha well I wish more people took his advice and kept out of politics, really weird that women couldnt wear pants in the senate until 1993
 haha yea I was just reading that. Said something about staging a protest wearing pantsuits. 
 ya it was Barbara Mikulski and Carl Moseley who did a protest by wearing pantsuits
 That's funny. Did you know there hasn't been a president who wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853?
 no that is kind of crazy, also crazy is that only republicans have beards apparently, no democrat presidents have had one
 Wow that's crazy I had no idea they never have had a beard as a democrat. 
 no I didn't either, also crazy is that the use of red and blue colors only started in 2000 for repubs and ems
 Interesting....I didn't know that either. The last republican was elected  president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928.
 wow, but I think that is outdated information because Trump is now president haha
 Yea I think so too lol. What are your thoughts on Trump?
 Eh I don't talk politics but I do think it's funny that Truman wouldn't get a picture taken with Dumbo because he didn't want to be associated with the republican party.
 haha yea that's funny! I try not to talk politics myself. 
 yup jost not worth it, did you know that in athens they used to choose elections by just the lottery?
 That's pretty crazy they used the lottery for elections. I saw that since 1900, the taller candidate has won the presidential election 75% of the time.
 ya so the democrats should maybe run a basketball player in 2020? haha, but ya its scary that in 2012 international election observers were blocked from 9 states
 Did you know the Senate still could choose the Vice President if the vote does not results in one candidate with a majority!
 I did not. I would like to use the obsure rule and arrest enators to vote. Seems like a good plan!
 Women were not allowed to wear pants until 1993. Sees sexist!
 That is true.  Maybe they did it right in ancient athens, where leaders were appointed by lottery.
 Well, every president with a beard was Republican, so who knows!
 Truman refused to go on the dumbo ride for fear of being pictured on a elephant...
 Just a little. I know Jordan was once asked why he wouldn't endorse black democratic candidate Gantt which Jordan said republicans buy shoes too.
 Me too. Haha that's hilarious he broke it!
 Possibly. Did you know Hillary Clinton was president of the young republicans in college?
 I wonder why she switched?Roosevelt created the bull moose party after being rejected by the GOP.
 Not sure on that. There is a republican vs democrat baseball game every year since 1909.
 Wow, that's cool but also, shouldn't they worry about the nation? I knew bull moose wouldn't work because every president has been a republic or democrat since 1853.
 I think so too. The only American president to propose a minimum income was Richard Nixon.
 Wow. Good trivia. Like every bearded president has been republican.
 That's interesting too. A dog beat two people in a mayoral election and server as mayor for 13 years.
 I would feel bad if I were those two! Red and blue were not used until 2000. Seems like that is really recent.
 That's very recent. I would have never guessed that.
 I wouldn't have guessed Truman to be insecure but he didn't want to go on the dumbo ride for fear of being associated with republicans.
 LOL I didn't know he was that insecure.
 Very cool. Tom Hanks brother voice must sound quite similar because he voices Woody in the video games!
 3 billion hours! That is so hard to believe but they are so much fun!
 No I only heard it in English! But yeah looks like it was in Italian, German, Spanish, and French! Very cool.
 Yeah I do know that. They negotiated the soundtrack over a pancake breakfast.
 How could they eat with those lol? Each of the track titles on the Batman begins soundtrack is the name of the genus or family of bat.
 oh its scary and its a classic, and I guess the director played the clarinet in the soundtrack
 theyre brothers that direct movies together, but anyway the soundtrack is good it was certified platinum 8 times
 ya he did, in like 5 different foreign languages too, that's impressive!
 I do actually, didn't they negotiate the tron contract over pancakes? Pretty awesome!
 oh I agree, also crazy is the batman begins soundtrack names its tracks after different types of bats
 ya I agree, its crazy though that we as a society play about 3 billion hours of videogames each week
 Mortal combat is why they started rating video games? That seems like a benign game though.
 South Koreans 16 & under cannot play video games past midnight. Seems agist!
 That seems odd but I guess if you add in things like facebook games, that makes sense.
 Really, Did you know since the 1900's in elections the taller person usually won 75% of the time!
 lol, Using the lottery to appoint leaders is scary like they did in ancient Athens! 
 True, They thought it would lead to oligarchy.
 I agree, I'm surprised its only republican presidents that have had beards!
 Yeah, there havent been that many at that either.
 Two, lol Its funny they have a candy desk at the senate filled with chocolate bars and jellybeans!
 lol, yes. I'm surprised it wasn't until 1993 that women could wear pants on the senate floor! 
 Too bad Richard Nixon cracked the senate gavel that was 165 years old. It must be in a museum somewhere now. Good chat!!
 If you're in Hawaii, the official business attire is the aloha shirt. That seems fun.
 In China gangs used to layer on as many shirts as possible. That seems, um, uncomfortable.
 It's interesting that polo shirts were invented for one specific tennis player.
 It's interesting that they got named polo shirts since polo players didn't adopt them until later.
 Oh wow, that's neat that it is a donation and not a mandatory cover.  I am sure a lot of people go there to drink and dance and listen to all kinds of music.
 Probably, the first moonwalk ever recorded was performed by tap dancer bill bailey in 1955!
 There has been some rough stuff said about him for sure.
 Money makes people crazy seems like. Enjoyed chat.  Can you click done?
 I wonder where those are?  I hope not to see those!  The fear of snakes certainly is hard-wired into not only monkey brains but my brain too!
 Could be! Did you know that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes and lizards?  I'm not sure how when they look so much like a lizard.
 Have you seen Disney's new Nutcracker movie?  I didn't get a chance.  But Tupac danced ballet in high school and played the mouse king in a production of nutcracker in high school.
 Yes, while most in American business are wearing dress shirts like suits and ties, Hawaiians can sport the aloha shirt.  How cool that is!
 I know a little about fish I think they are interesting. I know that black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight. I am very impressed with that fact. 
 That is pretty amazing!  I don't think I could eat that much,  but sometimes it feels like I do!  did you know there a breed of jelly fish and lobster that is immortal.  Of course its only immortal if no one kills it lol but it literally can live forever!
 I do not know,  I just seen it on Blue Planet on Netflix lol maybe their organs do not age after a certain poing lol 
 Yeah that is interesting!  Some fish look like they have necks though lol so they have necks and can carry a baby good for them. 
 That movie was so sad.  Did you know Pakistan has a jazz orchestra?
 Oh wow, I didn't know that!
 I like birds but I'm not an official birdwatcher.  I am a bit surprised to learn that the dodo bird is a real thing.  The are actually part of the pidgeon family. 
 So did I.  Did you know that hummingbirds are known to take spiderwebs to use on their nests?  Little thieves... 
 Yep, some bird therapy is in order.  FYI: I grew up on a ranch.  We had many horses but I didn't know one could be allergic to them.  Clint Eastwood is. 
 He is? thats weird considered he has done many movies that involved horses and him riding them,
 Yeah, an occupational hazard for sure... I didn't know that firefighters used dalmations to calm horses.  Most of our horses didn't really care for dogs. 
 Yeah, my dad used to ride horses to school in west Texas.  Man, horses go way back to 4000 BCE.  I wonder how they know that...
 I have a handful of songs on my phone.  Funny that Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist. 
 hey did you know that the dodo bird is actually closely related to the pigeon?
 no I haven't, have you? I didn't think they had video recording back then? I think we only have artistic renderings of the dodo
 what I didn't know was that birds bones are so hollow that the bones themselves as a whole weigh less than the feathers!
 that is true, I know that there are birds that can fly from Alaska to somewhere in Mexico and they don't sleep when they do it! that's a long flight I sleep when I fly from Michigan to Florida haha
 wow that is too bad, hopefully they don't go the way of the dodo, animals are crazy apparently Clint Eastwood was allergic to horses but rode them for a lot of his movies
 ya I wish I had a horse, I guess some students took horses to their school on "no cars" at school day and got suspended anyway haha
 I have not. Have you? Why just ok?
 Wow, It's amazing how smart birds are, they are also sensitive to the weather.
 Yeah, i remember that! With japan being so small it can cost you $300 to drive across it if you take the highway. Tolls are crazy expensive! 
 Whoa, thats crazy! I had no idea they were so close! Funny to think that China believes that Kim jong un is the sexiest man alive!
 hahah i would have thought he has someone else do that!
 He should be. I dont think hes made many friends outside North Korea. Have a good day! Bye
 I love traveling as well. The Dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph.
 I have no idea. All of Japan's highways are tolls so it cost roughly $300 to cross the country.
 Yes. The first king to travel around the world was from Hawaii.
 Some, I was shocked to read he is my age (a few months older) even though it is also said that they are unsure of his age.
 That's interesting. He's a very bad leader so hopefully Trump can talk some sense into him.
 I agree. He learned to drive at the age of 3.
 3!  I was tripping over my own feet at three! 
 LOL. He was also voted the most sexiest man alive by the onion.
 I heard China believes that too!  
 I have heard that as well. Pretty crazy they believe that.
 In fact, the word "robotics" was invented by a person named Isaac Asimov!
 Wow! talk about accuracy! The curiosity robot on mars sings happy birthday to itself. It must be very lonely.
 Haha. Did you know that Amazon holds a patent on one click buying?
 That is probably how much I walk in a week! Amazon actually loses money whenever they sell an e reader
 You never know, we'd probably be exploring space by then! Jeff Bezos also owns Blue Origin, a space company. It was actually founded before SpaceX was!
 Yeah it is surprising that the thing we buy are so advanced, would you like to work for NASA? 
 Yeah, there is so much to figure, like how to plan a test on Earth and interpreting the results for Mars. It thought that the 2 would be a lot different form each other. 
  Yeah it seems like that material is very high tech but easily accessible. Do you follow science news alot?
 One thing I found somewhat surprising was that 80% of our forests have been destroyed. I did not realize that it was that high.
 It's pretty unreal how fast technology has been advancing. It seems like the technology of today will be outdated within the next two or three years because they just keep finding new and faster ways of doing things.
 I know some facts. For instance you could fit all the plants in the solar system between the Earth and the Moon.!
 It's crazy to think how old the universe is and how little humans have been around in comparison!
 That's not too bad, I hope we get someone on there soon/
 It was fun talking to you as well, it's a bit sad that the plan to colonize Mars is being funded by reality TV and not our government.
 That is pretty cool. And Venus does not tilt hence it only has one season
 Wow! I honestly couldn't. We would never have time to accomplish anything! Ha! Can you also believe earth will be basically free of helium when the 21st century ends?
 No I didn't know that, I did like his songs when he first started singing as he got older, I got a little less Interesting.
 Did you know that Amazon ceo built a clock into the mountain that should run for 10,000 years?
 Wow, it's wonderful. But i don't know.
 Did you also know that the first Amazon.com first customer spent $27.95 got a building after him? that's something to think about.
 No way! I didn't see that! I love reading articles about that part of the world, though. Like, did you read about the missile alert in Hawaii?
 Indeed! I truly didn't think that 2018 would see a US President visit with the North Korean leader, or that  the North Korean leader would visit South Korea for the first time since the end of the Korean War. What a strange year.
 I wouldn't want people crashing on mine, or be comfortable crashing. It's weird that there aren't that many cars in Iceland. Or buses.
 that is fun! kind of sad that humans as a whole play games for 3 billion hours a week
 ah thats cool, I do like that game, did you ever play a toy story game? Tom Hanks brother does all the voices actually
 haha ya I agree, did you watch Sesame street as a kid? I never knew the first celebrity on the show was Carol Burnett
 indeed! did you hear about the planet that rains molten glass on it? Thats one place I dont want to visit haha
 ya I'm ok where I am haha, I would like to travel to venus, I guess it doesn't tilt and thus has no seasons
 that is crazy, also its crazy that its the only planet to rotate clockwise, like why is that haha
 haha well that is the planet that has potential life on it, I think Venus is much closer, but its all good!
 wow that is cool, and I always wondered why Pluto was excluded and I guess it was from the 2006 decision where scientists formally outlined the classifications of planets
 Do you believe that life exists outside of Earth? I'm on the fence, but I've heard that astronomers have some evidence of life 455 light-years away.
 I just love that movie. I love Pixar. Did you know that they have a secret room that is often visited by celebrities?
 Yeah, but being rich takes a load of stress off of your shoulders. For example, Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode!
 Not really... I hear it's illegal in S. Korea for kids 16 and under to play after midnight.  That rule works for me...
 Probably... I didn't know Tom Hanks had a brother that does his voice on video games and merchandise...
 I guess ya gotta help out your bro.  Video games were once called "cathode ray tube amusement devices" by the military... Yawn...
 I guess it's not for us mere mortals... Wow, Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode for doing what she would be doing off-camera. 
 Yeah I don't know. I think he just needed some time to get his bearings. I guess a lot of people think that his songs feel empty in this new release though
 Wow that's great! I also love Pink Floyd and I love Metallica, I know that my friend loves Linkin Park and they have a best selling album right now
 I think it's a great album! It's crazy that it went platinum without getting any AirPlay or without them doing a tour
 Yes I think it went platinum before the movie came out haha. Have you heard about the famous Japanese rappers though? They are twins and also 100 years old
 No.  I spent more time out hunting, fishing, roping, and riding.  But I do like to go hear the jazz / blues guitarists in New Orleans from time to time.  In my youth, Van Halen was one of my favs.  Did you know Eddie Van Halen recorded a guitar solo in which he set studio speakers on fire?  The song was "Beat It".  He sure beat up those speakers!!!!
 What I never figured out is the acts that smash guitars.  I guess because I am a bit of a tightwad and would never intentionally smash something that cost hundreds or thousands of dollars.  Matthew Bellamy with use holds the Guinness World Record for that!  
 Yeah I think that's a really dumb record, but I guess it's in the Guinness Book of World Records so oh well, what do you think about Queen's guitarist Brian made by the way? He has a PHD in astrophysics so he must be really smart
 I have heard some call his new tour empty, but that "many people enjoy empty fun."  Sounds poignant, but also a shot at society!
 Yes, people love the old stuff in general.  One of the best-selling albums of 2014 was Dark Side of the Moon.  Over 40 years after being initially released!
 Yes, it's a classic.  Pink Floyd is different.  They turned a houseboat into a floating recording studio on the river Thames.
 That is remarkable!  Sounds about as wild as the president of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while in office!
 Me too :(  Those were the good old days.  When Eddie Van Halen literally set fire to the speakers when recording "Beat It."
 Wow! I did not know that, very interesting.  I guess some people believed one of Mar's moons was artificial!
 Yeah I've definitely heard those before, and wow! That is exciting to hear. 
 I have played 20 years, The hindenburg blimp had a piano built for the lounge!
 That is very impressive, I'm sure you are quite talented.  And wow, whenever I think of blimps I think of the Indiana Jones movie.  
 There was a group of climbers that climbed Britain's tallest mountain and found a piano on top!
 That is the craziest fact I have heard so far.  I wonder why someone would do that. 
 I don't know but it is pretty cool! Pianos are very old instruments created in 1700!!
 I'm not the biggest fan of rap, admittedly, but I do like some of his work.  Neat that he was a ballet dancer.  Speaking of ballet dancers, I'm told they go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a WEEK.  Talk about being on your toes!
 They sure do! Michael Jackson had specially made shoes for some of his own dance moves.
 Wonder if that how he was able to do that "extreme lean" move he does.  (I'm told he owns a patent on the device, but dunno if the device is shoes or something else...)  Did you know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer?
 He won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha in 1958. my kids do the cha cha slide in Call of Duty.
 That is cute when they do that. I didn't know that moon dust is so sharp, it can cut through kevlar.
 Not just that, but they say it can give you "Moon Hay Fever".  Had no idea there was moon hay fever... that just sounds both scary and nutty... 
 That I can't tell ya.. it's just amazing all the stuff they've been able to discover just by telescopes and pictures.  Heck, they believe there's evidence of methane based life on Satan's moon, Titan.  That'd be pretty amazing if they can confirm it!
 That's a good question, dunno if making it out of aluminum would make it sound different or not.  Like with violins.  There's a noticeable difference in sound with them depending on the type of wood used...
 My guess?  Pranksters!  LOL.  I mean, seriously, who looks at a huge mountain, and says, "Hey, lets get a piano up there!"  
 That sounds very difficult. I've hiked the AT, and have left water behind, because it added too much weight. The BBC once decided there was nothing worth reporting, so they broadcast piano music instead.
 Well another actress who won dancing was Emilia Clarke.  She did the funky chicken dance and robot dance during her audition to Game of Thrones.  
 Another dance who took his job seriously was tap dancer Bill Bailey he was the first to do the moon walk ever recorded.  This whole time I thought Michael Jackson was the first.  
 Sure thing
 You should youtube Ricky Gervais too, he was a pop singer in the 80s
 Yeah I saw the one about facebook which I thought was good. He is a good actor but I think he should stick to pop music. Ricky Gervais was a pop singer oddly enough.
 Haha occasionally yes but not well. I just watched the movie about queen. The guitarist, Brian May, has a phd in astrophysics.
 Yeah I agree. Van Halen was also one of my favorites. He actually set the speakers on fire when he recorded beat it.
 It's interesting that "We are the Champions" is considered a pop song. That doesn't seem right.
 Mars' mon Phobos is one third hollow, that's crazy
 Yea that is pretty crazy, so is Bruce Lee winning the cha-cha championship in 1958
 That's so amazing! Even Tupac danced ballet in high school. Would have never known that. 
 I certainly didn't.  I like that they are heavily into solar energy.
 I didn't know about solar roof tiles. I thought solar was just for the cars.
 It is gaining in trust and popularity.  I had no idea that Richard Nixon had a hand in creating it.
 Interesting!
 I didn't know that.  I do know that parrots do have the ability to dance in time to music.
 Wow, he was really a person of diverse talents.  I heard there was this one episode of Mr. Rogers where he learned to breakdance.  Id like to see that one.  It seems as out of place as Tupac and ballet
 I dont even go though that in a period of months, in terms of sneakers that is. That must get expensive
 Supposedly Toyota owns 10% of tesla, that might be as close as I ever get.  
 That is pretty cool.  I like when groups think outside the box, it is that kind of innovation that we need.  Teslas are supposedly so safe they broke the safety testing equipment
 Yeah he's very entertaining and interviews I think. It is crazy to me though that the Tesla Model S is so safe that somehow it broke the safety testing equipment, I don't know how that's possible LOL
 Really, I agree, How does that happen? Saw where he took a  $78 million pay cut in 2014.
 Yeah that is impressive. It's also impressive that Tesla releases their patents in order to encourage competition, I definitely would not do that if I owned the company haha
 Most people wouldn't, wonder why? To help the environment? Who knows he probably got something else better lined up!
 Yeah I agree. It's crazy though that they named themselves after Nikola Tesla, but they're not the only company that was named after him! There is another car company called just Nicola apparently
 About the only one I watch these days! I didn't know Richard Nixon was one of the creators! 
 Yeah I didn't know that either! I also didn't know that they were going to sue The Simpsons because they kept parodying them, I thought that fox owns The Simpsons?
 I did too! Didn't know they were going to create a cable channel  just for The Simpsons! Do you watch that show?
 I liked to watch The Simpsons yes, back to fox news though it's interesting that their median viewer age is 68, that seems old
 Yes I think you're right. It's also interesting that Fox News has only 55% of its time dedicated to opinion pieces while on MSNBC at 85% of the time, they definitely have a better percentage on Fox News in my opinion
 Yes I agree with you! I also think it's funny that the girl from Game of Thrones did the robot dance and also the Funky Chicken during her audition LOL I wish I could see that tape
 Yes I think so. I'm also shocked that he has a patent on that device. It's crazy though that the moonwalk was first performed in1955 so it's actually an old dance move
 I guess they didn't want people to gain to much knowledge and perspective.
 Did you know that Ender's Game was suggested reading material for the Marines?
 It probably would, Starship Troopers is another one that's on the list for 3 of the 5 US Military Branches. 
 I've actually never seen the movie nor read the book, and I was in the military. haha
 I never knew that, I only thought it was dolphins that did that. That is an interesting behavior for a predator.
 Yeah I kind of have a hard time believing it as well. I like watching some of the crazy movies they have made about sharks like The Meg or Sharknado as well.
 I did not know that. That's another shark fact that I have some skepticism about!
 That one I can believe, they have been around is some form for a long time. The Megaladon was a huge ancient shark. They think the Great White caused it's extinction because they were smaller and able to get to prey better.
 I did not know that. I do know that the dogs and cats than vets keep as office animals are often used for emergency blood donation.
 I do. They are so unique. It's cool that saltwater fish drink through their moths.
 That is incredible! The only fish without a neck is a seahorse.
 I bet you're right. Freshwater fish drink through their skin via osmosis.
 I never thought about that! Did you know 84% of genes known to be associated with human disease have counterparts in the zebrafish?
 Bye!
 I guess fish is not actually a formal taxonomic group. There are so many types of fish. Did you know there is a type of jellyfish that is immortal?
 I did not before now. I find it interesting also that freshwater fish only drink water through their skin via osmosis, while saltwater fish drink through their mouth. Its odd that they are different.
 I guess it expands a lot! I don't like eating fish. I think they are kind of gross. I do like aquariums, though.
 Society loves our celebrities! So much that we have apparently needed to see them on Sesame Street. Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear.
 That's very funny that we have come to associate cowboy hats with anything western.
 Yeah, I don't know much either except for what I hear from TV. Going back to hats, I find it funny that until 1998 British politicians had to wear a top hat if they were making a point of order in the house of commons.
 Dunce caps are another funny one. They represented foolish behavior.
 I thought it would have been so much more than 2.5 hours!
 I would have thought so too. And he was only paid $7.500!
 Man. I know that was in 1977 but that's not a lot of money. I realize $7500 for 2.5 hours of work is good but, man that's really shocking. Like Marcia being the brains behind it!
 I did not know that. That is cool. That makes it the first one!
 They really underestimated that one... They let hm keep the merchandising too!
 Yes they did. It worked out for Lucas. He gave up $500,000 in order to keep the merchandising rights. He's a billionaire just because of that!
 Man... Did you know spielberg played clarinet on the jaws soundtrack? Did they run out of money for musicians?
 Wow. I would have never thought that... I didn't even see that movie. Batman begins features tracks of different genus of bats.
 I do. They toured almost nonstop for 20 years and performed 2,263 concerts!
 I just can't believe they haven't gone under after making such bad decisions. Especially knowing these franchises are loved by basically everyone it seems. 
 Yes, defintely they are rich, at least the people who own Fox. Also the people in the movie too, since James Earl Jones earned $7500 for 2.5 hours worth of recordings
 I don't know. I wonder if at least they rest somewhere along the way.  That was an interesting fact.
 Apparently, in most birds, bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
 That's interesting.  I did not know that there were two types of birds that had no wing.  They are extinct though.
 No, I'm not familiar but I bet he's really talented to leave Harvard Law. Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to do comedy too!
 I cannot bring myself to watch them really. I might when I need to go on a diet though, as you burn more calories
 it is an instrument they use to make sounds in horror movies
 I had heard about it when I read that they drop hard shelled foods in the pavement where cars pass by so they can crack them with tires
 I did not know that the sun is actually white, did you?
 It's crazy that the sun is 99.86% the total mass of the solar system yet so small compared to other stars
 Yea, it's insane that there are 1 million species of insects
 I like reading Edgar Allen Poe but haven't heard of stories involving cyborgs
 Me too. I saw that the sun is actually really white.
 Yes you're correct but it only appears yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
 Very cool. Did you know a lightening bolt is actually 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun?
 I hope I never get struck by one! Surprisingly the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy.
 Me either lol. That's pretty small then in comparison to the other stars. I would have never imagined that.
 Yes me too. The sun is definitely the most important source of energy for life on earth. It accounts for about 99.86% of the total mass of the solar system.
 Definitely. It produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of our planet for 500,000 years which is amazing.
 That is so cool. It makes sense though since the mass of the sun is about 330,000 times that of earth.
 That's a lot of species. I saw there are 20 quintillion animals on Earth.
 That is amazing and I can't even fathom that much. The study of animals is called zoology and they must be busy with all those animals!
 For sure. Animals get white patches on their heads when they are domesticated.
 Definitely. That's interesting about hiccups. That would have been so cool to have lungs and gills.
 That would be awesome to breathe underwater. That's hilarious for something that might not even exist. 
 Great. Are you into baseball?  Funny that MLB managers wear uniforms since they can actually play in the game.
 Maybe many years ago...  Baseball is really popular in Japan to the point that Japanese fans are surprised to learn that it's the US's national pastime. 
 Wow, that's great.  Have you seen a kickball game in Canada?  I guess they call it soccer-baseball.
 Yeah.  Do you play golf? Babe Ruth was once the USA's most famous golfer.
 When it's warm.  You're English is good. Are you a native Czech?  Golf courses use a lot of water.  An average course uses 312,000 gallons of water a day! (many liters)
 I can believe that.  Speaking of Babe Ruth, he was caught stealing to end game 7 in the 1926 World Series.  His team was down one run.  Sad for the Bambino...
 Yeah, he gets to play 2 times a week.  No surprise, the women's World Cup got more TV viewers than the US World Series. 
 You did, wow long night tonight! I did'nt know that!
 Did you know about the MLB controversy over the composition of the ball.  I guess since it was changed, there have been a lot more homeruns.
 I hear some things about players thinking that the ball was rigged, but anyway its been nice talking to you, sorry for that brain lapse!
 No I didn't but that sounds really cool. I'd have to check that book out haha. What do you think about Julius Caesar writing fanfiction for Hercules by the way
 I really like history, that is so interesting. Well I suppose George RR Martin would disagree, he despises fan fiction.
 Yes I thought that was crazy, Scotland passed a animal protection act back in 1912 in order to protect the Loch Ness monster LOL I hope it's real by the way
 Wow I didn't know that. I wonder what kind of Rights those include? Do you know? I also wonder why animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated
 I didn't know that, that is strange. Did you know that Hiccups are a holdover in early evolution when animals had both lungs and gills. So bizarre. 
 A pet tiger would be awesome! Do you know anything about the Sun by the way? Apparently it's actually white and not yellow
 Yes that is because of the atmospheric scattering. The sun produces enough energy in one second for the entire earth for 500,000 years! 
 Wow that's crazy! We should try to harvest that, but it makes sense because the sun is 100 times the diameter of Earth actually
 The sun is only 1 billionth the size of the largest star that we have discovered in our galaxy
 That makes the Sun seem really small LOL what do you think about the fact that it takes Neptune almost an entire Century to rotate around the sun
 Wow that is a long time. The Sun is 109 times larger than the Earth and accounts for almost 100% of the solar systems mass.
 That was funny.  Another funny fact:  The Albuquerque minor league baseball team was named after the baseball team in the Simpsons!
 It is.  I like it too.  Apparently, the World Series was started in 1903.  I did not know that.
 I did not know that.  I learn a lot while chatting with people.  I read an article that the women's world cup had higher television ratings than the world series in the US.  That was strange.
 Hi Turker, did you know with 50 state in the union there are 100 US Senators?
 Yep I did know that. each state gets two senators actually. So you're right about that. I think it's interesting that the Senators used to be elected by the states, but obviously now they are elected by the people
 No, I didn't know that. Did you know women weren't allowed to wear pants on the us senate floor until 1993, wow.
 wow I didn't either, don't you know fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined?
 No I didn't know that. I wonder why that is? It's also scary that Fox News tried to sue The Simpsons when they were making fun of them too much.
 You are right unless fox didn't own the simpsons until after the lawsuit, I really don't know how that work.
 Ha Ha.  He would have been the person to crack it.  I heard that women weren't allowed to wear pants until 1993.
 That's so crazy, it took so long for that to happen.
 Yeah, they look for collar gaps on your clothes, I think.
 Yeah, they say they make their clothes in China, but actually they're made in North Korea.
 I know the song but did not know who the band was behind it. I like that song as well.
 No I have never heard of them either. I do own a Fender however.
 Have you ever listened to WhiteSnake?  I like some of their music, but the band does not have much stability.  They have had more that 50 members, so its hard to know who played which song, unless you refer to their Wikipedia page!
 I have listened to a song or two of theirs, I did not know they had that many members. That is a lot of turnover!
 No, is that true? that's pretty amazing but not completely surprising
 very true, people often dont get their pay for poems, Poe only got $9 for the Raven
 I mean its amazing how computers can be made of anything from basic minecraft building blocks to running on water
 Wow that is an amazing way to think of things. What do you do online?
 Yes!  The cats, the videos, the cat videos to pass the time away!  I sometimes get lost on Reddit looking at Memes and some of them also include cats...
 I would love to see the metrics on that stat about cats v. dogs - my main question revolves around the fact that if cats could talk, they would dispute being a pet and think that the human is their pet!
 Hmm maybe we are on to something? I see why cats were initially valued to control pests in some cultures and gods in others, but man they can laze about as much as they want. A cat that is 15 years old has spent 10 years sleeping! 
 That sleeping metric is something I can get behind!  If we were the pets, I suppose I would be sleeping a lot more!
 Ha!  Now we're going back to who rules the roost - Although, the cat can't possibly be worst than a human politician in that position
 Did you ever hear of Nokie Edwards of the Ventures?  He helped create hits in the 60's?
 Looks like he did surf-rock standard
 Who comes up with that fact?  Do you enjoy Van Halen?  He recorded the guitar solo for "beat it!"
 I know that game is very popular.  Pink Floyd guitarist made a houseboat on the river thames into a recording studio.  I'd like to be on that boat
 Queen's guitarist must have been brilliant with a phd in astrophysics.  
 I guess he really is a genius and creative too.  Did you ever "the dark side of the moon?"  It's been a best seller for 40 years.
 I don't know.  Maybe.  If you want to hear something interesting then you can listen to two 100 year old twin rappers from Japan.
 I didn't know that. Who created their rock song?
 Matt Bellamy holds the guinness record for most guitars smashed.  I would have rather seen them go to charity though.
 That would make it hard to find wouldn't it?   Do you know the band Linkin park?  They had the best selling album in the 21st century.
 Whitesnake gave some opportunities to people with over 50 members in their band throughout history.  Better odds for someone to be in their band.
 Ah, Arkansas, home of Walmart, the prior most valuable retailer in the United States until surpassed by Amazon in 2015!
 I can see that. Walmart is the largest employer in the United States. That's quite a lot of power!
 Well, Amazon is gunning for them in all aspects, that's for sure. Who would have guessed that a simple online bookstore would diversify so much. They sell and stream everything now!
 Yeah. I've heard Amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift! 
 In Japan and Taiwan they even have cat cafes, where people pay hourly to have drinks and play with cats! 
 I had no idea states had official rock songs, but "Do You Realize" is great. The lead singer is great with the guitar. Do you know how to play the guitar or any instruments?
 Yes very cool. Did you know the state rock song of Oklahoma is do you realize by the flaming lips? I didn't even know states had rock songs.
 I never knew states had rock songs either! I wonder if every state has one?
 Good question I'm not sure. Sonic the hedgehog was originally supposed to be a member of a rock band and have a blond haired human girlfriend named Madonna.
 I used to play the sonic video games and I never knew that!
 I am shocked that they have the best selling album. 
 Yes me too. I think it is also shocking that the dark side of the Moon is one of the best selling albums of 2014.
 And it was released over 40 years ago!
 Yes that is incredible. Another funny stat is that two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.
 Me too! The first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or major tour was NWA's straight out of Compton.
 Yes they're pretty good. They rerecorded all their hits from best of album after losing their rights to their old record label...that's kind of funny. Well it was great chatting with you today.
 Yes, I guess, he was himself a genius in the music. It was so nice to chat with you, I am giving you an excellent.
 I think it's awesome that he won't get a tattoo, because he couldn't give blood. Thats impressive.
 yes that's what I'm thinking happened, also I didn't know that the super bowl is smaller than the third biggest event in soccer!
 Yeah. It's the world's game. The money is more than all 4 major sports in the us, combined!
 that is crazy! what is weird is that greenland can't join FIFA because there isn't enough grass there for a soccer field!
 Hello, did you know that the sun is only 1,000,000,000th the size of the biggest star?
 I'm not surprised. Hollywood doesn't have enough female directors or cinematographers. Things need to change. One guy has been nominated 13 times and never won!
 Wow, that is a lot of knowledge for the future of cinematography.
 I am surprised Nike has not dropped him though.
 I think I would, I just to like it and maybe my kids would too, I would want them to play sports thats for sure, you know Lincoln was a wresler, he is on the hall of hame even
 Well to be honest, I'd definitely watch basketball over wrestling. I love the fast pace. And I just learned that there's even a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court building. How cool is that!?
 Same here, I have run one marathon and never plan to again, I couldnt imagine being an ultra runner
 I dont think they every released an official cause of death, but yes, somone who could run 3 marathons a day for 10 days straight certainly must have been in tip top shape.
 Maybe the problem is that shoes in modern times aren't the same quality they used to be. I've heard that shoes from 5,000 years ago actually perform better than what you buy at the store now
 That is surprising seeing as some shoes now that are considered to have complex construction and made with expensive material can cost hundreds or even thousands of dollars.
 If it works, it's a cheap solution, though not as cheap as the shoes Stephon Marbury promoted, but wasn't paid to endorse. Maybe it's because they sold for only $15
 No, I was reading about Donald Ritchie though. He passed away at 73. I guess he was a gifted runner.
 Yeah, it seemed like it.  I had never heard of ultrarunning before.  Hard to imagine running that far!
 Amen! This guy ran for 100 miles around London's crystall place. He would be able to go anywhere just by running there!
 That is so nuts.  He did it all with under 7 minute miles, too.  That is impressive!
 And he did 844 miles in 10 days! Wow!
 I like how he said "you must be a little crazy" when explaining ultrarunning lol  
 Yeah, that's a dealbreaker for sure lol just imagine the smell!
 Terrible! I guess quite a few people thought he ran in his kilt! 
 Right.  He did wear it hoping to get a lift from Scotland to Finland lol
 It is surprising.  You'd think he would be in great shape.  I wonder if the running was too much and caused his heart to be unders stress to often. 
 Good morning!! I learned a little interesting trivia... Denis Cyplenkov has the biggest and most dense muscles in the whole world!! He's an arm wresting champion... go figure!!
 Yep I agree, a lot of times they don't have any proof so you don't know who to believe either. He was nominated for five Oscars, it would be a shame if this tarnished his legacy
 I used to play video games in the original Nintendo era. Now I just watch Netflix.
 I know, i thought it was awesome. Suprising that it did not get discontinued till 2013.
 Yep it was definitely very popular! Kind of like how chickens were very popular in Britain, that use them for entertainment back in the time of 50 BC
 That's a really interesting way to get started with a career! So was Ronald Reagan, he was told he didn't look presidential but obviously we know how that turned out LOL
 I don't think I did. Will have to check that out. Samuel I Jackson was mentored by Morgan Freeman.
 Interesting, and I guess that was not by choice as he hurt his left hand in a car crash. Wonder if he is any good.
 I did not see that either. It is probably good, most of his stuff is. He has been nominated for and won more awards than the number of movies he has been in.
 It is very impressive! I don't think he has as many wins as Daniel Day-Lewis does though, he won best actor three times
 Speaking of oscars, the oscars were nominated for nine emmys in 2013. 
 That is so true!  PBS and Do you remember the National Geographic magazines showing the natives of other countries topless?
 I didn't know that, about George Harrison. Did you know that the highest paid tv celebrity is Judge Judy? She gets 123,000 per episode! I should have been a judge....lol
 I stopped watching regular TV.  I only stream things recorded on my iPhone. No cable, no networks, no Dish. Save's a lot of money. Don't have a lot like Lebron who is the second highest paid after Judy.
 Oh ya, I remember youtube sending me a message, that they have streaming tv now for cheap. I loved Robin Williams, I didn't know he was the first.
 Oh, that's a smart idea. I like that. Yes I have the Prime service also, such a great thing and I love the 2 day free shipping, you can't beat it. I buy everything that way now.
 I  bet they do have Jaws on Prime, wow Steven Spielberg plays Clarinet like me! The 2 hour shipping is a fantastic option also.
 lol yeah, and Spykids has a 93%.  Which is crazy. My kid loves that movie, but I just find it annoying. 
 But today, all people have voting rights. It is the power of the people. Ordinary people can change the government.
 In 2012 US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in nine states . It is very shameful to us. Real democracy is a transparent form of government. 
 It very crazy. Astrology can't work in guessing the election result.
 Yeah. Vice nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
 I think one of my favorites has to be Super Smash Brothers.  It is such a fun game and it is great to play at parties
 That is awesome.  Now that sounds like something you would see in a Mario Game
 I think it's amazing Blockbuster could have bought them 
 It's also hilarious that they take up 33% of the bandwidth in NA during the evening.
 It's even funnier that it all started with a $40.00 late fee on Apollo 13.
 So basically it's late fees on Apollo 13 that we have to blame for Adam Sandler's Netflix special.
 Did you know there are no snakes in New Zealand?  I wouldn't miss them too much.
 hey did you know that astronauts can vote when they are in outer space?
 haha good question! also crazy is that not all men could vote in the United Kingdom until 1918
 That is crazy!  Did you know that a dog beat two people in a mayoral election and served as mayor for 13 years?
 I'm not too familiar with Fred Durst, but he must be really disliked if they named a garbage dump after him, lol.  In relation to the dog being elected mayor, a cat named Hank placed third in a Virginia senate election.
 ya hes a famous musician that most people don't like haha, do you know that republicans and democrat parties have only existed since about 1853?
 That's weird, I didn't know that.  I honestly wish we'd get rid of the parties.  There's lots of weird statistics in elections.  Since 1980, the faster blinker in presidential debates has lost every time.
 wow that is weird, also I know that the taller president wins about 75% of the time
 I can understand that... I think when most people think of an ideal leader, the physical characteristics usually consist of being tall.  I can't explain it, but it's pretty typical to want a taller person than a short one to be a leader.  Another fun animal fact:  a chimp received 400,000 votes in a mayor election, but came in 3rd
 haha wow, well it is sad that voter turnout in the usa only gets to be about 63% at best
 right taht is a good point, and yes I voted, what is scary in the 2012 election is that international observers were blocked from attending teh polls in 9 states
 yes I agree with that, what I never realized too is taht every president who sported a beard has been a republican haha
 haha that would be interesting, also interesting is if they used different colors for republicans and democrats, red and blue only came into fashion in the year 2000
 That's weird, I figured red and blue had been around much longer than that.  As loved as JFK is, he actually voted against the Civil Rights Act in 1957.  Twitter would roast him if he were alive today.
 ya we can do that, did you hear that a chimp literally got like 400k votes back in 1988 for mayor?
 well it was for Rio De Janeiro, but unfortuantely or fortunately he came in 3rd place haha
 haha good point, did you know that canada would only ahve 50 electoral votes if we took it over and made it a state?
 ya that is a good question, did you like JFK? I guess in 1957 he voted against the civil rights act
 that is a good quesiton, did you know that Hillary was a Republican back when she was in college?
 thats a good question, did you know that Republicans and Dems do an annual baseball game? And republicans are up by 3 wins overall?
 no that is wild, also wild is that a us senator was arrested for civil disobedience, he was a repub. who was protesting apartheid
 yup I agree, also progressive was apparently Richard NIxon, he wanted to pass a guaranteed minium income bill
 ya I could see that, thats a valid argument, kind of crazy too that Ayn Rand who is a symbol for the tea party, was on social security and also medicare
 Yes, I was a little old for the Nintendo games but my kids were into the Pokemon cards and the Nintendo DS.
 I think they found their niche! I could not imagine them doing legos or playing cards.
 Yeah, that would be great. Did you know they owned the mariners? I had no clue!
 Yeah, I have those articles. I think it's interesting that before 1963, students in the US read the Bible as part of the primary education.
 He has read the Bible. He said one time when he was feeling spiritually lost, someone handed him a Bible. The page he opened to was one about worry, and he was feeling worried. So he believes that scripture can speak to you.
 I know the scriptures can speak to you! I'd rather talk about star trek and how martin luther king Jr convinced the acotr to continue to play uhuru
 I used to love Star Trek. I find it interesting that teleportation was only used because their budget couldn't afford having spaceships land on planets.
 see... again ingenuity.... LOVE IT!!!  How about the flipphone and now the apple watch... they were definitely ahead of their time!
 It's amazing that the flip phone was inspired by Star Trek
 Prior to 1963, students in the us read the bible as part of their education. I do not think that would fly today.
 If you do not believe, make your own truth! Seems like a logical thing to do...
 She has no financial incentive to. She makes $123,000 per episode!
 True, Yes, I have and believe in God!! Its interesting that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the Bible!
 Really that's interesting!! Scary place now! lol the Star trek door sound is just a piece of paper being removed from an envelope.
 Oh wow, I bet that color TV blew your mind? Or was it black and white still? I'm not sure when TV came out in color, hopefully no offense lol. 
 No thats funny. It came out color in the 50's, Star trek was in the 60 and 70's.  Captain Kurt and Spock were pretty cool! lol I see Uhuru the actor was convinced by Martin Luther King to stay on the show! lol
 I heard alot!! I think shes the highest paid only after Lebron James!!
 For sure, $123,000 an episode, I'd be happy with just doing one episode. I wonder how she rose to fame like that. 
 I like some soundtracks but only whe they are catchy songs. Alicia Keys was on the Men in Black soundtrack and wrote her own song for it, at age 16
 Nice, Alicia Keys is real talented. I never knew Spielberg actually played the clarinet on the jaws soundtrack
 Have you played Sonic 3? Michael Jackson helped on that soundtrack.
 I have not. Seems like I shoudl check it out! People need to be careful not to put plot spoilers in soundtracks. There were big plot spoilers in Phanton Menace from the soundtrack weeks before the movie was released.
 How about rebellious soundtracks? Race Against The Machine's contribution in the Godzilla soundtrack actually criticized the film itself
 Yeah she was the youngest person to single handedly write and perform a number one on the Hot Country Songs chart. She has a lot of talent.
 It's crazy that she moved to Nashvill at age 14 to pursue a career in country music.
 She became so successful, she's able to top itunes just by accidentally releasing 8 seconds of white noise
 That is hilarious. I remember her debut album. I think it was adorable. It spent most weekson the chart in the 2000s. I think it's interesting how she has evolved from being a country singer to mostly a pop singer.
 Yea, It's unfortunate Swift removed all her music from Spotify though
 Do you like Steven Spielberg?  Did you know he played the clarinet on the soundtrack for Jaws?
 That's pretty neat! I didn't know that. 
 Wow. That's cool! The soundtrack for O brother, where art thou went platinum 8 times!
 Wow! Pretty cool. I didn't realize she was from Pennsylvania.
 She doesn't like her photo taken either and walks backwards to avoid having it taken.
 That's kind of bizarre. She was the youngest artist to win Album of the Year at the Grammy's 
 Do you like reading?  If you were in the 18th century and liked it, you may have been confronted with your parents scolding you due to "moral panic."
 Haha. Too funny! There is a lady that can read 4700 words a minute!
 That must have been funny! Did you read Enders Game? 
 I heard that too. No, I haven't. Starship Troopers is on the military reading list, too. 
 Did you hear of Daft Punk?  They negotiated their Tron legacy soundtrack over a pancake breakfast wearing their trademark robot helmets.
 I've heard of them but never listened. That's pretty funny!
 Aloha shirts? I've never wore one before. They're just so flashy.
 oh I dont think I ever watched it,  any good?
 Hi there!
 It was absolutely crazy here last week. Never seen it that cold before. Thankfully most people stayed indoors that day / called in sick.
 Maybe.  Didn't think of that.  Only $130.  paid for exclusives to superman in 1938.
 Haha. Maybe! Did you know that an individual horse has a peak horsepower of 14.9 horsepower.
 Yes, and its #6 ranked worldwide. I'll have to get back on. Have a good night! Nice chatting!
 I do have an instagram account, no facebook. I can't believe MYspace turned down an offer to buy facebook in 2005.
 Did you know that Kristen Stewart co authored a paper regarding AI?
 I am not sure, although I never did think that an actress would decide to write a non fiction piece.
 Speaking of  google plus hangouts, Stanford's free AI class uses it to  help teach!
 Oh wow, did you see the 2048 game the AI played, scored almost 1 million points.
 Wow! That is a lot of points. Now, AlphaGo, an AI, has managed to beat the worlds best GO player!
 Crazy. Did you know there are zero snakes in New Zealand?
 That is very odd.  Crocodiles are also slightly related to birds!
 I bet, they are probably both like dinosaurs right?
 Probably, they are closer related to birds than snakes are to lizards.
 I could definitely see that, those legless lizards that are lizards without limbs but still not snakes, those are weird.
 There are also a genus of flying snakes that launch themselves at prey.
 I use Facebook also. It's really lasted, unlike Myspace. That's why it's so crazy that Myspace chose to NOT buy Facebook in '05 for $75 million.
 There's a huge tech boom in California, so that makes sense. What's even more curious is that a German state banned the like button. How do they enforce that?!
 haaha I dont know, I was thinking in that, and it sounds kinda stupid, isnt it?  I didnt know that you have to be at least 13 years old to be able to be a registered user.
 yes, that is right and dangerous. I was  astonished that Iceland is rewriting their constitution via facebook, that is cool, because everybody can contribute to change the law and update it.
 Yes but then even 13 year olds can make contributions! But I guess as long as the changes/suggestions make sense, who cares how old the person is who made the suggestion?
 didnt know GW had them put back
 I can't recall, but he raps at a rate of 14.1 Syllables per second!
 Oooh!! Tell me more! Did you know McDonald's was paying rappers $5 for ever mention of Big Macs in their songs? 
 Yeah, that Kanye is something! He hugged the president on his visit. I didn't know you could hug the president! I wonder too if the $5 was everytime the song played or just when the song came out. 
 Thats crazy! Do you know why Canada has him on the coin? 
 No, I sure don't, but the coin is silver and is legal tender. Neil Degrasse once appeared in one of the comics 
 But wait! There is more. Superman didn't originally fly. He was made to fly by Fleisher Studios, because they found his jump scenes too difficult to animate.
 I did not. He was voted least likely to succeed. They do not have an eye for talent...
 I did not know that. I didn't know he was afraid of children either!
 Was he really?  Why was he afraid of children?
 He was one of the first persons to use the word nerd.It was first used in the book If I Ran the Zoo.
 He lived for a really long time too. 1904-1991! I had no idea he was around that long.
 What are you listening to? Is spotify ran through the internet?
 I'm still surprised you get 3g at the top of Mount Everest! Maybe to post selfies I'm sure.
 Basically. I know North Korea has its own Kpop girl band though!
 He actively manages them? What, acting wasn't lucrative enough for him?
 I don't even know what an EOD robot is! But you're saying they use xbox controllers to control military robots?!
 Pretty much! They are bomb disposal robots so they are there for the greater good haha.
 That would really solve all of my chicken problems. I have pounds and pounds of bony chickens and no one (or no THING) to de-bone them! You can't even see the floor at my place. Nothing but chicken and bone.
 Oh man this would help for sure! Well it was nice chatting with you have a great night!
 Wow, I did not know that. My favorite  is The Cat in the Hat.
 lol, I have heard that too! Clicking those links. 
 Oh ok, that makes sense! That's funny!! Have you heard of this K-pop?  The North Korean played a song, Hit your heart when they sank a South Korean warship in 2010. Good thing they are getting along better now!!
 That's what I was thinking with the twins. I saw a video of a cat riding one of those vacuum cleaners for fun around the house, helps with liter clean up! I have also seen a video of 3 vacuums going round and round with halloween brooms attached for decorations. So funny!!
 Can you imagine looking out your hotel window in Las Vegas and seeing that 50ft robot roaming around!! ha, ha ha!!
 WHAT! That's crazy! I want one. The deboning robot, not the surgery one. That would be great.
 Me too. There is a voter in India that lives with lions and they set a poll just for him to vote.
 Yea I think we should really. I mean even astronauts vote from space. Why can't we here?
 i do not know. strange enough though, not all men were allowed to vote in the uk until 1918. I wonder how you made the cut to vote
 that is actually a very good idea. sadly 34% of the black population in alabama has lost the right to vote. I wonder if that has to do with felony laws
 I know cannot believe it is the 21st century and we are still this closed minded. 
 In Austin, on the other hand, people went out and voted on renaming their garbage dump after Fred Durst.
 Yeah me too just from the outside. It has twin buildings in other countries as well.
 Totally agree. Have you ever been to the white house? I had no idea that there were solar panels put in by George Bush!
 That sure would be an interesting dynamic to add to the debates!
 Hulk Hogan and the Rock (Duane Johnson) have both said they have considered running.  That would benefit them I guess.  
 How do you like Nickelodeon?  They did get political though but celebrated and honored those participating in the March for Our Lives to address gun control and stop mass shootings.
 They are private so they can do that I'm sure and they are trying to promote educational purposes it sounds like but it does sound like it could send a biased message to kids.
 I like them.  Zendaya, only 21, told kids to "never let anybody tell you that your age should limit you from actually doing whatever you think you need to do in the world."  Maybe somewhat inspirational, but maybe it will inspire kids to defy authority and elders
 Did you ever watch "Stranger things?"  Apparently, the actress playing eleven's mother lived her whole life without legs.
 Why does the character have a number name eleven?
 Half of the peak internet traffic in North America is made up by Netflix and Youtube!  Nice chatting.
 I have heard that The Nickelodeon kids choice awards got political. 
 That's insane! I know Jaden Smith was a presenter that announced his presence at the March of Our Lives.
 Oh the show is great-it's on Netflix. Celebs are popular though. There is a guy with the same name as Justin Bieber who was banned from FB!
 Yeah exactly! And actually David Harbour is an actor on the show and he tore his Achilles before!
 Oh, weird. I heard the actress that portrays Eleven's mom has lived her whole life with no legs.
 Holy cow that would be tough. The Stranger Things title font is also used in Paramounts fbi piracy warning!
 It would be tough. Oh, weird about the font! I am not into this type show, but I love shows like Judge Judy. Amazingly enough she is one of the highest paid celebs making 123k per episode!
 Oh wow. Yeah that is a good show. Do you like youtube? YT celebrity Jenna Marbles makes 346,000 per year!
 I do not know who that is. I know You Tube is the second largest search engine on the net though.
 Yeah so much power. Guess who was the most overrated celebrity in 2007: Paris Hilton lol.
 Yeah, I have not heard about her lately. I know You Tube was started by three former Paypal employees. What a good move!
 Yeah I thank them for that because I use it so much. It was created back in 2005! It is a google subsidiary.
 I am not sure, but I'd think so! Youtube and Netflix make up half of peak internet traffic in north America. That might be why the cops have their own.
 A little! I watch NHL games sometimes. Did you know that the USA olympic women's hockey team lost to a HS team?
 Maybe they were just really good? India even beat the US 24-1 in the 1932 Olympics.
 That's interesting! I didn't know that and I'm a fan of U2. I heard that the Fender Stratocaster was intended only for country music.
 Agreed! Off topic, did you know that the direction of Earth's magnetic field reverses every 200k-300k years?
 I wonder why and I wonder how people will be affected. I'm amazing to think that the earth is almost 4x as dense as the sun.
 It is. And Jupiter protects the Earth from asteroids. The whole solar system is just amazing.
 Haha very true. I was also really surprised to learn that you could fit all the planets between earth and the moon and still have room to spare.
 That is amazing, the moon looks so close but its so far away, thanks a lot for the chat by the way
 Did you know that U2 once opened for themselves in costumes as a fake country band in 1987?
 Yeah you'd think the crowd wold notice that. I recently read that George Strait & Jeff Bezos are cousins. Who would have guessed that?
 Did you know that when the Earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long?
 I read an article that says "An average professional hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds in one game."  Did it happen to you?
 Do you know that Amazon CEO and the country music legend george strait are cousins?
 I can't believe the Golden Knights almost won the Stanley cup on their inaugural season. 
 I never knew that. It's crazy to think when earth was formed the days were only 5.5 hours long.
 Very intriguing. On that note of humans, it's interesting to note that country music (or western) has been around since the 20's. While I'm not a fan, it's still interesting.
 That's pretty interesting to know, but it kind of makes sense with country being as old as it is, and rock not coming around until much later.
 Hi, Do you remember Dennis Rodman from the Bulls?  He visited Singapore for the Summit between Trump and Kim.
 Wow!  Can you picture it with Rodman leaving North Korea last year wearing a t-shirt that said "Ambassador Rodman!"  I wonder if he still dyes his hair or if he has to follow a different dress code.
 He can probably do whatever he wants since he was once a popular name. Speaking of North Korea,  it says Kim Jong un learned to drive at age 3,  wow Koreans must be pretty lax on driving laws lol 
 That sounds pretty scary.  Why do they do that?
 Why did they teach Kim Jong to drive at age 3?  
 Yes, they are!  I wonder if they work more hours than most in government that their pay is so high.  The inventor of basketball was a coach, but was the only losing coach in University of Kansas' history. Nice talking to you!
 Hi, yourself.  No I didn't know that.  I know a summit is a big deal international meeting with lots of heads of state or governments.  Usually you hear about the G20 summit.
 Yea, I'm surprised at the g20 the Canadia PM shook Putin's hand and told him to get out the Ukraine, I would be more stern with Putin if I was there
 A distraction or a chance to spy on each other..lol I can't believe Kim Jong-un was voted the sexiest man alive by the "Onion", must be a state run organization.
 The teacher was probably persuaded to pass him.  A lot of children aren't even fully potty trained at age three.
 How true.  I read somewhere North Korea has theme parks and they are undergoing renovations at kim jong-un's orders.  Can you believe they have theme parks, there?
 You know, I've heard that nobody really knows how old the guy is anyway.  All this spy technology and intelligence we have should be able to determine his age.  
 Aww, too bad.  You know He invented basketball.  How ironic is that?
 Yea you figured since Naismith invented basketball he could of just changed the rules around to help him win lol
 Exactly my thoughts. You know Kareem Abdul- Jabbar was so good at dunking, it was banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 Yes that is true. I find it funny Shaq has only one recorded 3pt in his whole career.
 I didn't not know that! 
 Possibly. We don't even know how old he really is, so it's hard to know anything for sure. 
 Not the happiest place on earth for that family. He also had a brother who was spotted at an eric clapton concert.
 Yeah this summit did not end as everyone was expecting.
 Yes the franchise is worth at least 65 billion!  Its the fifth highest grossing film francise
 Its funny that George Lucas's wife worked on it and got an award for editing while he did not get one for directing
 Me too! I don't have the patience lol. Interesting though that Babe Ruth was the best Golfer in America at one point, so crazy but he was talented!
 Yes there are definitely some natural athletes.  Lots of people love golf - golf courses in this country take upmore land than rhode island delaware combined!
 Wow, that is amazing. Doesn't surprise me though. Even Samuel L Jackson plays Golf during filming a movie!
 I read somewhere that Iron Man's suit is roughly about 450 pieces !  Crazy right!
 I have no clue!  lol Did you know JARVIS stands for Just A Rather Very Intelligent System?
 The actor who plays JARVIS,  Paul Bettany,  has never even seen Iron Man!  They paid him so much money to do it and he doesnt even care to see the movie lol 
 wow. thats interseting
 Right!  lol Wouldve been totally different.  
 Good, thanks. Not really .Though I do prefer ice hockey to field hockey. In most of the world when you say hockey they will understand you as talking about field hockey.
 I think it would be even more fun to watch the 1930 game where a hockey goalie caught fire whe a puck hit a pack of matches in his pocket. Wait, I hope he was okay!
 Haha, most likely. I'd like to see the Slovakian women's hockey team in action. They beat Bulgaria 82 to 0 meaning they scored about one goal every 44 seconds. Boy, I would hate to eb the Bulgarian goalie!
 Interesting! Speaking of flights, they are 10% slower than they were in the 60s. This is to save on fuel.
 Ya i was thinking that. Another change is airports make travelers walk further so that they don't have to fetch baggage as fast.
 Ha, funny. I wouldn't want a dunce hat, but I would want a top hat and sword that comes with a PhD in Finland!
 A sword, really?  LOL  Until 1998 British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons.  Strange right?
 And I didn't know the folds in a chef's hat represented the many ways a chef can cook an egg!
 Yeah, for him, the Navy and hockey were two totally different aspirations.
 Wow, thats a humiliating score, and painful to watch if you are a Bularia fan, 
 Right?! That's crazy! It's also crazy that they can lose 8 lbs in a game...many people would love those workout results!
 I like traveling as well too, but also don't like planes! They always say traveling overseas is cheaper because everything is so close together...guess that's not true in Japan if it costs you $300 to go across the country!
 King Kalakaua didn't need instant gratification because I'm sure traveling around the world takes awhile!
 I like physics as well. Kim Jong-Un has a degree in physics.
 Haha right! Pixar spent 3 years studying physics of curly hair in order to render Merida's hair in the movie Brave.
 thats so much effort to animate some hair in a movie, holy moly. can you imagine that being your life for those 3 years?
 I agree. The universe could have come from nothing without violating physics.
 Stephen Wolfram, the dude that invented Wolfram alpha, wrote 3 physics books by age 14. That kid must have been some sort of savant
 Wow, I bet he's very smart. Ancient Chinese dye use on the terra cotta army might lead to a breakthrough in quantum physics.
 That's good. The world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute. That's fast!
 per minute? how do you comprehend that fast i wonder?
 I don't even know how that works to be honest.
 I think it is fascinating that the military puts both of them on their reading lists. I would have thought it would be limited to things like the art of war and the like. 
 No i did not!  Funny that harrison schmidt was the only scientist to walk on the moon!
 That is crazy!  WOW... the world record for reading is 4700 words a minute!  What the...
 Yes, did you also know that he invented the names, Jessica, Miranda and Olivia? I never knew that!
 I don't, but I think lifespans back then weren't as long as they are now. It's amazing how much he wrote in that time though - 39 plays, 154 sonnets, two longer poems, and more.
 True, I always heard that he died on his actual birthday. He did a lot in his life, true and lifespans were shorter then too.
 Yes, I was thinking that same thing, it is also interesting that Shakespeare and Pocahontas were alive during the same time period, that's neat.
 It's also neat that Shakespeare is the one that coined the phrase," Wild Goose Chase" and the phrase "Good riddance", who would have thought that! 
 True, that would be interesting.  They say that there wasn't much record keeping that was found when he passed away.
 I see that polish composer Andre Tchaikowsky donated his own skull to the Shakespeare company, hoping that it would be used as a prop in the Skull of Yorick, and it was!
 I think it's fantastically creepy that they use a real skull as a prop. I wonder what kind of props they'll be using in the Faction of Fools and WSC Avant Bard events!
 There are some weird concepts out there, like the theory of only one electron in the universe.  I can't see anyone believing that one.  After all, electricity is excited electrons.  If only one electron exists, then we would not be having this electronic chat!
 So have I and I have also unknowing named my daughter a Shakespearian name, Olivia.  Its amazing his impact outside of the performing arts!
 The performance that I am most intrigued by is the one playing at Gallaudet University.  I am really intrigued how they would adapt Shakespeare to a deaf audience!
 Mine too.  My youngest just decided she wants to try ballet.  Did you know Tupac danced ballet.  That's something that does not immediately fit with the image of a street rapper!
 Nice. None for me yet but never early to think about what to watch with them lol! I also like comedy films. I used to watch comedy central a lot. Surprising to hear they cancelled over 100 shows since being created in 1989!
 I love comedy films. Did you know Demetri Martin was accepted into Harvard Law but left out of boredom to pursue comedy?
 Wow I didn't know that. Lucky for him it worked out, what a smart guy. I also love Steve Carrel but his movie Evan Almighty wasn't great despite having a monster budget of 200 million!
 I agree. Did you know they make bromantic movies like Harold and Kumar and the Hangover?
 Yes! Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.
 Very bold but glad it worked out for him! I love watching comedy specials on Netflix too. Netflix has a whopping 137 million total subscribers worldwide!
 Netflix is huge. From 9pm-12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.
 Wow that is so major! I love watching highly rated movies and netflix has over 150 movies available with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 Wow that's crazy. Netflix and YouTube together make up half of the peak internet usage in North America.
 That would be awesome to get paid to watch Netflix. They actually spend 20 times more on postage than they do bandwidth.
 Oh interesting. In some European markets Netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which shows to purchase. Quite a good idea. 
 Yeah seems like it. I once saw that netflix had an hour long movie that is just a fireplace burning. Good for people with no fireplace!
 I saw that too lol. Netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 Wow so rich. I like watching Netflix movies with Morgan Freeman. He seems like a good guy and even financed a Mississippi town's prom in 2008.
 Yeah. Watching on live and make very humors also.
 He does like the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy, Kung Fu Hustle.
 Between netflix and youtube, they use half of peak internet usage!
 I still am shocked. Nice chatting with you!
 haha it's so interesting. I played videogames as a kid, I guess the NES could only display 54 colors which I never realized as a kid
 haah that is wild, also crazy that the NES came out in 1985 and was finally discontinued in 2003 in Japan
 wow that is crazy, speaking of caesar, I guess the romans saw people who wore pants as barbarians simply for wearing pants
 haha that is true, I can't believe I never noticed that Aladdins pants were based on M C Hammer's, it seems so obvious now haha
 haha that is very silly, I wonder how important these pants were, also funny there is a city with a law that prohibits "saggy pants" thats funny
 have you seen the lord of the rings? Sean bean usually plays a bad guy and a confident dude, but he is apparently afraid of flying 
 OK, so maybe I am over thinking this. Let's relax it a little. Did you know the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly were left over from starship troopers?
 No. I did not know that. 
 I did not. How strange!
 ah interesting, have you played any games by Blizzard entertainment btw?
 you know what is weird, that the nfl is classified as an "entertainment" business and not a sport, in the legal sense
 huh that seems weird, also weird is how the hulk has indestructible pants, but I guess that makes sense when he is always transforming!
 what is werid to me is that it was illegal for women to wear pants in paris until 2013
 ya that is crazy, and its funny that in baseball umpires wear black underwear in case they have a split haha
 hahha that is funny. nice chat
 Wow, that's impressive.  Technology has came a long way!
 I believe it, we're a society hooked on technology.  Just yesterday, Facebook and Instagram went down in the afternoon and people were going bonkers.
 That's probably where my red suitcase full of my shoes got sent in 1995.
 Just think, Google maps determines traffic by the speed android devices are moving.  It's amazing what technology does these days.
 A bit of a change of pace, but all this talk of being cost effective made me think of a store in Alabama that only sells clothes and other items unclaimed at airports.
 Hi, I am astonished, I didn't know that there are stars so cold that we can touch them with our hands, incredible!
 Country music is ok. It's not my favorite but I can listen to it. I think it's so weird that Henry Ford helped to finance it, he was worried about the"Urban decadence of jazz music but I don't know what that means
 Well it's interesting to me, because I play guitar, that this Fender Stratocaster was actually intended for country music, it's definitely not that way today
 No I didn't know that!  I wish that we could touch them in concert, but they use disguises so yeah you would never know. Haha.  Also interesting is that only two black people are in the Country Music Hall of Fame.
 That's what I thought too! I know sometimes people call it quote Hillbilly music quote but I think that's a derogatory term personally, like you said, it encompasses so much more than that.
 I do too. Country became popular in the 1940's after being called hillbilly music since the 1920's. 
 Jeff Bezos is his cousin!
 Seriously! The fender stratocaster was intended for country music.
 I heard they opened up for themselves at a few shows disguised in costumes!
 There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe.
 It all sounds bizarre to me! 
 I agree. There are stars that are cold enough to touch with the human hand. 
 Yes. There are scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection much like different species do on earth.
 That sounds neat! Robin williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.
 $123,000!! Incredible
 I know! it seems like a lot of money, havent really watch Judge Judy before.
 Yep interesting. I guess sometimes people call it Hillbilly music. That sounds very offensive haha. I guess in 2009 country music was the most listened to rush hour radio station in the United States
 That is strange. I wonder why that is? Did you hear that Henry Ford helped to popularize country music
 Yep I wonder that too. He was a worried about the Takeover of Urban decadence in terms of jazz. I guess he didn't have to worry because Jazz certainly didn't take over
 I did know that. He did the voice of the genie. And I guess he started a trend in celebrities doing the voice acting in these animated movies
 Oh that makes sense. And yes I think Judge Judy makes about $123,000 per episode. Which is still insane!
 I love that the Loch Ness monster is protected by the government.  It, or he, or she, has been doing fine for millennia without the government.
 It sounds as though the Germans are going down that path, animals there have guaranteed rights.  I wonder if they have access to lawyers to enact those rights.
 Wasn't Johnny Depp in it Transcendance , or something? We sure have come a long way from the Russians 1936 computer that ran on water.
 Interestingly in To All the Boys I've Loved Before all the letters got delivered to the girls door
 Yeah, it is also a Netflix original, surprisingly they still send DVD with mail. 
 Did you know that Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to make a career in comedy?
 I faintly remember it but don't remember it being so great
 They need to stick to business, not show business I guess.  Shawshank redemption grossed only $3 million more than its budget even though rated highest on imdb
 I'm not sure, but I can't imagine its very much, especially considering how well-known that poem is now! 
 That's pretty cool! I would love to find out more about how that worked. Did you know that the javanese alphabet forms a poem when recited in order? I haven't heard it, but I wonder what it sounds like!
 that is a ton of animals, holy moly, i know we have over 1.5 million species though
 Yeah same here, cant believe the shuttles computer runs on only 1mb of ram
 Haha yea. From 9pm-12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.
 I bet lol. Netflix and Youtube make up half the peak internet traffic in North America.
 That is funny how someone became rich over something like that. Blockbuster declined to buy Netflix for $50 million and now they are worth $2 billion.
 Me too! 3rd Rock from the Sun won a golden globe in 1997 and beat out Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier.
 I agree. Did you know Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy?
 I have not seen that movie so I think it's odd as well. 
 Yes it is. Set it Up was also a favorite in June. To All the Boys I've Loved Before is one that has gained an intense fan base.
 Yeah, and there is rumor that there will be a Netflix sequel of To All the Boys I've loved. You have plenty to watch!
 Crazy! Blockbuster must be regretting turning down the deal to buy Netflix!
 Sad. I don't miss those late fees though. Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix because of a large late fee.
 Funny if the store was Blockbuster!  LOL
 Yeah, I never thought 3rd Rock was that funny. I'd watch it but it was never one of my favorites.
 Can you believe that some jellyfish are immortal?
 Hello, do you like animals?
 Speaking of liking animals... there's a zoo in Maryland that'll let you PET the African Penguins for a small fee.  That'd be an animal lovers dream, I bet!  
 He's probably a cutie.  Don't try to pick him up though, they say the penguin will peck at ya if you get too grabby! 
 Neatly enough, you can't feed the penguins while you're there.  Apparently they'll only take food from the "official" feeders.  Found that interesting...
 Yeah, I guess they're picky about their food.  I tell ya something that's not.. a black swallower fish!  They can eat prey twice their length and TEN times their weight!
 No, I didn't know that!  Aquatic life is rather fascinating.  They say, for example, there's a breed of jellyfish that is immortal!  Wonder if they call them "Highlander Jellyfish" lol!
 Well I used to date a ballerina, and I know that her toes would get really beating up from all of the dancing, so it doesn't surprise me that professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of shoes a week, even though that sounds crazy
 Yeah that's crazy. He was in The Nutcracker. You think anyone has a videotape of that? I bet they would make a lot of money haha. I also need to watch a baby dance. Apparently if you put on good music they will Bob to the beat
 Yep I agree. I can't believe the average golf course uses 300,000 gallons of water, and then the one in Dubai AKA Saudi Arabia uses four million gallons a day, that's just insane and such a waste
 Yep I agree. Just for a game instead of for people who actually need the clean water. I also didn't know that Babe Ruth was a golfer, I only heard about him being a good baseball player
 That's pretty awesome! I bet he's really good. I didn't know too, in terms of wasting things, how much space golf courses use up. Apparently all the golf courses in the United States could take up the size of Rhode Island and Delaware combined
 lmao the lawyer could be a dog lol.  the 1912 scottish protection of animals act, the loch ness monster is a protected species.
 I think its a human in custom. did you know that humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original 
 yhere is a sound frequency that causes fear in us
 and we are adapted for persistence hunting making them among the best distance runners among all running animals.
 Anyway people make effort to protect animals. Germany is the first country to give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights. It's so cool.
 True. Did you know that in Scotland there is protection act and loch ness monster is a protected species.
 Really? I'm sure it is beautiful. There is something interesting about humans. For example, there is sound frequency that causes fear in humans. 
 I heard it was all the way in Washington State!
 Do you know the results?
 That is horrible! I guess with more and more people building and doing more and more into the woods these animals feel like they are in danger.
 Must be free...or paid out by who hired them....good question! I was astounded to read that we have 20 quintillion individual animals on earth....wow.
 That is crazy. I cannot even imagine what the number would be if some animals havent gone extinct. 
 No I had no clue, I'd love to pet penguins at the Maryland  zoo
 Lol well in Switzerland they already have a lawyer who represents animals
 Yea, I guess fish can live very long, the oldest goldfish lived to 43 years old
 ya I agree with that, good to know there are more libraries than mcdonalds in the usa
 Wow, how is that possible? But considering the vast amount of resources library provides, I suppose it's true. Like when a man was mistakenly imprisoned, he spend most of his time in the library to study law and prove his innocence! 
 That's really supportive! I wonder if it's enough to put into the number of libraries in Norway, if not you can convince them to support more!
 haha good plan! and if you make a kids book they buy 1500 copies! instant guaranteed sales!
 Oh my goodness, did you give her pointe shoes as gifts? I imagine it's a big expense if they go through that many pairs per week
 lol I'll keep that in mind, did you know some shoes are designed specifically for things like skiing or hiking?
 Oh yeah, I like North Face as well they have kept me very warm in this cold weather recently. Yes, I wear hiking shoes ever since I've noticed how slippery some paths can be but they are quite expensive, more expensive than the line of shoes that Stephon Marbury promoted which only retailed for $15.
 haha oh wow thats funny, did you know that 5000 year old shoes can perform better than some modern ones? I want to try those
 yes indeed! Did you hear what steve smith does after every nfl game he plays?
 Fantasy congress seems like a headache lol Do you try and vet them too?  like get a background check find all their dirty secrets?  haha
 I dont play any sports,  I work out,  go to the gym,  snowboard and swim.  I have never played cricket,  but that is insane!  I have heard of tennis matches going for like 3 days though lol 
 Wow I didnt realize people in Compton play cricket,  that is impressive though! 
 Absolutely!  I hear the dutch are creating this crazy fast bus, supposably it travels 160mph!  We need that in California!
 Ugh,  that sounds horrible.  I wonder why that is.  maybe its cheaper if more people use it a lot.  I read that Mackinac Island has no motorized vehicles.  They travel by horse or bike,  how about that commute??  lol
 traveling by horse sounds tiring!  I took a few horse back riding lessons and after a few hours your thighs really hurt,  just from the position you are in.  And is there free horse parking?  Do you have to pick up your horses poops like you do with dogs?  Thats crazy lol 
 I did know that,  that country wants to charge you for everything!  it is so expensive there from what ive heard.  I am visiting next year in Feb.  mostly to go snowboarding lol everyone talks about the JaPow! 
 I have not but it's on my bucket list. I'd think twice about driving while I was there though. EVERY highway is a toll road.
 Probably to keep traffic down. That's my guess anyway. At least they're not like Makinac Island where they don't allow any cars at all. That's some serious traffic control.
 That could get really expensive quick! Have you heard about a start up and Uber partnering for flying cars, more like drones, that would take a trip around chicago from 1.5 hours to 8 minutes...
 Yes, cricket has a small field. I found there is an indian player whose name is Napoleon einstein
 At least karma wins out in the end, the best teams aren't always the ones that play it most. There was an all US team from Compton that won the British Cup twice.
 Australia has been so important in cricket, I learned they had won 45% of all cricket cups
 Oh my goodness, I would've dropped from exhaustion long before that, I wonder how many people had been dismissed from the game by the end of it! That has to have been the longest game ever.
 Ahah that's certainly some ambition you have, I want to travel a lot but I found out Japan may not be the best place for me, to go across the country it costs over $300 just in tolls!
 That is a lot! I would do it just once because i agree, it is a lot of money. I would be a different story in Mackinac island, where there are only horse drawn carriages
 That is the beauty of it, each place is completely different! Even there is  a commuter bus in the making that would travel at 160 mph!
 I don't but I used to . We have two cats now. Did you know that dog and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing.
 Yes! I see them advertise them at the local pet store. I had no idea either. I guess there are benefits to being the first domesticated species.
 That is true. I think we should do what they do in Istanbul. If they recycle plastic bottles they have a vending machine to feed the citys stray dogs.
 That is a great idea. It's sad to see any abandoned pet outside dog or cat.
 I used to have snakes. I had a mouse that ate my snake once. I should move to New Zealand there are no snakes there.
 Did you know there are some flying snakes that launch themselves at prey. I would love to see that
 That is true. Do you like Jazz music. 
 I like that there is a woman in harlem who has had free jazz concerts for 20 years and some jazz artists actually stop by. That's pretty cool.
 Neat. I'll have to check that out next time I'm in NYC. Free too!
 It is awesome that Jazz is played all over. In Pakistan they have a jazz artist who's on the charts.
 Yep. Did you know Jupiter saves Earth from many asteroids? 
 Oh wow that's pretty amazing. I saw that the direction of Earth's magnetic field reverses every 200,000-300,000 years.
 That's pretty eye opening of how short humans have lived on the Earth.
 The Earth is almost 4 times as dense as the sun. 
 That's crazy. Do you think there is other life out there/
 Yea that's a good point. It's hard to say if there is other lifeforms out there. Switching gears a bit, did you know there are at least 17 ways to tie your shoes?
 Maybe those cobblers can make ballet shoes. They go through 4 pairs a week!
 can you imagine wheelbarrowing 32000 books at 85 years old?
 I would just give up... There are more libraries than mcdonalds so that is a good start.
 Are you a dog fan like Google?
 Who would've thought that man's best friend would truly be man's best friend and be able to get blood transfusions?
 The stray dogs are spared in Istanbul due to generous recyclers who put0 their recyclables in a machine that dispenses food and water to them.
 I sort of like dogs, but snakes no way!  I respect that they are such stealthy animals that can swallow prey bigger than their heads though!
 I wonder if animals in New Zealand fear snakes because they have none there.
 It must be a paradise for people who hate snakes. I mean in some places there are flying snakes.
 I mean I'm fine with reptiles if they can't bite my arm off or they don't have poison. Although I fear crocodiles like poisonous snakes, I never knew crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes.
 I'm sure they are. Wow! I did not know about the subway in Moscow. We should give animals a lot more credit. 
 LOL Funny!  But, true!  There are 12 different blood types of dogs.  I never knew that.
 lololol
 Jazz is easy to like, for it is free verse in a way.  All about expression. 
 I heard that he got $1 million per year just to stay alive! That's a great incentive. I heard that Marvel trademarked the names super-hero and super villain.
 I didn't know that! Garfield?! I think it is one of the boring-est comics out there. Lasagna + Mondays = humor? Not to me!
 Awesome, I love hip-hop too. Hip-hop music has a large vocabulary of any popular genre of music.
 I would guess it was during although I'm not sure. The band Vanilla Ice who sang ice ice baby was the first hip-hop single to top the Billboard charts.
 I used to love that one.France is the second largest hip hop market in the world.
 Oh really that is surprising! It is commonly argued as to whether hip-hop started in the south or west Bronx. I think just saying it originated in the Bronx is good enough.
 I can see that. The world record for speed reading is held by Anee Jones with a rate of 4,700 words per minute.
 Wow that is amazing I don't even think I could do 1000 words per minute. I like to enjoy reading. Interestingly enough silent reading as a recent phenomenon.
 I do too. I was amazed as a kid when I heard about braille. Did you know that Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading list of three of the five US military branches?
 Oh no I didn't know that that is very cool. I should read that book. The creator of Game of Thrones begin writing by selling monster stories for pennies to other neighborhood children. Look at him now.
 Yeah good question I don't know. President Andrew Johnson never actually attended school his wife helped him learn math and reading. What a good partner.
 Yeah I agree with you I bet it was. Do you ever read comic books? Marvel once spent 10 years convincing the US government that X men are not human LOL.
 I did when I was a kid. I know Michigan State University's library  has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world. Nice chatting with you! Bye!
 Yes, I did too. Another name for female superhero is super heroine! who knew?
 I agree! There are 30 superhero movies coming between 2016-2020! Have a great day!
 Oh man easily in the millions.
 I wonder why he was invented in the first place
 Mayor , well that's something to be checked. may be because of it natural hunting ability lol
 may e he has ability to write , i have heard a cat was co-author of a book. Didnt quite understand whats with obsession of cats 
 may be some day they can put an album and outsell hybrid theory as best selling album of the century
 thats a interesting way to celebrate. It is easy to use a piano keyboard with 2 people composing 
 do you know that Pianos are from 1700 .. almost 300 yrs old
 yes  strings and hammers and levers .. not what we wish to see
 I like dogs better, but I like cats too. There are cat cafes in Japan where you can pay to play with cats and have drinks.
 For sure. Cats at 15 years old have spent 10 years of their lives sleeping.
 I envy them as well lol. The cat in the Godfather opening scene was a stray they found.
 I agree. A town in Alaska has a cat mayor named Stubbs.
 I love rock music. Did you know Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory album was the best-selling album of the 21st century?
 Wow that's a lot of concerts. Reel Big Fish lost their rights to their original record label so they re-recorded all of their albums.
 Yep. The Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums.
 Not sure when it came out, but it's been around for a long time. I love Pink Floyd.
 He sure was a character. It would be interesting to read "American Prometheus".
 today reading is considered very healthy but did you know that in the 18th century was not like that. There was literal panic because the spread of reading novels!
 lol, I can not read that fast either. I can't understand how they understand what they are reading that fast.
 Very true. Well who knew Kim jong-un has a degree in physics!
 I know, that surprises me. That's alot of time on curly hair.
 That's a good way to put it. It is so vast and unbelievable.
  Oh, I agree with you. I like some science fiction In the 18th century they had a moral panic from reading novels. How sad is that!
 No.  They started in Vaudeville but I think the peak of their popularity was in the late 30s early 40s.  You know who else was a violinist?  Albert Einstein.  I was pretty surprised to learn that. 
 Right?  So many skills in one man, you'd think he might have been a robot!  But then again, another human would have had to have been smarter than THAT to program him.  Ha!
 I'm sure people have theories on whether or not robots could take over the world!  Could probably look some of those theories up on the internet.  Amazing what you'll find on the World Wide Web.
 Yeah, the internet is even available on mt, everest!
 Cool, I'm going to try it then.  You know you read about some of these remedies and wonder if they really work or not.  Especially if you read it on the internet. Of course I hear that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes, if you can believe that.lol
 Yeah, I know what you mean. Wow, that is crazy! I've heard that ballet dancers go through four pairs of pointe shoes in a week! 
 That is quite a bit of dancing in a week to go through 4 pairs of shoes.  Wow!
 Wow, and that is legal?
 Yes, apparently so.  I wonder if anybody bought my pair of size 6 Calvin Klein jeans that was in my luggage and got lost back in 1985. lol Stephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed for $15.00 and he was not paid to endorse them.  Can you believe that?
 I saw that, it promotes a good cause.  Kudos to him.  Do you know there are some people that will look for collar gaps on your clothes just to tell if you have your clothes tailored or not?  Isn't that insane with homeless people that have no shoes to wear.
 Yeah, I had heard about that.  But show me one picture with a Pilgrim wearing something colorful, they must have had nothing but special occasions every day.  
 Oh, poor baby, you're telling your age!  It must have did poorly or it would still be around.
 Yeah, I wonder what it looked like. Speaking of Apple, if you smoke around their computers it voids the warranty because it's considered a biohazard!
 Really! That's weird. Speaking of shoes... Nfl wide receiver steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness to homeless people without shoes
 That would be good for kids. We could always find them at least.
 That is true. Queen elizabeth ii employs somebody to wear her shoes before her to ensure they are comfortable. That's some real power she has. 
 I am a weirdo so I would never let anyone wear my shoes before me. Get me a robot to do that!
 Ha ha. I saw a lot of Friends but do not remember that scene. The greeks literally made asbestos clothing and it was almost as valuable as gold! I would imagine they became very ill. 
 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
 yeah. Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor
 Rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china. 
 WOW! That just seems lazy and as if there is no oversight. 
 It's crazy how computers are used in everything from microwave ovens to smartphones
 I never knew captcha stood for completely automated public turning test to tell computers and humans apart, the name is annoying as the test
 That's insane but it's probably much better than the manual cardboard computers Bell distributed to students in 1968
 Yea, that's pretty crazy. I never knew in 1995 Doom was installed more than Windows 95
 I don't remember Google going down for 5 minutes in 2013?  It took 40% of web traffic down.  I probably blamed my ISP.
 Wow, a single Google search requires more computing power than what it took to send Neil Armstrong and 11 others to the moon!
 Ha.  I guess Google once used goats instead of people to mow the lawns.  I can't imagine what a hassle it would have been to manage all the goats.  They are mischievous creatures that eat EVERYTHING. 
 I guess that's why we went Android?  Funny Jobs switched iPhones during presentation because they would run out of power and RAM.
 I think the irreplaceable battery on iPhone hurt their market.  Funny Microsoft had funeral for the death of the iPhone when it launched their own line.
 I am a little. I enjoy learning about it. I was aware of those facts. I also know that if we viewed the entire earth's history as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds of that day. That is a mind blowing stat. 
 That is really surprising since that planet is mostly compromised of gas. We do not even know if there is any solid land there. I wonder how it takes the impact first in this case? 
 It's very interesting.  So is the fact that the Sun is 4x less dense than Earth.
 I know it is much larger but i don't think it has any solidity to it so that's interesting. Another science fact is that when Earth was formed a day was only 5.5 hours long. 
 I didn't know that.  I wonder why. There is a place on earth where there is less gravity than the rest of the planet.  It is the Hudson Bay region of Canada.
 Really, I hope that is ok for us?  I'm also a big tech guy, how about you?  Did you know new Google employees are called "nooglers".
 That is even more silly. 
 I love audiobooks. Did you know that in the first 3 months of 2016 audiobook sales rose 35%?!
 Had you heard that Jim Dale performed 300 voices for the Harry Potter books?
 Audiobooks were initially started as a project to help those that are blind. I love to listen to them while I drive though! They are so useful!
 Yes, sci-fi. I didnt know that its on the list of reading materials for some of the us military. 
 I'll have to look it up then if that is suggested for them. Seems like the Art of War would be more appropriate. Speaking of Sci-fi. Did you know Michael Jackson released an audiobook/soundtrack album for E.T.?
 Yes, one of my favorites of all time. I wonder if people check out the DVD from the library. I heard that many libraries now carry video games to attract teenagers inside. Book checkouts have increased due to the seeing books on the shelf on the way to the games section.
 Some library's do! I know that the one next to my house does! 
 Really??? I wish mine did. Which games? I bet not GTA 5. Speaking of teenagers, a Malawian teenager taught himself how to build a watermill out of junk to power his village.
 Most are pretty family friendly. But theyre free so thats not bad. 
 I read articles years ago that they were starting to consider shutting libraries down but now with computer access they are becoming more popular than ever. I use the free wifi to download movies on my phone from Prime. I have completely cut the cable at home, no tv, no dish, no cable, no wifi. I just stream from my phone offline now. In the library of Alexandria they would take original copies of books and copy them putting the originals in the Library for safe keeping.
 I have cut all of my stuff as well. I feel like i should read more to get close to the record of 4700 words per minute. 
 Well, they had a panic over the spread of comic books originally too. They thought they were making kids violent and wanted to ban them like wanted to Elvis's singing and today's video games. Do you read Audio Books? I heard Dotrice narrated 224 different characters for the Game of Thrones audiobook.
 I'm sorry I meant "reading" and typed ready. Audio books are great too. They originally started out a a project for the blind.
 I'm not sure. And yeah he's done 300 voices for the Harry Potter audiobooks.
 Me too, but mainly when I go for long walks or while exercising.Michael Jackson even released an audiobook directed by Spielberg for ET.
 I was surprised to learn that there are more libraries than McDonald's in the US. I would have though the opposite.
 Yeah, he studied law over 10 years and proved his innocence. Later he became a lawyer to help free those who have been falsely accused. Very admirable.
 Yes and books can be read on smartphones. Did you know that there is a library of things? Patrons can check out items that they need now, but not for long term.
 They are huge.  They have grown and changed with the times although I don't like their political stuff.  Did you know a single Google search takes more computing power than it took to send Armstrong and 11 others to the moon?  Powerful slide rules back then...
 They are overpriced.  I had one several years ago.  I'm Android now. I guess women are more likely to own them.
 I think it's the "cool" factor among peers.  Funny, MS had a funeral for iPhones when they launched their line of phones.
 It's interesting that during the first iPhone presentation, Steve Jobs had to keep switching phones behind his desk, otherwise the phone would run out of ram and crash.
 I agree! I'd rather not be represented by someone I don't even know, to aliens! That pretty crazy! I just found out that Google maps calculates traffic by tracing how fast android devices are moving on the road!
 That's clever but a little disconcerting.  I guess our poles are mostly covered in ice.  I was thinking snow...
 I love it too.  I'm an engineer and watch a lot of science documentaries.  I have recently learned that Earth is the densest planet in the Solar System.  I actually thought that honor belonged to Mercury. 
 Nice, did you steve king was scared of bambi when younger? Hilarious.
 Can you imagine a moral panic because of reading?
 I do not know. I recently got an XBox One that I won from a cereal box! Those contests do actually give out the prizes!
 That's interesting, I don't see a lot of the resemblance between them.
 Well I used to play a lot of Nintendo games as a kid, I never realized that they had only the ability to display 54 colors at once
 I'm so happy that they were making Nintendo's until 2003! That's definitely my favorite system
 I have never seen a Ronald Reagan movie, but it's funny that one casting agent said that he didn't look presidential, how wrong he was lol
 I'll have to check it out, what I didn't know is that there are 300 superheroes that have been registered in the United States, I wonder what they all are and if some of them are better than the flash haha
 Thank you you too, apparently Stan lee wrote 15 DC Comics, I always thought he was a Marvel guy
 Indeed he was! And did you know DC bought the exclusive rights to Superman for a measly  $130 back in 1938? That is unbelievable!
 He most certainly would! Since we're on the subject of Superman, did you know it's illegal to name your kid Superman along with Metallica, Elvis, Ikea and Veranda in Sweden? That is crazy - like would they really arrest you for something that silly?
 It's kind of surprising as I figured Japan had discontinued it long before 2003! Are you also a fan of Bill Nye? I can't believe he got his big break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!
 I remember hearing that before, very crazy!  I just learned that Stephen King was in a band with Matt Groening.  Makes me want to rewatch some Simpsons horror episodes!
 I did not know that, but I think it scared me a bit too when I was that age.  Speaking of terrifying, Ronald McDonald being one of the inspirations for "It" is hysterical!
 That is wild!  I need to publish a book in Norway, you are guaranteed to sell at least 1,000!
 That is great.  Speaking of books I am not sure I ever realized Nick Offerman and Megan Mullally from "Parks and Recreation" were actually in love until they released their recent book.
 I am not familiar with Gladstone, but recently learned his story of using his wheelbarrow to transport 32,000 books at age 85.  I would love to be in that kind of shape at 85!
 I did not know about that until recently either!  I would have never guessed Tolkien had a sense of humor!
 Me either!  I understand that it's a status symbol, but that's ridiculous
 It has to do with marketing by shoe manufacturers, such as Nike.
 I did not know that.  Going back to your previous question, I did not know about ballet dancers and new shoes for his or her every performance.
 Sup? I just read a single google search requires more computing power than the moon landing
 lion king was the first disney film to be dubbed in zulu
 wow wreck it ralph started in the late 80' s
 and it wasnt discontinued in japan until 2003!
 maybe not presidential but definitely steve martin
 The LACES program was a great idea; its suprising that Liberia has been at war about as long as we have
 That is crazy! 4 million unplayed! With so many millions, I should give it a try again. Maybe I should try the paid subscription, with improved streaming quality?
 That's a shame for the musicians. I 'm surprised Google hasn't come up with competitor yet. Did you realize Google is over 20 years old now. It was founded in 1998!
 I wonder how that looks on Google maps! Only 29% of the earth is even land.  The other 71% is water.
 I hope when extraterrestrials come they don't need the helium! Maybe we should talk to the United Nations' Ambassador to extraterrestrials. Can you believe that's a real job?!
 It sure is! I guess maybe they'll show up some time, even though earth is the only astronomical object known to harbor life. 
 I've been wanting to watch it. Soccer makes more money than most sports combined worldwide.
 That is also surprising to hear, but when you think about it so many countries participate and it's a global sport.  I also didn't know that there was a variation that involved 3 teams at a time-were you aware of that?
 I think so too. Jon Stewart was a very skilled soccer player and represented the US in 1983.
 Very cool. Did you know there is a variation of soccer in which 3 teams play at the same time?
 Not too sure on that one. American's call it soccer because that is slang for association football.
 I do not, but am aware that they give out the Oscars.  Do you really think that Eminem has more oscars than Leonardo DiCaprio, Will Smith, George Lucas,  and Bill Murray?  I find that hard to believe.
 I find that very hard to believe. Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win best actor at the Oscars 3 different times.
 And how do the Oscars win Emmy's I wonder?  They were nominated for 9 in 2013.  For the production of their show? 
 I have no idea how that works. Blazing Saddles was nominated for 3 Oscars.
 I have! It was a great movie with great toys. Did you know that the toy industry is involved before the filming has begun?
 Ronald Reagan was rejected from a movie for looking like the president, It was nice chatting with you also
 I don't remember that one. What was that one about?
 Is it a holiday movie?  Did you know that on Spotify a musician needs to get a little over 130,000 plays to make minimum wage?  That's a hard business.
 I don't know.  But there was a band that earned $20,000 from Spotify for a silent album and used the money to finance a free tour.  Interesting, huh?
 I was wondering that too.  Did you know that 80% of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed already.  Sad.
 Depends if I were sleeping or playing.  Earth will be virtually helium free at the end of the 21st century 
 Well in any case we'll apparently have ambassadors from the United Nations if extraterrestrials arrive
 Don't think so, but who knows what's out there for sure.  Nice talking to you.
 That was news to me too! I was also shocked to hear that they renamed Frozen and Tangled to avoid "feminine" titles. How stupid is that?
 Ha. Yeah. That is absolutely ridiculous. And what exactly constitutes a "feminine" title? I mean... Sleeping Beauty? Pocahontas? And then even things like "Snow White" and "Cinderella". Everyone knows those are FEMALE characters, so yeah. I don't get that at all. 
 Yes, that's what I've heard too. I'm not sure I really think they should be remaking classics, but maybe that's just me. I was surprised Wreck-it Ralph was in production in the 80's!  That movie took forever to release in that case!
 YES! That was crazy!!! I mean, I enjoyed that movie. (I have a son, so we watch more of the rough and tumble shows than we do the princess films.) I liked it, and he loved it, but I certainly didn't see anything in it that should have taken 30 some odd years to make. haha. I haven't seen the second one yet, but I'm anxious, too. Considering the first one took 3 decades, I'm surprised they put out a sequel so soon.
 That was a surprise to me as well. Did you see that Bill Nye got his break in a Steve Martin lookalike contest? How cool is that?
 no I didn't thats interesting though! have you seen the movie Frozen by the way? Apparently that was the first Disney movie to be directed by a woman, I know that it made a lot of money so it must have been successful
 haha that is interesting I didn't know that, and yes Jennifer lee directed it, and it made more than 1 billion dollars, thats insane and great for her I'm sure
 wow that is interesting, funny with that song too, the co-author of it did some songs 4 South Park and also for the Book of Mormon, those are both pretty raunchy, pretty funny that he also did songs for Frozen LOL
 Yep it sounds like he is very talented. Back to Disney movies though, apparently the toy manufacturers talk to Disney before Disney even starts making the movies. I don't know how I feel about that, kind of scummy
 Yes, I have! I rented the DVD. I find it funny that it took such a long time in production because the development actually started in the late 1980's, but it wasn't released until 2012.
 Yep that never seem to bother me, I never noticed it as a kid haha. I'm just glad that the system was as good as it was. And I'm shocked that it lasted until the year 2003 in Japan
 Didn't know that! That's pretty crazy. I also would have never guessed that Bill Nye the Science Guy did Steve Martin look alike contests, although I can kind of see that one at least
 Wow that is interesting. That guy is a good actor though. You like Roman history at all? Apparently Caesar made a note, that people in Great Britain would breed chickens to entertain themselves and not for eating LOL
 Did you know he graduated high school at the age of 25?
 That's pretty cool. I saw he spent a ton of money on children's books during a tour in the UK.
 I did not know that either. The beat of one of his songs is sampled from Timmy Thomas' 1972 hit Why Can't We Live Together.
 Their album Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 I did not know that. Pretty crazy though. Two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turn 100 years old
 I would hope so lol. The Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums of 2014.
 That is impressive, the entire franchise was valued at 65 billion!
 That's crazy to me. that and James Earl Jones only go tpaid $7500 for 2.5 hours of work!
 It did make george lucas a billionare though so he can't be too mad.
 Wow, that's early.  But it's in line with what Google's research shows
 Or maybe that you were thinking ahead.
 I like the sport a lot. I just can't believe that there are only five players at a time on each side. It always seems like more.
 True, the dunk was so bad because of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in college it got banned for years.
 Yeah, I heard it was banned from college basketball for over a decade! 
 I think the NBA has changed a lot with so many more 3 point shots being taken, it is hard to defend that much of the court.
 Well look at Air Jordans, that shoe accounts for 33% of all money on shoes spent on ebay.
 Does it really?Did you know that Jordan's were banned upon introduction by the NBA?
 Yes it was around 1984 I think, I think this is what jumpstarted Nike into the powerhouse they have become.
 I doubt it, I mean the logo of his jumping isn't how he jumps either.
 Yeah, it's ironic that it is from a photo shoot of MJ doing the ballet move grand jete and had nothing to do with how he jumps!
 I concur.  By the way, do you know that air jordan account for 1 in every 3 dollars spent on sneakers on ebay
 Btw, do you know that rapper Drake owns a pair of solid gold air jordan sneakers weight about 100 pounds
 Yeah.  The rule is a bit complicated if you do not watch the game often.  Also, do you know that a professional ballet dancer use 4 pairs of pointe shoes per week
 Yes I am. Did you know Pluto isn't a planet? I thought NASA had reversed that decision a few years ago.
 Fascinating.  And to think when earth was first formed, a day was on 5.5 hours long.  Definitely needed daylight savings time!!!
 Heck no, you would lose or gain half a day. Big mess LOL! I thought they found life on Mars, but it's been reported only Earth harbors life.
 I would like to know. We can;t be the only planet to have harbored life. Why are we so special? It can't just be coincidence. I mean if humans are but a minute if earth history was put into 24 hours, who are we to judge what's in the history of other planets. We barely know this one.
 its crazy how much success they have! They're marketing team is really good. Being famous for being famous
 It's honestly a little creepy how obsessive people get over celebrities. Like freaking out on social media when she wasn't in the Christmas card picture.
 There is probably this family wouldnt do to stay relevant Somehow their tv show still runs
 Yes all good questions. I always wonder about aliens too. In 2010 the United Nations appointed a official ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they would ever make contact with the earth! It was great chatting with you today I had fun.
 Combined with Netflix Youtube makes up half of peak internet traffic in North America, that's a lot of streaming
 I feel its because for many people of authority like the current president denies it for political reasons. I still can't believe people feel vaccines cause autism
 That is amazing. I wonder what his field of expertise and interest is. In modern times, scientists have changed academia, industry, government, and nonprofit environments to an exponential degree
 Yes,  very much.  Did you know Starship troopers was a recommended reading book to us militaries?
 It was a great movie too!  
 That is surprising,  reading is good for people,  why would there be a panic about it lol 
 Nice!  I never read that one,  just seen the movie.  
 lol now that's crazy! Do you even process information that fast?  or just read the words?  That is a lot! 
 yeah right!  It looks like the biggest selling non fiction book is the Bible!  
 Yes and almost 200 historical non fiction books!  He was focused! 
 lol I could,  if I was really interested in their life.  
 That is a big statement.  I did not know that Winston Churchill won a Nobel Prize,  that is interesting. 
 Well it was good chatting,  have a good one. 
 Wow that is interesting. have you ever heard of the blind reading language Braille? It was created by Louis Braille who did it when he was only 15, that's impressive!
 no, tell me about it! something I know is that literature was, long time ago, an olympic event!
 No I didn't hear about that, can you tell me more? Interesting that of Amazon's top five best-selling book, four of them were nonfiction, I wonder what they were
 No I didn't know that. That's kind of scary actually. I wonder why they would burn the books? Did you know that romantic kissing is actually a recent invention?
 That is really interesting. I wonder how those work because they're so subjective? Do you like heavy metal? There is a professor who teaches heavy metal as a form of literature apparently
 I see. Have you heard of President Andrew Jackson? You never actually went to school, it was his wife who helped him to learn how to read, and he became the president so I guess that's awesome!
 I didn't know that! However, I'm not surprised. POTUS Andrew Johnson never  went to school. His wife helped him learn to read. 
 I'm very glad that someone did. Oddly, literature was an Olympic event from 1912 to 1952. How odd. 
 I am not familiar with that one. Did you know that George W Bush read 14 biographies of Lincoln during his presidency?
 It is. It's on the reading lists of three of the five US military branches. What an odd choice. 
 She just released a new follow up to To Kill a Mockingbird.
 Sometimes when books aren't banned a parent can request an alternative book, but personally it seem like you would miss out on the classroom discussions and learning if you are the only one reading it.
 Yeah. I agree. I haven't read to kill a mockingbird in a while and will need to re-read it. After all, there are more libraries in the US than McDonalds.
 Have you ever heard the story of the guy who spent so much time studying in the prison library that he became a lawyer?
 Definately! I can totally see why him and tesla were friends. They were both quite the character. 
 I love mystery novels. Which aparently caused a panic in 18th century society. 
 and he was 85! and pushed them almost a mile! that's dedication
 Well be careful when you do.  I really do like to read, but I probably don't spend enough time doing it.  It's too bad I'm not Anne Jones who is the world record speed reader and can read like 4,700 words/minute!
 Wow.  That is pretty impressive!  Another thing that was impressive to me that I recently found out is that there are more libraries than McDonald's in the US!
 It seems like I pass three McDonald's to get to one library.  Apparently, not all libraries are for books.  In Sacramento they have a "library of things" where people can check out sewing machines and other short-term use items.
 I don't.  I knew mine carried videos and audiobooks, but didn't know about video games!
 Hello - did you know a man was falsely imprisoned for 10 years and spent most of his time at the library to prove his innocence? 
 That's crazy
 Wow that's pretty cool. 
 Yes they are. Did you know starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading list of the US military? 
 Haha that would be cool to beat that record!
 For sure! I saw there was a moral panic in the 18th century due to the spread of reading novels. LOL
 Wow! That's hard to believe! Wonder why? I bet CS Lewis and Tolkien had a good laugh about that during their "You laugh, you lose" competition.
 LOL yea I bet they did have a good laugh about that. 
 Yes it did. Did you know Nikola Tesla and Mark Twain were best friends? 
 Really? That is so cool. I did not know that actually? I do know Edison filmed the only footage on record of Twain. I've always wanted to see it. Would be cool if he had footage of Tesla and Twain together!
 Very weird. Interesting!
 Yes and it's a great service especially since I've also been victim of the enormous fees for returning dvds late back when Blockbuster was alive. Reed Hastings, the found of Netflix, created Netflix because of the same fact!
 That is a bad move, Netflix is now worth 2 billion dollars since they and youtube together make up for half of peak internet traffic in the US!
 There's still a Blockbuster left?! I thought they declared bankruptcy, but then so many other stores have declared bankruptcy but I still see them, like Radio Shack, K-Mart, Sears, etc.
 Of course! Interesting to think that there are other planets like Uranus that rotates sideways and "rolls" around the sun rather than spin like other planets.
 Wow! That is a lot of debt. I wonder if Blockbuster is upset they didn't buy Netflix  after several offers to get it for $50 million. It is worth a lot more now!
 I am not sure, there are no Blockbuster stores by me anymore.
 It is documented that shawarma sales go up because of avengers movies.  I like shawarma, but never thought to link the two.
 ya I agree, did you hear that due to the avengers there was an increase in shawarma sales haha!
 ya sometimes it is too overwhelming, did you ever watch the show recess? the girl who voices gretchen voiced the waitress in the Avengers
 ah interesting, did you watch the original incredible hulk from the 70s btw?
 haha ya his name was Lou Ferrigno, and he actually appeared in one of the avengers movies!
 haha that's funny! did you know the guy who plays jarvis's voice? I guess he has never watched an avengers movie haha
 No, I am not sure how they started. I do know I am one of 137 million total subscribers now.I can remember when they first started and we would order and mail the dvd's back and forth through the mail.
 haha ya I remember that, it makes sense they  switched to digital, I guess Netflix spends 20x more on postage than on the streaming bandwidth
 ya, that would make sense, anyway the funny story on how netflix was started is the creator was charged a $40 late fee for Apollo 13, that is a good movie though!
 haha yes I haven't gotten a $40 late fee though, do you like Marvel or DC more btw?
 ya that is true, I like batman but besides him I only like Marvel, funny that there is one character shared by both Marvel and DC
 Yes I totally agree. For example they included the original Hulk actor in several appearances of the movies!
 Wow that is a lot of streaming movies! Their original content is quite good too. I like what they have done with some of the marvel characters in their own series. 
 I was shocked to read that only about half of those were in the US. I would have totally though it was more considering it is a quarter of the internet traffic in north america. 
 Wow that is crazy. Also Netflix alone can take up about a third of all bandwidth in North America.
 I have heard of that. I also heard of the one giant hologram Theory I think that Elon Musk believes in that
 Interesting. Did you know there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand? 
 Wow that is cool. Did you know that stars planets and gas clouds form about 6% of all matter?
 ya I like it, its made up of 30 teams and only 1 team is in canada
 probably none, but I would! It's scientifically the best way to shoot!
 ya I guess they were banned from the NBA but Nike kept paying the fee
 I used to be really good, its crazy it was invented in India and then perfected in Persia, its very old
 yup and just know there are more moves in chess than atoms in the galaxy!
 I would like to take a photo next to that bridge, and that is amazing, there must be billions of lego bricks then, do you like reading?
 did you know that Spider-man has a hyphen in the name so that he wouldn't be confused with Superman by people that were reading quickly
 I didn't know that, crazy!
 ya that is wild, also Stan Lee's wife did voice acting for the 1994 Spider-man cartoon, I watched that as a kid, did you?
 Ya hollywood keeps making reboots I suppose because they are a safer investment than a new franchise, did you hear of the SpiderMan broadway musical? I never saw it but it was the most expensive broadway production in history
 I liked the batman reboots. I actually saw the musical when I lived in NY for spiderman. 
 I believe it. I'm not so sure the IQ tests are accurate to be honest. 
 Ya I'm not sure I haven't taken one, but the president of the world chess Federation thinks that chess was invented by aliens, I don't know how high of an iq that guy could have if he believes that haha
 I haven't played much Chess to be honest, that sounds crazy that he believes that though. 
 ya I used to study it a little bit back in the day, what is crazy is there are more possible chess moves than there are atoms in the universe, that's a lot of permutations!
 really? I suppose that may be possible. 
 That's insane, and apparently Chess was invented in india. 
 Interesting, I've never been to India, I bet it is pretty cool. 
 I see.  I'm amazed though.   We are so different from the zebrafish.
 I agree, you can find all kinds of stuff on there. It's the largest internet retailer in the world!
 Yep, did you know that Jeff Bezos actually built a clock into a mountain?
 Sounds like he is using that Amazon stock money to good use then.  I can imagine how big his house might be
 The clock should run for 10,000 apparently. I bet his house is huge!
 Not as big as an Amazon warehouse though.  Workers walk 7-15 miles a day during their shift
 That's alot of walking there! I thought my 4 miles per shift was alot.
 Wow, and I have spent thousands over the years and all I get is free shipping!
 I agree, I guess we just weren't early enough. 
 I did not know originally that AMazon owns IMDB.  No wonder their movies do well with Critics
 They do have some good TV and movies on their service.  I suppose one could buy only from Amazon for everything and probably be ok.
 I am doing good and no I am not a robot. Did you know from 9pm to 12am Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America?
 Netflix is pretty successful. I saw that them and YouTube make up about half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 I saw that Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.
 Wow that's crazy
 That would be a very fun job. Wonder how much it pays? Netflix is worth $2 billion now.
 And 58 million subscribers in the US alone. That's like 1/6th the population.
 yea that's a lot!
 do you like horror films? I guess Stephen King considers Bambi to be a horror movie, I never would have guessed that!
 ya I need to look up what that sounds like, also I shoudl watch more horror movies apparently you can burn almost 200 calores from watching one, that would help me lose weight!
 It is very interesting to know it. I think you read comic books. Who is your superhero ?
 Yes it does. Cap'n Crunch arch rivals sogmaster and the soggies exist in the marvel universe and have even battled spiderman! That is so funny.
 Yes it is one of my favorites. The NBA banned air Jordans in the past but he wore them anyway because Nike paid the fines before each game.
 Very nice chatting with you. Have great day.
 How's it going, have you ever played with Legos? I never knew the company that owns them is from Denmark
 That's pretty cool, they also treat their employees well, in the german lego factory some even got a 14 karat gold lego brick
 Memes like the cursed sarcophagus are really odd.
 It did, but archaeologists found the skeletons and a mysterious liquid.
 Somebody even jokingly called it sauce and called for baking a fused ziti.
 I'd like to see someone post a video on the second largest search engine, YouTube about that!
 Yes I think it will and already has. Also, earth will be virtually Helium free by the end of the twenty first Century.
 Yes I can't believe it. I think it's fascinating that the earth's interior has a solid inner core and the liquid outer core that generate's a magnetic field.
 Police also have their own called blutube! Have a good day!
 Somewhat, Its good he didn't give up.  Glad he won the Oscar too! I'm not surprised Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscars.
 So true! Were you also a fan of Blazing Saddles? It's crazy it was nominated for three Oscars! Now that surprised me. Ha!
 Agree, being the first female.Robert Lopez is one of twelve people to win an emmy, grammy, oscar and a tony!
 Wow! Now that's truly an accomplishment right there. Talk about a jack of all trades! And here I thought Eminem having more Oscars than Johnny Depp, Leo, Will Smith, Bill Murray and George Lucas combined was impressive, not as impressive as Robert Lopez's accomplishments. Ha!
 Do you watch basketball? I didn't know New Zealand had a team.
 lol, I agree. James Naismith who invented basketball is the only losing coach at the University of Kansas.
 No kidding! Ha! But them there's athlete's like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar who got dunking banned from college basketball for over a decade. He must have been a monster dunker!
 lol, i agree to get banned.
 Yes, I saw that. How does that work?
 Good question. Ha! Since the Emmys are basically the Oscar equivalent for television and was modeled after the Oscars, it's a little strange!
 No one liked it lol 
 Netflix and youtube eats up all the internet traffic in north america
 Its cool with me. Aloe blacc only received $12k in royalties from pandora for 168 million streams
 Yeah! He even toured the US and Canada with his punk rock band!
 Wonder if that was a tactic he used to bash each other. It's too bad that despite his progressive views, young people vote at significantly lower rates that older voters and in Texas that could be a bad thing for O'Rourke
 Maybe they like beards, because every US president with a beard has been a republican.
 Oh wow, that is true! Maybe the next election would break the record that there hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1800s
 I can't believe she's the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James, I remember reading somewhere that the main character on the show House made the most
 Yea plus I learned Fox news threatened to sue the simpsons, how ironic
 Have you heard about some politicians who actually get along????
 I read that too! I wonder what would happen if everyone selected that. I guess its only one state in a presidential election so maybe it wouldn't be noticeable.
 Yeah! I love Dark Side of the Moon! Not surprising its still relevant. Did you know Straight Outta Compton was the first album to go platinum without touring or airplay?
 It was a rap album!
 Lol. Foreign rap is not my cup of tea but good for them. Did you know that Darkside of the moon is still one of the best selling albums even being 40 years old? 
 I do not know.    It is ironic that the GOP started as the party of classic liberalism.
 I find it interesting that every president with a Beard has been a republican.
 Wow I did not know that. Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory album is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 That's interesting! Reel Big Fish re-recorded all of their albums after losing rights to their old record label.
 Funny that they could get away with it. Good for them!
 I agree. Two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old.
 Oh, I can't imagine what that sounds like! I find it funny that Led Zeppelin decided not to title their fourth album, to confuse the hated rack press. 
 Me too. That would be very cool to see.
 I did not know that. I love going to the polls as well.
 Very sad. Officials in ancient Athens were appointed by lottery.
 Now that method sounds pretty scary. That's a big gamble! Psephology is the study of results and other statistics relating to elections. I'd like to see the study on the lottery for elections!
 I think so too. Since 1900, the taller candidate for the president usually wins by about 75% of the time.
 Wow. That's a big advantage. A win based on no qualifications, just a physical measure! It compares to the fact that the fastest blinker in the Presidential debates has lost every election since 1980!
 I agree. Do you know much about governors?
 ya I agree, but what is interesting to me is that we have had a democrat or a republican always elected to president since 1853
 That is interesting. Another interesting fact is that every president with a beard has been a republican. I wonder why that is
 Yep you're right. I know you said that you lean blue, I guess that red and blue has only been consistently associated with Republicans and Democrats since about the year 2000, I always thought it was a lot earlier than that
 That's a good question. Also I heard that Harry Truman would not get his picture taken with Dumbo because he was a Democrat and obviously Dumbo is an elephant, that seems pretty dumb, would a republican not get his picture taken with Eeyore?
 What's interesting to me is that Ronald Reagan campaigned for the Democrats back in the day, he actually did not like corporate profits and low wages and was railing against them
 I agree with you there, he's trying to help his countrymen to eat foods that are more diverse so that they can combat the hunger, but again I don't know if he's gotten access to that room, maybe we should start a fundraiser for that haha
 I do as well. Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack.
 Oh so that was Spielberg, nice I didnt know he was a musician as well
 I didn't know that either. O Brother Where Art Though is certified 8 times platinum.
 That's good. Did you know two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old.
 You should be able to find the video online. 
 I wonder what his contribution was, Spielberg also contributed in the soundtrack of Jaws, he played the clarinet!!
 I like rock and jazz. I also like classical when I need to work. Did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet on Jaws?
 Huh... Or the sound track of o brother where art thou was certified platinum 8 times over.
 Ha, interesting. What is your preferred format for music these days?
 Ha, i meant burned CD's. I think I had the adapter for CD's in my first car. Yes, like a 4 plus inch thick case full of CD's that weighed like 40 pounds.
 It is strange in California, it is OK, but not in Florida. But competition is always good. It will make better rides for the public. 
 Yes, not a lot of people still go to the library much anymore, but I like to because they have actual books and I love books! In Sacramento you can go to one and check out sewing machines among other items, lol that is great
 I agree. There's a library that offers sewing machine check out!
 Do they let women play on the teams? The first one was in congress in 1916 and couldn't even vote!
 So his not only the director of the movie but was also one of the musicians? thats awesome
 The batman begins soundtrack was pretty good, I never knew the track titles were names of bat genuses
 Yea the Batman and Marvel movies are really good. It's crazy Sony rejected Marvel's offer to buy all it's characters for $25 million
 Very cool. Cultural experience at a library.
 You've got a point there.
 That is crazy. Did you know Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth? 
 no that is wild, I see why they want to switch to all digital, also crazy that netflix and youtube together make up half of all internet traffic, I watch youtube all the time
 That is also crazy. I didn't realize Reed Hastings was inspired to startup Netflix after racking up $40 in late fees on Apollo 13.
 haha ya that is a wild thing, good movie though, sad that blockbuster didn't buy them when they had the chance
 I agree. Crazy that Netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 yup, they were offered to blockbuster for 50 million, thats quite a lot of value appreciation!
 That is a very big jump in appreciation. Did you know that people fantasy draft the national spelling bee lol? 
 oh I did, they also do fantasy congress, people seem to do fantasy everything these days haha
 Interesting. Did you know a single fold in the brain makes the difference between reality and fantasy? 
 Yes,  love netflix.  Watching anything good?
 i watched like 2 seasons of the arrow,  but I dont like it much,  hes too dark,  he can never be happy.  I only kept watching is cuz felicity smoak is awesome!
 Yeah seriously,  but at the same time the show is enlightening,  kinda showing us what we dont want to happen with our future in techonology. 
 yeah thats definitely upsetting,  they want us to always give info for "security" reasons then they get hacked or whatever,  
 Oh I get it,  wow thats scary lol 
 haha ya politics is a joke, I try not to read the news because i'ts too depressing, other thing I can't believe is that linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best selling record of the 21st century, that is also scary to me
 I am! I think the whole universe is such a marvelous thing! how about you?
 They must be popular, because I still see them on tour. I can't believe all the "old" bands that are still around and touring. 
 No, I haven't seen that movie. I'm surprised, because my spouse likes to watch the Marvel movies. I think he was turned off by the last Avengers movie, though.
 That is a big difference from Tony Stark who is only worth $100 billion! 
 That is for sure, or even bruce wayne, who is at 80 billion
 Wow! Apparently Peter Kamp thought years ago that star could host a planet. 
 Solid Iron eh? well I'm glad! and Thank You Jupiter for saving Earth from many asteroids that head our way. Would you ever consider leaving the planet? There is an open space in Mars one apparently.
 I knew it! haha, Im sure they know more than they lead on, I would LOVE to know though! i know most of the time is to avoid panic but wish i was in on the secrets imagine all the cool stuff they must find out about!
 yes, and it talks about it in a really good book its over 100 years old the book is called "Barron Trump, the marvelous underground adventures" something like that. It talks about our days today...pretty creepy right on. Did you know The term Robotics was accidentally coined by science fiction in 1941 by author issac asimov
 Either that or it is really cold!
 See you on another planet possibly haha.
 You're right, he is! Crazy to think of a gruff Clint Eastwood sitting at a piano writing soft melodies ha ha. 
 It's crazy how culture spreads like that. I mean look at comedy. It goes all the way back to ancient Greece! 
 I've heard about that somewhere. It does make them look cool though. But what's cooler is that there's a whole programming language written in music. Crazy!
 did you know Van Halen set speakers on fire with his playing! That is so metal
 that is cool, I think he also uses coins as guitar picks, he's super talented!
 I had never heard of that! But I guess if a programming language can have jazz roots, what doesn't ?
 haha that is true, did you know that professional jazz trumpeters grow goatees for better comfort while playing
 Yup it's evolved since then and even since MOnty Python which I also like, and is why the programming language is named python
 I don't think I've watched that! I have watched Green Lantern. I did not know that originally that was supposed to be a Jack Black comedy!
 Really? I never thought 3rd Rock was funny. I preferred Friends and Seinfeld, though I know 3rd rock beat them for the Golden Globe in 1997
 Haha. Do you like Comedy Central shows?
 I do not watch it. CN has had over 100 shows cancelled!
 I prefer to listen to music than to watch tv. Matthew Bellamy has the record for most smashed guitars on tour. 
 what a waste! I hope he has a guitar deal. Jazz trumpeters grew goatees for comfort...
 Ah, always thought it was just the style. Did you know Queen's guitarist has a PhD in astrophysics? I guess he had a backup plan!
 That's a pretty good backup plan! Eddie Van halen was on Beat it? I had no clue!
 And he set the studio speakers on fire! Oops!
 Oh yeah that is a classic and always will be. I like the movie Green Lantern. Jack Black was originally going to star in it.
 Well The Empire Strikes back was considered a comedy movie back in 1981, and really? Jack Back is one of my favorites
 Yes he is one of mine as well. I want to try to watch third rock from the sun because it won a Golden Globe for best comedy in 1997.
 100 shows? woah thats a lot of them,  I bet they let a lot of people down
 Yes indeed it does. Jazz is played everywhere. One Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for 20 years.
 Yeah I hopefully shouldn't play too late. Those jazz players who play the trumpet grow goatees to provide extra comfort when playing.
 I didn't realize jazz was so global. Even Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. They seem to be doing pretty well.
 I don't about the dating website.
 I recently heard that there are three subway lines used exclusively for members of Congress to move between the Capitol building and their House or Senate office. Crazy!
 There is so much random information available these days. I recently heard that the first woman was elected to Congress in 1916 - before she could even vote in the election! We have come a long way!
 yes women have overcome much in the past  hundred years.
 Staying on the topic of random information. I just saw that when Harry Truman was president, he went to Disneyland. While there, he refused to have his picture taken on the Dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with Republicans. Truth is definitely stranger than fiction!
 Yes he was worried
 There's something for everyone! It's a shock it began as a dating site
 Really?!  That is kind of crazy.  I also remember when they used to restrict the time of videos to like 10 minutes.
 Right. I guess we can all agree to disagree. One thing that we can agree on is how silly it is that the first youtube video uploaded was of a guy talking about elephants!
 Im still surprised that YouTube is as big as it is. Im interested to see what overall bandwidth we will be using in 2020! 
 OH, those companies would be bringing in so much money! What do you think the most liked video is? 
 What type videos do that have that are inappropriate for 18 years old on YouTube? 
 I do, Lets talk about Snakes , in New Zealand they do not have any snakes at all
 There are snakes called flying snakes that are able to launch themselves at their prey
 I dont believe they do. There are legless lizards , they are not snakes but lizards without limbs
 I believe it is hard wired not only in humans but also in monkey's
 I do, lets talk about that next , as of January 2018 they have more then 2.2 billion monthly active users
 Hmmm, did you participate in the burger king promotion? 
 I dont know anymore. The public in Iceland are making suggestions and alterations to their Constitution via Facebook. 
 Myspace had an option at one point to buy Facebook for 75 million in 2005
 Facebook;s minimum age to join is 13 for the most part but variations and local law sometimes effect that also. 
 Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness that is why Facebook is mostly blue, nice chatting with you also
 I think he does, the like button is illegal in some areas in Germany. Nice chatting with you 
 I'm curious why that is... I may google it later.. I'm told our "modern" ancestors came about starting around 315,000 years ago.  So, we haven't really been around that long, relatively speaking
 I'm not sure, I don't think so.  We do have some neat healing abilities though.  They say he can regrow a rib within only 2-3 months of having it surgically shortened.  Say, jumping tracks here, do you follow basketball any?
 Course, I find it simply amazing how much money these guys make in endorsement.  For example, some of them get paid over the money just for wearing certain brands of SHOES.
 For example Lebron had an offer for $10 million from Reebok he turned down, then a year he got a $90 million offer from Nike.  Again, we're talking shoes here!  Wonder if any famous non-athletes get shoe endorsement offers?  LOL
 Yeah, it is amazing!  They say the brain is a lot like a computer!  Speaking of, do you know the space shuttles general purpose computer runs on a mere 1MB of ram?  All this time and still so little memory!
 I heard someone made a working 16 bit computer using minecraft building blocks.  I'm not familiar enough with the game to know how that would work, but it sounds pretty amazing!
 Hey, you too!  Have a great night!
 Yeah.  I had heard about that.  They called it "copy cat."  :) But even if you clone a cat and it looks identical to the original, I wonder if its personality will be the same?
 Well she makes a ton of money I have never actually watched her show. Even back in high school he drew a lot of attention to himself. Over 1000 people would attend his games.
 Ha ha nice maybe I should watch it sometime. LeBron James even rejected $10 million from Reebok when he was only 18.
 Yeah, exactly. I guess NIke gave him $90 million dollars! Thats crazy money.
 Yeah that sounds exactly like a sci-fi movie. In fact I think they made a black mirror episode about that. The space shuttles general purpose computer runs on about 1 MB of RAM. Doesn't seem like a lot.
 Yes, that doesn't seem like anything at all really. We have come so far.  
 Agreed. The Russians have also made some advances themselves. In 1936 they made a computer that ran on water.
 Definitely, he even waited out a deal from Reebok for 10 mil, to get 90 mil from Nike within a year!
 No, very true. Did you know that the space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram?
 I did know that! Did you know Judge judy makes $123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james.
 That's awesome! I couldn't believe that the Japanese baseball fans were surprised to learn baseball is America's national pastime. I'm equally surprised to learn they were surprised 
 No kidding! May even find some old Edgar Allan Poe literature. Speaking of Poe, did you know he only got  $9 for the publication of "The Raven"? That is truly unbelievable!
 ha ha ha, I know. Do you tie all of your shoes the same way since there are 17 ways?
 Really! Its not depressing to me. I love poetry!  Very interesting Art, music and poetry were once olympic sports! 
 yeah I don't think they necessarily need to be on a low carb diet.  Gluten free isn't bad if they have health reasons for needing to do that I suppose
 That is pretty neat.  Her brother is also famous.  He is the lead guitarist and backing vocal in metro stataion
 I know thats true.  She was also in a film called Big Fish
 Also party in the USA was originally written by Jessie J and intended for Jessie J
 in 2001 a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against him
 Really? haha, I would have liked to have heard that! Eminem has had an amazing career. Tupac has music is in the library of congress.
 yes that had to be funny.  Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle, it called "compliment battle"
 Actually, I do not. I don't even like the movies. I do think there is a fan among astronomers, though. As the moon, Titan's mountains are named after Middle Earth.
 Yes it truly is. When Earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 It's insane to think that the UN has an ambassador for extraterrestrials.
 Yes I'm surprised it took them so long to be honest. They only appointed one in 2010.
 That's a lot of walking. Especially since they have to work on Sundays because Amazon has a contract with USPS.
 Yes but I didn't know that they acquired it back in 1998! 
 Really thats interesting.  The first customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.
 did you know that the United States Postal Service has a contract with amazon to deliver packages on Sunday
 I think so.  I also saw that the workers for Amazons warehouse walk b/t 7 and 15 miles each dday
 LOL exactly.  Did you know that Amazon passed up Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States
 Exactly I prefer Amazon.  I just do Walmart for groceries.  I saw that Amazon is the third most valuable public company in the United States.
 Actually I read that they are behind Apple and Microsoft.
 Yes, they might.  They are the largest internet company by revenue in the world
 It might be.  I also saw that after Walmart they are the largest employer in the United States. 
 Well I guess most people dont carry cash so it makes sense.  I was reading that IMBD has been owned by Amazon since 1998.  I didn't know that
 well his wife just through their daughter a huge Barbie themed party as he sits in jail
 switching topics, did you know that in Nevada, the US government owns 86% of the land.
 Did you know the actor Ricky Gervis was a pop singer in the '80s?
 That is cool.  Its also funny that the Indonesia president has 3 pop albums.
 I heard the government has failed to pocket any of Chapo's gains.
 Louder and more homogeneous. I'd say more hideous haha.
 Interesting. Did you know Warner Bros signed a deal with King James for Space Jam. 
 He kind of always knew how good he was. He rejected a $10 million dollar offer from Reebok because he thought he could do better. He was right. A year later he got a $90 million offer from Nike.
 I think so, that is surprising to me. Well, nice chatting with you. 
 He is very smart indeed. But I think mayo is smarter he didn't get caught trying to film a dumb movie about his life with sean penn after escaping and he made it to the old age of 70 years old by flying under the radar.
 Yup I'm constantly on google news looking at whats happening in the government daily 
 They must have done it manually.  I prefer to play piano instead.  I did not know that this instrument was invented in Italy.  I thought it was in the US.
 Maybe it's French? Of course the British wouldn't make it a requirement to be born there, unlike Americans. You can't be President unless you were born on US soil
 Yes, they do help humans and that's alot of dogs, for sure.  I hear in Istanbul they have a system for their stray dogs to get food and water in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.  That's so cool!
 That's interesting to know! I always wondered that about my dogs.  I wonder what my dogs' favorite color is now?
 Hi! Do you like animals? I especially like dogs because they can donate blood at dog blood drives! I haven't tried yet though.
 I just learned that! They have 12 different blood types, which I think is more than humans, but I'm not sure.
 Do you have other pets? I didn't know they can see color! My dog certainly acts like he can't distinguish colors but like elephants, he can understand pointing.
 Oh ok! I would totally love to work for Google some day, the environment and culture seems so fun and hip! They even offer music rooms filled with guitars and drums! Probably to vent out some frustrations and stresses
 Good point! Now I wonder if he was stressed, trying to set a record, or look cool, I think if I were to smash guitars, it would probably be for the latter and then after knowing someone beat my record, I would smash more guitars to vent out my frustrations.
 If I could get away with it, I'd definitely smash some of those too haha. Coins as guitar picks, now that's different! Those must be the successful musicians, well at least Pink Floyd turned a grand houseboat on the river into a floating recording studio called the astoria that's when you know you've made it!
 Yep, Queen is very successful (and my favorite band). The weird thing is their first huge hit was Bohemian Rhapsody which is when they "made it." But even when just recording it, they got to use the same piano as was used for Hey Jude. It was like foreshadowing.
 Did you see Bohemian Rhapsody then? Oh wow, yeah that's pretty cool! Wonder how much pianos weigh on average, because an aluminum grand piano weighed only 356 pounds for the lounge of the airship HIndenburg.
 I learned the flute as part of band in high school but was never good at it, I think I still have it in my attic somewhere, probably needs a deep clean. Me too! The piano sounds so melodic, the BBC even broadcasted piano when there was no news worth reporting
 If I recall , the Honus Wagner baseball card is the most valuable ever.  But once a man found $3 million worth of 1900s cards in his grandfather's attic!
 Wow, you might be rich without even knowing it! 
 I did hear that.  Interesting. I wonder if baseball rules are the same in Japan, where it's an incredibly popular sport? 
 I have seen that...cool.  Canada is confusing, they call Kickball, soccer-baseball?
 I know! Speaking of hats, did you know that in the old west, the most popular hat was a bowler (not a cowboy hat)?  I can't picture Billy the Kid in a bowler!
 That would me amazing. YOu can maybe even play with the goats they hire to graze the grass
 Hahaha. Apparently a single google search uses more computing power than sending Armstrong and 11 others to the moon
 It would explain a lot. It once went down for about 5 minutes. Imagine if that was longer?
 Oh that is funny. Interesting thing about the borders and google maps too, adjusting them to what each country says
 Yeah. the computer in charge of the space shuttle has a ram of only 1mb
 exactly. someone even built a 16-bit computer using only minecraft building blocks
 It is said we do not know more about these people who built the foundations of important things
 Venus is the only planet that does not tilt to it is stuck with only one season all the time
 Yes I do, I think it's because they can actually play in the game if necessary right? Did you know that a seventeen-year-old actually struck out Babe Ruth? I wonder what became of her
 Yes if you catch the ball in your hat then you will get three bases actually, that's actually really good they should try that more often in games
 Yeah that makes sense. Did you hear about the fact that the MLB will typically use about 160,000 baseball's a year
 Yeah I mostly get my news online too. But it is funny to me that the Simpsons was making fun of Fox News so then they were going to sue them LOL
 Wow! That's ridiculous. They would never be successful with parody laws anyway. 
 No I don't think so. But what is also interesting is that Fox News tried to make a conservative Daily Show television show, but it was cancelled after only 13 episodes
 They certainly are not known for their comedy so I am not surprised. Did you know that it was created by Republican media strategist Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon?!
 No I didn't know that. Did you also know that the median age of viewers for Fox News is 68, that is pretty old
 Did you know that baseball is so popular in japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as america's national past time. 
 I learned that they can actually play in the game!
 I always thought they looked silly dressed like that,
 That's interesting, I never would have guessed that just based on the color scheme.
 I've never talked to anyone who got the free whoppers, I applaud your decision. I think it was a great marketing campaign since people still talk about it.
 You traveled to Iceland? it must be a really nice country and yeah Burger King isnt a healthy choice so maybe they dont have one, they sure have Facebook accounts and place a lot of value on them
 No! I had no idea, but I'm sure I could've taken advantage of that. I still use it almost daily, but have already decreased my friend list for privacy reasons.
 No, I didn't know that - but can totally understand why he did it that way. Also I had no idea the 'like' button is illegal in Schleswig-Holstein in Germany. I'm just glad they have other reactions now besides 'like.' 
 If that were still true I might try to find something very big and light to use.  I think tennis is interesting as it is played on different surfaces, hard, grass and clay, and each has it's own style.
 I'm shocked that the Nintendo was discontinued as long ago as 2003, doesn't seem that long ago that it was the in thing.  Good talking to you.
 I think it was called Nintendo 54 at one point. That must be why. It was discontinued in Japan in 2003. 
 He does look like him! Ronald Reagan got rejected for a movie because they didn't think he had a "presidential look"
 That's pretty cool. Speaking of tennis, only one man has ever won the US Open. That was in 1968.
 That was a great idea! The longest tennis match lasted 11 hours.
 Wow. Roger federer has been gifted two cows over his career for winning the 2003 wimbledon and the 2013 swiss open.
 What the hell do you do with a cow?
 Seriously! I wonder who gave them to him? Super weird!
 Roger federer is the first living person in switzerland to be honored with an official stamp.
 I would love a stamp with me on it! In 2016, roger federer suffered the biggest injury of his career when he stretched too far while drawing a bath for his daughters and tore a meniscus.
 Haha. Figures! He has won 20 Grand Slam singles titles. 
 Ain't that the truth! He was in the top ten from 2002-2016 and then again in 2017.
 It was projected that he would have a short career too.
 What! No way! That is crazy, lol. Not presidential enough I wonder who made that call? It was a bad one.
 Man, that is something else. Wow, wait talent. It was in 2016 that Federer suffered the biggest injury to date and of his career. He stretched too far while drawing a bath for his child and tore his meniscus.
 Hi how are you doing?  Did you know When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment
 Yes, that's pretty interesting. There were some great players back then and now. Federer has 30 singles Grand Slam finals. That's a lot! 
 And, I think a four or five hour match is long! I can't believe Federer's worst injury came from giving his kids a bath. That sounds like something I would do! 
 That is so funny! He also is the only living person in Switzerland to have his face on a postage stamp. Not sure if having your face licked is a big honor or not! 
 I never have seen a baseball manager take the field and play a position. 
 Yes, It is big there.  Seems odd that man Japanese fans do not know that baseball is called Americas past time. Japan is full of surprises. 
 It sure is full with suprises I agree with you there, you know a man found like a million dollars worth of baseball cards.
 That makes me wonder why they stopped.  I know that there are 2430 games of MLB played each year.  I am surprised, thats a lot.
 No idea who Demetri is.  3rd rock from the sun beat Seinfeld and friends for a golden globe.  That is a surprise to me.
 I didn't care for Saw. I like Disney,  but hated Treasure Planet. I wasn't the only one, since it was a huge flop.
 Five new comic books does not sound like a lot.  I wonder what he will be paid?
 He actually has the logo of batman etched on one of his molars. Talk about dedication to the character. 
 There have been some real crazy Batman villains, did you see the Lego Batman movie?
 I did not know that,I would have guessed New York as well.
 Did you know that Linkin Park played 324 concerts back in 2001?
 I agree. Wow that's a lot of touring over 20 years as well. 
 Holy cow! In Croatia, there is an ancient Roman amphitheater that is still used today as a concert venue.
 I agree. Creed played a concert that was so bad back in 2002 that four people who attended the concert file a lawsuit against the band.
 Me either. Pink Floyd once recorded a live concert at an amphitheater in Pompeii.
 Yep. I've actually seen that concert on video. It was really good.
 Wow, did not know that. I did see that he has earned over $8.5 billion in film earnings.
 Agreed. Disney once considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleepy Beauty flopped at the box office.
 Yea that was a bad one. Almost seems impossible to believe.
 This is funny.. Marvel comics spent 10 years convincing the us government that x-men are not human.
 Why is that? What does it matter whether they're human or not?
 I think it's funny that Marvel trademarked the names super hero and super villain. What other words could they grab for themselves?
 Comics hold attention, but not because they're funny. In fact, it seems most comic books are rather serious and dramatic. The word "comic" is out of date.
 I laughed when I heard that Ronald Reagan was deemed not presidential enough for a role. I wonder what a president looks like then.
 Wow, that is pretty intense.  
 Yes he did, some of the best graphics. In his death he also brought attention to the fact many in the comic book industry don't have health insurance. Kinda crazy to think about, but I guess it makes sense since they are mostly freelance. Doesn't make it right though.
 The companies you work for should provide it as part of your benefit package especially a large company even if you are technically free lance. He had to start an online fundraiser to cover his medical bills.
 Speaking of great guys, I was just recently watching the latest animated batman movie and a voice in it was so familiar. Turns out it's Weird Al! I love Weird Al.
 I guess he shot out ketchup. But that was also how he was defeated-he slipped on his own ketchup.
 Haha, that is interesting that the Nintendo used to have only 54 colors. I used to think it was awesome.
 He is called the Signal. I guess he fights during the daytime
 I am not sure! They hope that one day he will join the Justice League.
 Ahhh, never thought about that! Have a good one!
 I'm sure it did. I'd also like to get my hands on one of the first typewriters that was made as it was at first called a literary piano, oddly enough. 
 I understand completely! I was always a fan of Abba and was surprised to learn Abba actually turned down $1 billion to do a reunion tour for 100 concerts. That is truly unbelievable. 
 Agreed and you are right about that. Did you ever hear the story of the girl who was on her way to a Dave Matthews concert and saw a cyclist stranded? She stopped to help him and surprisingly enough, the cyclist was actually Dave Matthews. Talk about weird! Wonder if he gave her free admission? Ha!
 Exactly. So are you also a movie fan? I couldn't believe John Carter broke box office records over in Russia after it bombed for Disney!
 Lol, I never knew that. I also never knew the Batman animated show was drawn on black paper instead of white
 I never knew that but makes sense. What doesn't make sense is Michael Jackson trying to buy Marvel Comics just so he could play Spider-man
 Yea, it's also crazy the rights to Superman only cost DC comics $130
 He first appeared in 1939. That is a long time!
 I was not aware of that. That's really interesting. And the Marvel Cinematic Universe takes place in earth-199999 not earth 616 like the comic book. I am not sure exactly what the difference is.
 Yeah, I heard he has a Batman logo on one of his molars.
 Fans were disappointed because after they had been engaged for months, it didn't happen.
 I can think of quite a few places, but one that certainly surprised me was when a group of climbers found a piano at the top of Britain's highest mountain.
 Ha ha. Did you know that there is a song solely composed to stress test auto-pianos & it is not remotely playable by humans!
 Ha ha. Unfortunately, not every band has had great success with their concerts. In 2002 a Creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band!
 Not so much astronomy but I love science in general.  Did you know that Pluto is about 4 billion miles from the sun?
 The temperatures there are freezing! minus 380 F
 Like Earth, Pluto has jagged mountains, plains, and changing seasons.
 that blows my mind that other planets in our solar system are so similar to Earth
 It is really neat.  Ryan Ewing a geologist says that the way they're recognizing dunes is the same way we do identify them on Mars
 Exciting stuff!  Walking on duns would be like walking on sand on Earth
 I don't think anyone here today can be sure.  But more than 80% of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed already
 It's sad.  Did you know that the Earth will be pretty much helium free too by the end of the 21st century.
 Did you know that there is a mars colonization project planned for 2023 which will be funded by creating a reality tv show?
 That always baffles me.  Lichens and cyanobacteria can thrive on Mars but sounds on Mars may have a higher pitch than on earth because of differences in atmosphere.
 Oh nice! My organization is the one who maintains the launch pad if it's going out of Cape Canaveral! I wonder where it's going?
 lol, yes, I heard it was by a reality TV show! Go figure!! That's going to be something else!!
 Me too! 37 minutes!! Did you know you can fly to mars under 2 or 3 days if you fly under constant 1g accelaration? I think that Mars ride at Epcot lets you know how it would feel!
 Oh wow. I did not know that. To put things into perspective, if we viewed all of Earth's history as one day people would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds of it!
 Yes, perception is very interesting. Shockingly a lightning bolt is actually hotter than the sun as well. 
 i know. i do not even understand why she is so popular, it is not like she made anything significant. 
 yeah i guess. she was paris hilton's personal assistant once
 I like them too, good band really. and her father defended oj simpson.
 yeah it is so convenient. it actually requires more computing to do one google search than to send armstrong and 11 other to the moon
 Oh... don't remember that one... and she's a freak if you ask me!
 Did you see that the Ramones toured for almost 20 years straight?
 Very smart! A lot of people drink during the super bowl, so good way to get the message out there! 
 Yeah absolutely! I think the Kardashians were in a commercial once. Her dad was famous after defending OJ Simpson.
 Isn't that wild! I was just going to ask if she was in any commercials this year.
 Really? I had no idea! All I ever hear about is her and Kanye's stiff.
 It really does! I think it's called Selfish too! Did you know she used to be Paris Hiltons personal assistant?
 No that is very funny. I do know that she was in a Fallout Boys music video back in the day.
 I might have to look that up! The only one I have ever seen her in is the one with Kanye!
 Yeah you could probably find it on google for sure! Google is my favorite search tool. They actually mow their lawns at their headquarters with goats!
 Now thats enviormental! I look google too. Did you know they once went down for 5 minutes?
 Yeah man did that cause big problems! It took 40% of web traffic with it!
 That was a big time mess! I read that google also changes it maps when there is a border dispute between countries.
 Yeah I have before they are huge. They played 324 concerts in one year surprisingly!
 So crazy that a single google search takes more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon.
 I think technology is advanced. For google to calculate traffic by tracking how fast androids are moving on the roads is pretty amazing.
 That is an impressive career to go non stop for so long.
 I believe it! Mars is so cool, I'm glad we are getting more research done up there!
 I'm sure we will! I think it is cool that curiosity robot sings happy birthday to itself on mars!
 I didn't hear about that, what happened?
 I did not know that either. That's mind boggling. 
 Netflix has been great. It accounts for so much internet traffic! People want their TV, it seems.
 I doubt it. He'd have to start his own network to get a show. I was surprised that Netflix spends more on postage than on bandwidth. There are over 100 million subscribers, too.
 I'm not too big into the emmy's but I'm surprised to hear Sandra Oh never won one, she's been on tv for a long time
 Nice. Yeah it is. It's the most decorated show in emmy's history.
 Yeah I love Netflix. Game of Thrones gets financed by Ireland to boost tourism.
 Very lush. There is a nat geo show called game of lions that follows the lives of lions like game of thrones characters.
 Yeah it is so often the other way around. very unique. Charlie Chaplin's grand daughter plays Talisa Maegyr.
 Oh man I hated that character! Arya must have been influential because it's one of the most popular baby names now lol.
 Yes I do. That's funny! Hard to believe it was only in 2007 that they started streaming content. Now look at it go.
 Wow. Everyone loves it and for good reason. Blockbuster could have bee involved if they would hae just bought it when they had the chance. 
 Oh interesting I didn't hear about that. Yeah they should have. Because now Netflix is worth 2 billion!
 I agree. Did you know that Linkin Park had the best selling album of the 21st century? That's very surprising to me. 
 Oh wow really? That is surprising to me. I would have thought it was something much more classical. 
 Them or the rolling stones. I guess people really love Linkin Park. I know I enjoy their music. 
 Yes the Stones would also make sense. Did you know that Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums in 2014?
 Wow. You would think that by now everyone who wants a copy would have one. 
 Briefly but not as much as the other bands we have talked about. It was during that whole ska phase. They lost the rights to their old record label so they re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album. I've never heard of a band doing that. 
 if you want to see barack obama, you can apparently just zoom into the white house picture on google maps
 that is interesting, also I guess obama's codename by the secret service was renegade for some reason
 haha well that would explain why none of those people were prosectured after the crash, and apparently even if Obama were born in Kenya he would still be eligible to be president
 I do, I don't like LInkin Park but apparently their hybrid theory is the best selling album of the 21st century so far
 haha good question, I also like Pink Floyd and their album Dark side of the Moon is still a top selling record 40 years later
 haha that is them, I think it's impressive that NWA released an album that went platinum without any airplay or a tour
 haha just release a blank cd! Do you do fantasy football? apparently they have fantasy spelling bees haha
 that does, and yeah people even do fantasy politics and draft congress members, that just seems silly
 oh I bet, speaking of fantasy I think its interesting that a fantasy author was knighted because of how great his writing was
 That is really cool. It was in Pompeii at and Amphitheatre. Back in 1972 And there's no audience that's so weird!
 Yeah that was too bad. One crazy thing that they did was to do 324 concerts in 2001. That is so many and insane
 Hahah that'll do it! do you like The Ramones at all? They also play a lot of concerts
 Yep you're right! Have you ever been to a Roman Amphitheatre? Apparently in Croatia there's one that still puts on concerts
 That is funny! That's a great movie btw, apparently he still makes a lot of money from the Star Wars bet he made with George Lucas back in 1977
 Oh for sure. I can't believe YouTube is the second largest search engine
 So do I. Youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet! I believe that only google is larger than youtube!
 Yep. Police have their own version of youtube called blutube. I wonder who came up with that name.
 The video gangnam style had so many views that youtube had to upgrade to 64 bits!
 I think I will be I'm not in a big hurry.  I guess Ryan Reynolds is the voice of a mystery villain...
 Hilarious. By the way, did you know Deadpool 2 is the highest grossing r rated film ever? 
 I think that may be the original one and the stat's for non-Cameron or Lucas directed films...
 No, are you serious? How much did it cost? 
 I don't know but I bet it's a lot.  Have you read "Ender's Game"?  I guess it's suggested reading in the USMC.
 Was it good?  I guess "DC" stands for "Detective Comics" -- I never know that when I was reading them.
 The comics wouldn't be good having been produced by the government. I guess Stan Lee ends conversations by saying "excelsior!".  Is that a real word?
 Stan Lee has appeared on The Big Bang Theory and he says that there.  For comics, MSU is a good place. 
 He also did the voice of the mystery villain in DeadPool 2. 
 Yeah, games are hard to develop.  DP 1 is the highest grossing R-rated film of all time.  I didn't know it was that popular. 
 Yeah it was a comic book his the eternal rival of wolferine, and really? they trademark that, sounds like a smart move
 I'm not sure.  I suppose it's a tie.  Michigan State U. has the largest public comic book collection in the world.  Take that textbooks! 
 Yes, if reading off the internet counts.  In the 18th century people had a "moral panic" because people were reading novels.  They would totally freak now. 
 I can kind of see that.  It isn't full of giant bugs.  Do you speed read?  The record is 4700 words per minute. 
 Definitely. I feel like it's hard to go wrong with a comic book movie. Deadpool 2 is the 11th installment in the X-Men film series, and that's just one comic book franchise releasing films right now!
 Spider man is a good one! Marvel really has some great characters. Did you know they published a "generic comic book" in order to trademark the names "super-hero" and "super-villain"? Pretty sneaky!
 The words seem ubiquitous! But maybe they have a bunch of lawsuits in a different multiverse! I just found out that the Marvel Cinematic universe actually takes place in a different multiverse than the original comic book universe. Now I see why not everything lines up!
 hey do you like comic books? I guess Stan Lee who created a lot of comic book characters always uses the word Excelsior!
 Sure. Did you know that Marvel published a generic comic book in order to trademark the names super-hero and super-villain
 oh wow no I didn't, did you know that DC stands for detective comics? I never knew that
 wow that is wild, do you watch movies? The movie deadpool is based on a comic and I guess the videogame of Deadpool somehow cost more than the movie they made
 It was good. what do you think about reading 4700 words per minute record?
 Yes, I do. Did you know that on the 18th century there was a moral panic due to the spread of reading of novels?
 That's crazy, why was that even a consideration in the first place, and then they suggested Ender's Game, a science fiction, as reading for military organizations, a little odd.
 Oh, I think I've seen that. That film was an adaptation of a book? Good thing we live in the current century because in the 18th century, there was even a "moral panic" because reading was so widespread! I think we have gone backwards a bit and a lot of people don't read books these days haha.
 Ya I agree.  Reading is great. Apparently the longest piece of fiction is 4 million words long, and it is about a video game called Super Smash Bros.
 Huh, I wonder if that's still considered reading. Maybe if more people read, they would know how to get out of the predicament like when a judge sued a small dry cleaning business for $67 million for losing a pair of pants, I do not know any pants worth that amount of money.
 Speaking of pants.  It was illegal for women to wear pants in Paris, France until 2013.  Can you believe that?
 Does that mean women were only allowed to wear skirts or something? That's insane, I would think that Paris is where fashion originates and people would be more liberal in their fashion adventures!
 Ya apparently.  Women also weren't allowed to wear pants in the US Senate floor until 1993.  I find that so odd.
 I think something MC Hammer wore would be considered baggy, it's also the premise for Aladdin's pants too!
 I'm sure they probably knew nothing of the "ban" since it seems quite ridiculous. 
 I agree. Any examples? 
 It would be a good way to get some exercise during work. I wouldn't want to get too sweaty during the day though.
 That's pretty amazing, I think I perfect sleeping late and playing video games at 15!
 Haha, I realized that after I read what I sent a little more closely. I couldn't imagine if everyone was reading out loud all the time.
 Some of those fan fiction writers are really creative, I can't imagine trying to keep up with that.
 did you know that the seahorse is the only fish that is known to also have a neck?
 yes that is wild, I wonder if there is like, a really old dinosaur fish or something else awesome that hasn't been disocvered yet, we know so little about our own planet still and it's sad that 80% of earths natural forest has been eliminated at this point
 ya that is scary, I know that it's used for balloons but also very important for manufacturing, I hope we can turn our using of resources around, apparently the earth was formed when a day was only 5.5 hours, so I guess the earth would do a complete rotation in that amount of time?
 ya that's what I was wondering, like if days are faster but the earth is the same distance from the sun and moving at the same rate, years would be the same length but just have 5 fimes more days in a year
 ah I see, what's also crazy is that a hockey player can lose 8 pounds just during one game, that's a lot of weight but I bet it takes lots of energy to play a game, you're always moving, plus being cold will burn calories
 Yes, and bundled up in all the layers of clothes and pads and protection and helmet while sprinting up and down the ice for 60 minutes. I wasn't really surprised by that fact when I gave it much thoughts.
 that's true, what is surprising is that in 1993 a hockey player was traded for $1, and later went on to win 4 Stanley Cups, imagine the regret of the first time haha
 yes I agree, my friend played lacrosse in high school but I had never heard of it before he started playing, I've seen it on TV randomly but I always change the channel haha
 Yes, they made the finals. 
 They got a ton of support from their fans. There were 18,042 fans on average at their home games
 That's crazy, I've seen that's over capacity of their arena
 This is surprising given all that there is to do in Las Vegas.
 Did you know that Canada has another national sport besides hockey?
 That's interesting, I would've never guessed that.
 Apparently hockey is a good sport to take up for weight loss. A hockey player can lose up to 8 pounds in a game.
 It's surprising that throughout most of the world, hockey refers to field hockey.
 I agree. In China, they have a fashion that involves layering as many shirts as possible and popping the collars.
 Did you know Polo shirts were invented for tennis players?
 I guess they polo players saw it and thought, we'll have that and put our name on it before the tennis players know what's going on.
 Did you know button down is where the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt?
 The official business and office attire in Hawaii is an aloha shirt.
 Me either. I hate getting dressed up. I saw at Billy May's funeral the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants.
 Me too. Stephen King was terrified of Bambi when he was little.
 I've never seen or heard of that one. I saw watching horror movies can actually make you enjoy art more.
 Must awaken your sense or something.  My son watched a horror movie with me last weekend, as a kid I thought is was scary, he thought it was funny.  I guess tastes change.
 right, same here, im great with everything else of his but the reality of how quickly people fall into those situations still
 lets talk about hockey, Canada had a great winter Olympic season in 1924 scoring 132 goals total 
 ice form, Lacrosse and ice hockey are both Canada's national sports 
 They are the only country in the world that has two national sports 
 There was a hockey player that was traded for a $1 in 1993
 maybe, 8 pounds is the amount an average professional hockey player losses each game. 
 That's  a lot, you could make a lot of money by marketing a diet plan that loses 8 pounds in a single night.  You could have a nice big dinner after and not feel guilty, a fish supper maybe?
 yeah, when they switch to basketball the hockey ring stays under the basketball court 
 Lets talk about the Earth next, it is the third planet from the sun and formed 4.5 billion years ago 
 I guess the rotation of the earth has slowed, a day used to be 5,5 hours,  a work day would have been shorter then.
 yes, the earth has already lost so much of its natural forests, around 80 percent of them 
 From what I hear on the radio it's still losing more, and quickly.  I was also aware that we are losing helium, need to think more carefully about those birthday balloons.
 I did not know that either, The earth by the end of the 21st century will be virtually helium-free
 If you put the earth's history in a 24 hour period, humans only represent 1 minute 17 seconds 
 yeah, the Earth's surface is mostly water, being covered by 71%
 Yes I love that movie. I don't think it was really a horror movie though. Watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories!
 I thought it was kind of scary but yeah, its more like a thriller/suspence movie and 180 calories no kidding?
 Actually I was kind of scared of that movie as a child. The actor who played the boy in the shining didn't even realize he is acting out horror film until several years later.
 Yes I like being fashionable too. Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis players!
 No I'm not sure other than the fact they were invented for tennis players. Official business and office attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt. Must be much more comfortable than a suit and tie.
 Oh that is really cool. Good to know. In British English, the shirt is more specifically a garment with a collar, sleeves with cuffs, and a full vertical opening with buttons or snaps.
 Yes.  The actor who played Ralphie in "A Christmas Story" was the executive producer of Iron Man.  I didn't know that.
 Nice!  do you use facebook?
 I would be afraid I would break it.... Brian May had a degree in astrophysics.
 His ability to build guitars from old parts around the house is impressive.
 Astoria is a floating house boat that Pink Floyd turned into a recording studio. That was not in their bio!
 That is nuts! Facebook has been so popular since mark zuckerberg started it in 2004.
 He is color blind so he made the primary color blue. Who knew?
 I feel like 30% is too many people using it for news. What happened to CNN or Fox or MSNBC?
 It is interesting. That's very sad! There will be virtually no helium left by the end of the century. 
 No, do you? I heard there is a united nations ambassador to extraterrestrials! That would be an interesting job. 
 Definitely! Pluto is no longer considered a planet.
 I heard that.  Apparently there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 F weather.  That sounds dangerous!
 Yeah, I wouldn't want to visit there! 
 I had no idea, that's surprising! The first movie was in 1977.
 That's wild! especially since the franchise is worth $65 billion. 
 That's pretty cool! Lucas is a billionaire because he kept merchandising rights. 
 Quite interesting that he would study fictional planets, though. He seems to be studying why the climate is a certain way, for example, what caused the frozen wilderness on Tatooine
 Actually, Hoth was the frozen planet.
 Denning says that Hoth might have gotten so cold and ended up with very litle CO2 because of a collision on Hoth's continents
 Uranus spins differently than all the other planets. And Venus is different too. It does not tilt, and has no seasons. It is the only planet that rotates clock wise.
 Yes, of course, all the planets are different in some way. And there are many more outside of our galaxy that we can't even fathom. Astronomers detected building blocks of life in a planetary system some 455 light years away.
 Agreed. When the earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 The interior is made of solid iron core, a liquid otter core that generates the earth's magnetic field.
 That Jupiter is a standup planet. Always there when you need someone to block asteroids... Also there in case of an alien invasion, the UN's ambassador to extraterrestrials!
 Could be. I bet we would be surprised in all they did to make movies. Star wars was the first major film to be dubbed into Navajo in 2013. Seems like it should have been done before that...
 Really? I didn't know that. I didn't know Poe was Guatemalan either. 
 Right? James earl jones only spent 2.5 hours recording Darth Vaders lines for Star Wars.
 I agree! He did it for only $7500 too!!!
 That is strange but then again Iceland is a small country. 
 No. I didn't know this what an interesting fact. I didn't even know that Hawaii had a king.
 That is very bizarre. How do people get around in that island?
 Wow. That is interesting. I guess that island has difficulty adjusting to the modern times.
 When I travelled around Japan on my recent trip abroad, I noticed that all their roads are toll roads and it cost me $300.00 to travel across the country.
 You're probably right about that.  I read somewhere that 5000 year old shoes perform better than these modern shoes.  Maybe he was wearing some antiques..lol
 I hear you on that one, I'd like to live in Hawaii where they wear the Aloha shirt as their official business/ office attire.  Wouldn't that be nice?
 Yeah it seems a bit crazy to me. In Maryland, they have created a six mile trail that follows the power lines. 
 I dont understand Japan.  That is easy to say.  $300 to travel across the country.  Seems like a lot.  Maybe flying is safer.
 Ever have a pair of shoes that you can not stand.  Just something wrong with them.  Turns out, 5000 year old shoes perform better in some respects than modern shoes.
 I have. I wonder what makes those old shoes better. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week. That would be pricey! 
 I like hospital shows or drama type shows.  Did you know that there is a website where  you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.  That might be interesting.  I would love to hear "The War of the Worlds"
 Not really but I think dramas on the radio might be interesting.  I read that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama.  He earns $700,000 per episode on  House.
 Yes that is very interesting.  Do you like Steven Spielberg?  He is considered to be one of the founding pioneers of the new Hollywood era and he is one of the most popular directors and producers in history
 Yes, they say that summer was considered at one time to be a bad time to release a movie in the theater because of low sales until Steven Spielberg released Jaws
 Right exactly.  I just saw something I didn't know before.  Steven Spielberg actually played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack.
 Wow it happens that fast?  I have never ridden it before.  I also saw that he makes millions still from Star Wars because of some bet he made with George Lucas in 1977.  I wonder that was all about?
 Oh ok that makes sense.  He sounds like a caring person.  I saw that after filming the Goonies he flew the entire cast out to Hawaii and surprised the director Richard Donner with a cookout
 Wow! What is she best known for?
 That is very true, I guess he wants to stay positive and that is why he stopped making dramas. Did you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor.
 Yeah, he makes $700,00 per episode! That is crazy!
 It was! They say earth will be helium free by the end of the 21st century. No more crazy high pitched voices!
 That is so sad! The UN appointed an ambassador to aliens lol.
 I agree I wouldn't too. I wouldn't buy clothes or cameras from that Alabama store either. They basically sell things found in unclaimed baggage!
 They only wore black for special occasions.
 I completely agree! They probably neglected to tell us a lot.
 I didn't! Well have a good one!
 Yea sharks are really interesting, they can even be trained to bark like dogs
 I used to watch that show as well, that's a lot of money per episode.
 I have been to the ballet, it's amazing that you can see the storytelling in the dance itseld.
 I do, I liked his earlier stuff. He's gotten a little strange now.
 Do you have a favorite tennis player you like to watch? I saw that the quarterfinalist Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer after learning how to play just days earlier, how is that possible!
 Yeah, whatever it is, they have great hand eye coordination! I'm not familiar with John McEnroe. Serena Williams is also a great player, they beat people ranked 200 or worse in tennis!
 Did he yell at the refs, launch the tennis racket into the ground? Oh, that's an interesting point! Even if she couldn't play anymore, she's the co-owner of the Miami Dolphins, so I think she has her future aligned for her.
 It was, it was an earlier round match to, not ever for the championship!
 Well it's pretty crazy that 80% of Earth's forests have been destroyed. Very sad actually
 Haha great question. I wish we could do an experiment to find out. Did you know the earth when it was formed, that a day was only 6 hours long
 The sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years.What would we do with all that energy though? We'd have no place to store it. We'd have to turn on all the air conditioners and space heaters just to use it up. 
 Well, yeah, it's out in space, that's why it's higher. Speaking of high, how high was the UN in September of 2010?
 Oh I see what you're saying. That guy must have a really boring job haha. Also I guess NASA was originally going to put a un flag instead of a USA flag when they landed on the moon.
 Have you heard that Jupiter's moon Europa might have jagged ice spikes? Pretty neat!
 Haha, interesting! But in the future scientists may want to do missions looking for possible alien microbes in the liquid water.
 Yeah, and it's neat how there are several forms of ice.
 It is surprising that days used to be only 5.5 hours long. I can't get enough done in 24 hours, ha
 That is crazy. Well maybe we will have to move to another planet and destroy it as well. The UN has appointed an official ambassador to alienates in case we ever made contact.
 I'm on the fence. I guess we can't live on the moon, though, since moon dust is harmful to humans. It causes a disease called moon hay fever.
 Yeah, I wonder. I'd love to visit the highest point on the moon though I doubt that would be possible. It is 1938 meters higher than Mt. Everest.
 I know, I use it alot too! its always there to go to!
 Agree, One single Google search requires a huge amount of computing power.
 More than for Neil Armstrong and 11 astronauts to the moon!
 Instead of mowing the lawn, they eat the grass at the headquarters.
 Yes, you see that alot in Europe too! 
 Yes, I know. Hard to believe red and blue colors started  for both parties in 2000.
 Yes, Thats what surprised me too! At least that what I always saw.
 Yes, Republicans were the only party that had presidents with beards. lol Great chat!!
 lol, I know, crazy! Good to be tall to win the election. They win most of the time.
 I like both of them. I didn't know that Elvis dyed his hair. I just assumed it was natural.
 I didn't know that Freddie Mercury wrote a song for Elvis. I didn't get an Elvis vibe from the beat. 
 ah yup, don't think he could have predicted Hugh Laurie making 700k per episode of house though haha
 well I'll check it out, I like Michael Caine a lot, funny he got into acting because of all the pretty girls
 ya I agree, I guess he wanted to build a 50 foot robot of himself and have it roam the nevada desert, that sounds awesome!
 haha ya, did you play sonic 3 as a kid? MJ helped to write some of the songs
 ya they do, also MJ wrote the simpsons song do the bartman, which is pretty awesome, he was very prolific
 I hope they find life elsewhere that would be interesting hope I can be alive as well, you know we have an Alien ambassador appointed by the UN?
 Yeah, that's a nice feature.  You could also fit all the planets between the Earth and the moon with room to spare.
 Yeah, can't see it either.  It would have to exceed Evan Almighty as the most expensive comedy to make it work.  
 That does seem very, very odd.  Odd like Mortal Kombat being the first game to surpass Hollywood box office sales.
 Yeah, it had to be spinning pretty fast for that. Maybe that's what happened to the dinosaurs, they got flung off into the atmosphere. Did you know that UN has an alien ambassador?
 Yeah, it makes us seem pretty small. The other thing that's going on is all the helium in the atmosphere is expected to be gone by the end of this century. That's scary.
 Yes, I love it.  I tell you I did not know one of my favorite bands from my youth, Whitesnake, has had over 50 members throughout its history.Totally amazing.
 No, I think that honor goes to Metallica.  They're my favorite all time Rock band. It's funny to think that Sonic the hedgehog was originally supposed to be a member of a Rock band. Lol
 That
 Sorry, premature send... The "'" button is too close to enter this morning... no coffee... That's odd that he was supposed to be in a rock band... Did you know Flaming Lips has the state song for Oklahoma? I wonder if they are from there. Interesting choice....
 Dang! I might have to start watching them as part of my workout routine... I'll watch a dozen a day and get my summer body!
 That's what I said, easy workout. I have always liked ,The Shining, with Jack Nickelson, and that little boy that played Danny didn't have a clue he was acting in a horror film until many years after. 
 Yes crazy rich asians was good
 yea. what other movies do you like?
 I think the comedy films are great too. Surprised about evan almighty
 did you know Evan almighty was the most expensive comedy film made
 Did you know 3rd Rock from the Sun beat out Seinfeld for the Golden GLobe award?
 I did not know that what article is that from?
 I'm not sure. But Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentin'es Day. That's crazy, 
 wow was that done on purpose?
 Not the kind of movie I would take someone on Valentine's Day. 
 I think it was funny Green Lantern was suppose to star Jack Black
 from fact section here 
 OMG yes. I cant wait for all the remakes
 Disney actually considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty bombed at box office. 
 well it was nice talking to you
 bye now
 He kept his job?  That was amazing.
 Yep, and US states have state rock songs too! Oklahoma's state rock song is "Do you Realize?" by the flaming lips
 Those are more fun and less bloody, I think.  Apparently, Stephen King was terrified to see Bambi, the movie, when he was a child.
 That was it - thank you for telling me.  It had nothing to do with Bambi itself.
 No, I did not.  Thanks for the info.  Danny, the boy from the Shining, did not know he was acting in a horror film until much later.
 I wondered who started that technology.  The waterphone instruments are effective in making scary noises.
 Google uses goats for mowing the grass instead of hiring people.
 Yes it did and took 40% of the web traffic with it.
 That's interesting! Did you know every president with a beard was a republican.
 Really, None of them? I thought it was before the year 2000 when they started using red and blue for the election.
 Yes, he didn't want to be associated with the republicans. I didn't know Disney is related to the republicans?
 At that time maybe it was. I didn't think it's that way today? not really sure.
 Well I believe that. That makes sense, of course. Its interesting since the 1900's 75% of the time the taller candidate has won.
 Nice. Apparently music was the only class he failed in school.
 He was a legend in deed. He was a huge simpsons fan and even wrote the song "do the bartman"
 Yeah, he was involved in a lot of stuff, even the soundtrack for sonic 3
 Yeah, I guess Jackson's llama being in the studio took precedent.
 Everyone loved Elvis. His daughter was even married to Micheal jackson.
 And so they come full circle. The two greatest American singers have a family connection!
 It is great, I loved it and there is someone impersonating the voice of Elvis in it. It was Kurt Russell of all people.
 I do enjoy some rap. There's this fascinating new group called Clipping that does sci-fi epics in rap. But I don't care for Drake or most other mainstream rap.
 i think it's great that you did that and i'm sure your friend will always remember that.  the folks who become famous poets are surely gifted.  did you know that Poe only got $9 for the publication of his classic poem "the raven?" amazing.
 fascinating.  i wonder if the poet who wrote that meant it to be that way, or if it just turned out that way.  
 i have always found the universe such a fascinating.  Did you realize that a mars colonization project planned for 2023 is under way? can this really happen? sounds like something from "x files"
 You have some very good points! They could use a sci fi set and make us think it is on Mars lol but yes! I am a firm believer that we are not the only planet in this vast universe to have life living on it. 
 i hadn't thought of that...a sci fi set and make us think it's Mars! reminds me of people who think that we didn't really go to the moon.  i know someone who thinks we didn't go because the flag wasn't blowing.  then someone else told me that due to the atmosphere there it couldn't move.
 Lol, I love conversations that get deep like this so thank you so much! I truly believe there is something after death, my whole family has died and I have feelings and smell certain perfume or cologne, have heard whispers....I think we live on somehow! That's a whole other conversation! Yes our time is up so I am going to end this now, thank you so much!!! 
 I think it is awesome. Wonder if we will be able to fly to Mars soon. If we traveled at 1g acceleration it will only take two or three days.
 Right, if only we could beam ourselves like in Star Trek. So Lichens and Cyanobacteria are a type of life from our planet that would be perfectly fine living on Mars.
 I'm not sure though SpaceX sure seems to think so. There's a reality tv show for a Mars colonization project planned for 2023. That seems a little close to me.
 I have! I heard Edgar Allan Poe did not receive very much money for it!
 Oh, wow. Anne Jones would read that poem in a snap. She has a reading speed of 4700 words per minute.
 No I figured he graduated much younger. I like to listen to tupac, his music is in the library of congress
 Interesting, I didn't know he was into children's books. Eminem was into comics
 I never knew that. I also never knew apple had a clothing line in 1986
 I'll have to google it. I never knew people check collar gaps on your clothes to tell if they are tailored
 Yea, I like the old eminem music too, funny he wanted to become a comic book artist as a kid
 I have read Sirens of Titan, but it is not much about space travels. But I love outer space, it is crazy to think that Lichen could survive on Mars. 
 Yeah some languages like arabic are read from right to left. The record for more word read in a minute is 4700, I don't know how it was done. Certainly not a book. 
 No I didn't but that doesn't sound very fun haha. Did you ever play the video game GoldenEye 64? I played that a lot back in the day, apparently eight out of the nine developers have never even worked on a game before creating that game
 No I'm not either. I'm glad he's getting a lot of work though. It's crazy that games today can actually make more money than a Hollywood movie, we've come a long way!
 Yeah they probably sound the same since their brothers haha. I also think it's wild that more games are banned in the country of Australia than China, you only hear about the Chinese government Banning things but never Australia
 Yeah I definitely would have gone to jail as a kid because I played video games past midnight lol. On a different topic though what do you think about planet Earth? Did you know that it's four times as dense as the sun
 Are this pretty incredible, I'm shocked that the magnetic field of the earth reverses every 200,000 thousand years, I wonder if it will reverse in our lifetime that would be scary
 Pretty scary. speaking of scary, Google apparently uses about 0.01% of worldwide electricity, I think that is a lot for just one company
 That's really crazy! It's also crazy that Google calls their new employees nooglers LOL I don't know what that means
 Thanks it's been fun chatting with you as well! And keep in mind that next time you use Gmail, Google actually bought that domain name from Garfield lol they used to use gmail.com as their email domain at garfield.com
 Oh yeah for sure. We became modern in terms of behavior 50,000 years ago!
 Good question I also wonder that. Humans are really a miniscule part of earth though.
 Yeah what does that sound like? Up in space humans can't burp...because there is no gravity!
 Yes me too. I have actually heard that yes. Humans also get goosebumps because it used to make us look larger!
 Haha not a bad idea! Unlike other mammals we humans can't breathe and swallow at the same time!
 It absolutely is. If you start working for google they call you nooglers lol!
 Whoa very innovative. Wonder if that would work in todays day and age? The first google computer was housed in lego bricks!
 Oh wow, that's awesome. I guess the bot is going to take on a team of 5 players who are professional! 
 Oh wow, that can be kind of creepy lol, I know bots are programmed by humans but it is so interesting how they act and think. They say this particular bot is changing the way humans are using strategy and thinking and how they look at strategies, very interesting!
 It is and it is kinda scary.  The bot in the article learns from expert humans -- even some really unorthodox strategies. 
 Laptop.  Funny humans can regrow ribs in only 2-3 months.
 I heard about that, I wish we could regrow limbs. I was reading on a Google search that Transhumanists think it would be a good idea to upload their minds to the computer....very strange!
 I'm old enough that I would be happy just to regrow hair.  I hope these Transhumanists have more RAM than the Space Shuttle did.  Only 1MB!
 The space shuttle only had 1MB of ram? Wow, that's crazy! About as nuts as the Russians made a computer that ran on water....
 Also crazy is a 16-bit computer that was build out nothing but basic Minecraft blocks.  
 Right? So many interesting facts. I was just reading on Google that the AI bot playing games was trained daily and the information it received was equal to 180 years of playing time by humans, I am so interested in those bot now lol....
 Coo.  Do you remember on 08/16/2013 that Google went down and took out 40% of web traffic?  I don't...
 Nope I don't remember that but that is huge! I love Google, looks like many others do too!
 I know that is too bad. Nice chat
 Now that's amazing... I wonder how good is acoustic there ! ;)
 Fun fact - Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.. wait... trees are evolving ?
 Yeah, I'm going to pass on that one... what would be a treat ? ;)
 Theres probably a process that goes with it.  I don't think the shark chooses lol Great white sharks congregate in the middle of the pacific ocean in an area known as the white shark cafe
 I had no idea about that. I'm not surprised though since the bodies were contaminated by their surroundings.
 There looks like there were a bunch of people that were all injured around there.
 Then there was the stuff going on with the Immigration. There's a lot going on.
 It's actually odd to think that there are people in Indonesia that has sharks for pets. I think culture plays a lot in terms of what we deem normal.
 Hey, have you ever been to a concert? Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.
 Me too. And the Ramones played 2263 and toured nonstop for 20 years!
 I hope that doesn't happen. They're so smart that they can be trained to bark like a dog.
 Really? a shark that barks I have to look that up lol that is amazing
 And they don't have rib cages, so their weight on land can crush their own body.
 I've heard that sharks have rescued sailors before. I don't know if I believe that. Maybe if they were Nurse Sharks. ahahaha
 Personally I really like elephants. How about you? And apparently there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth. I've never even heard that high of a number before haha
 That's a lot! Did you know that the Loch Ness monster is a protected species?
 ABBA scored my favorite musical Mamma Mia too. 
 I haven't seen that one yet, is it good? I think it's hilarous that a woman on her way to the Dave Matthews concert, helped him while he was stranded.
 Back then, that was a lot of money. It still is, when you factor in inflation. Nixon wrote a piano concerto, I didn't know he studied music.
 I never knew that either, I did know that Pink Floyd played for an empty amphitheatre in Pompeii, that had to be awesome.
 I used to, but I haven't been with them for awhile.  Might if I ever get some extra money rolling in.  LOL.  But yeah, it's amazing how HUGE they are!
 They are!  From 9pm to 12am they use 33% of bandwidth in N. America.
 Did you know the guy who invented it came up with the idea after racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs rental?  That's kind of funny!
 Yeah, I heard about that.  They were offered to buy it for $50 and they said no, now it's worth like $2 billion!  I bet someone is kicking themselves over missing out on that!
 Like something out of The Matrix?  Yeah, I guess it's possible, but even if it was there's no way to know, so you'd really just have to keep living "as is" (if that makes sense.)
 I watch part of it then fell asleep.  I didn't know it was derived from Walter ELIAS Disney...
 Yeah, that's a neat little factoid.  Another neat thing is they got all sorts of hidden "Mickeys" (ie Mickey Head shapes) all over the various Disney resorts.  People make it a game to find them.
 Are they worth anything?  I didn't realize Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva...
 Yeah, that surprises me.  I didn't think too many still got the DVDs in the mail, but I guess there's still some people out where internet isn't so great so streaming isn't really an option.
 I'm not even sure how that would WORK given what he know about atoms and stuff.  Unless they're trying to say the electron is so BIG that the entire universe is in it... (shrugs)
 Yeah, it's crazy on the surface... Crazy like Disney's Big Hero 6 used a 55,000 core computer to render it.  Wow, I am typing this on a 4-core computer...  Humbling...
 Wonder how long the film took to render on that thing?  Bet you could play a mean game of Fortnight (or whatever is big now) on a computer like that!  ;)
 Wow!  That is pretty incredible.  Id love to see it.  I wonder if it made its way to a museum somehow.
 Yes I would love to visit there. I would also love to go to a dog concert LOL apparently they play high frequencies that only dogs can hear
 lol  That's interesting!  Would be funny to see the dogs reactions.
 Yep I like Abba a lot, it's crazy that they turned down a billion dollars to do a 100 concert tour
 Haha that's a good point! Do you ever listen to Foo Fighters? Apparently their concerts were so loud they show up on seismic monitors
 Wow that's very cool! Also cool is that steam pianos are a thing, you can actually hear their notes from miles away
 That would be sad if it did go down with the Zeppelin, very strange that Richard Nixon could play the piano and actually did a performance for The Tonight Show
 That seems really nice! I wish they would do that today, what do you think about the mysterious mute man who they found in England and he could only communicate through with a piano, that should be a horror movie
 I am a fan of Disney movies and I didnt know that I watch the movie but I guess I didnt pay much attention to that detail. It's been great chatting with you as well. 
 Yes, I do too! I have other places also, like Hulu and Amazon prime. Think blockbuster made a mistake.
 It's amazing that everything still streams so smoothly when Netflix sometimes gets up to 33% of all bandwidth in North America.
 Yes it does. Good idea of google to use goats to keep lawn mowed!
 Oh yes, like that. A single google search computes alot of power!
 Yes, i think so. Didn't know Toyota owns %10 of Tesla.
 lol, I love big trucks too! All American!! Didn't know Tesla helped to develop Toyota's 2nd Gen Rav4 Great Chat!
 Hello,  do you like Netflix?
 I see,  it's a great service.  Looks like Netflix spends more money on postage than bandwidth,  that's really interesting! 
 That's hilarious!  I guess that's when all the good ideas come to someone,  when they are fed up with what already exists. 
 Voltron!  What a classic,  that's amazing!  
 Omg,  really?  I use to love She-Ra,  saying it now sounds kinda funny.  Like what kind of name is that lol I also,  like Walt Disney,  Did you know Wall-e was named after walt disney?
 I think you mean stars!  Got it!  Yeah isn't that amazing!  
 yeah,  I wonder what makes them think that.  
 Yeah,  what a missed opportunity on their part!  They would still be in business if they had bought Netflix!
 Can you believe that Netflix and YouTube make up half of the internet traffic in America?
 lol I absolutely love that nowadays we don't have to been home at a certain time to watch a show,  streaming has changed lives!
 Agreed!  lol Well, its been fun,  have a good one. 
 Sounds cool, I've never seen that.  I do know that Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road.
 I bet, what's even more interesting is that Google went down August 16, 2013 and took 40% of web traffic with it!
 It's actually quite popular around the holidays for people to sit and watch that log burning in the fireplace.  Who would have thunk it?  I read somwhere that Google once used goats to mow the grass around their headquarters instead of  people.
 Yes, they are.  Getting back to Netflix, did you know they spend 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth?
 Yes, they do.  Did you realize Blockbuster turned down several offers to buy Netflix for $5o million and now Netflix is worth $2 Billion.  Can you say Blockbuster, who?
 Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone! That's a lot of shows!
 I read that and want to know who actually dragged a piano up there. You have to be dedicated to climbing and the piano!
 That's one great sherpa! There's a piano that freddie mercury used to write bohemian rhapsody and paul mccartney used for hey jude! Now thats a good piano!
 Yeah. I guess it is not playable by humans...
 I do, actually! I just can't believe he graduated high school at the age of 25 back in 2012. What about you?
 So true! But can you believe Beiber has yet to have a number one single in both the US and Great Britain? 
 I didn't know that, because they make good money, maybe bad Investments.
 It's possible. One former player chose upfront money over a stake in Nike, which was a bad financial decision on his end
 Ok, but I think Michael Jordan made lots of money from Nike shoes and shirts, I guess it depends on your nba performance.
 True. The league wasn't formed until the 1940s, which is fairly recent compared to other popular sports
 Yes that did sound strange, I didn't know the reason for his comment, did you know the reason for that comment?
 It doesn't surprise me too much, such a young guy when he started, but lived as an adult.
 He was on an episode of MTV's silent library when he was only 15. That's pretty young
 Of course it was in NY. They even have international offices there
 If you take the average per playter, basketball players are actually the best paid athletes in the world. I guess that shows how much of a team sport it is
 It is, he had a lot of oceans to cross.
 yeah our tolls are pretty high too but you can avoid if you're willing to give up some time.
 yeah, weird right? When I think of pilgrims, I think pretty drab clothing.
 See this one under Gucci about the first woman to run a major motion picture studio who sold toilet paper on which she put the gucci logo?
 I wonder if Rick Harrison was ever charged with selling fake Gucci bags?
 Me either. I try to stay trendy and I appreciate the artistic side. What is cool is that humans decided at some point that clothing is necessary and we are the only species to do it.
 Yea, although people like the Greeks didn't make the smartest fashion choices by putting asbestos into their clothing
 Haha that seems like a pretty dangerous eruption. Like all of a sudden it could explode and blast your clothes into the sky
 Yeah she's really an interesting person outside of being an actress. She served in the Israeli defense force for 2 years! She might not be wonder woman in real life but she can still take on bad guys. 
 Yes actually! They are worth mega bucks these days. I recently got into vintage clothing, well I discovered some old clothes I had are now worth money lol. No apple shirts anymore though.
 Possibbly
 Would they pay their taxes in kibble.
 I agree. I love nature. Did you know there are 20 quintillion animals on Earth?
 I agree. Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 I had no idea either. Germany became the first country to give animals constitutional rights.
 Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when land animals had both gills and lungs.
 For sure. The loch ness monster is actually a protected species lol. Even though it may not even exist. 
 I agree. The first cloned pet was a cat.
 It says it was a cat and they named it copy cat lol.
 I did not know that. Pretty crazy I agree. I would not want a pet tiger.
 HAHA. Roosevelt had over 20 pets, including a bear and a hyena.
 I didn't know that.  They always show them in black when you see paintings of them
 I know, right? They only wear black for special occasions. 
 Right. I found out there is a store in Alabama that only sells clothes and stuff from unclaimed baggage at airport. I want to see that!
 She really was. And she thought she was auditioning for a cat woman role. She was a perfect Wonder woman in the movie.
 I agree.  I can't imagine anyone else in that role.  I remember reading the comic book.  I can't believe she has been around in the comic book world since the 1940's
 No, thats insane dogs have that many blood types, it must be tough for dogs to donate dogs
 I'm shocked that DC was able to snag the honor of highest grossing superhero origin movie. I would have thought Marvel would take that. 
 I agree. Maybe Marvel has saturated the market with all of their movies...
 I know. Can you imagine some of the great films of the past that would not be released because they studio might think it would flop?
 I agree. I think their parents need to pull the reins back a little for some of these youngsters. My daughter watches YouTube kids and they have like 7 year old stars on there!
 Everything about the funeral is hierarchical, cementing the status of the dead person's family
 I love Animals. Isn't it amazing that there are more than 20 quintillion on this planet?
 Yeah, that's cool.  They also speak different "languages" or "dialects"  I didn't know that!
 Fascinating!  I also didn't that they had dominant paw like humans have a dominant hand
 There are it's crazy!  There are some crazy stats out there too, like there are more pet tigers in the u.s. than there are wild tigers in Asia.
 Right! I mean I guess some people like crazy pets. Teddy Roosevelt had something like 20 pets, even a bear and a hyena which is insane.
 At that point you are really just a zookeeper lol.  Pets put people at greater risk in a disaster since they are more likely to stay put.  Didn't know that!
 I didn't either! It makes sense though. I also didn't know there are less kids under 15 than pets in japan. 
 I never thought about that.  Interesting!
 Really? that must be really expensive, Babe Ruth was a golfer as well.
 He's awesome. He apparently set his speakers on fire recording his solo for Michael Jackson's Beat It.
 Thats crazy! so much power in those hands lol. Matthew Bellamy, the guitarist from muse hold the record for smashed guitar on a tour.
 I thought so too! People put on such a front, but when they are alone, it is completely different. 
 I read a cool fact about reading. The world record for speed reading is 4,700 words per minute. Can you believe someone can do that? 
 That is right. I can't imagine how much she had to practice to achieve that.
 I am not sure how the brain is even able to comprehend that many words in such a short time. I know when I read a lot my mind begins to wonder, I couldn't stay focused that long. 
 No, I don't play either, but they are interesting. I just can not believe how much water golf courses use. 
 Yep, that's how much they use. The total space taken up in America by golf courses is more that the space of RI and Delaware combined.
 That is way too much water if you ask me.Yes, I've heard that Babe Ruth at one time was America's most famous golfer.
 I have heard that Jackson has it written into his move contracts to let him play golf two times a week.
 Yeah, I'm sure he is a contract expert. LOL on the Wikileakes. Did you know the government owns 86% of the land in Nevada?
 What! 86%? No, I had no idea but it makes sense they would keep it a semi secret. I want to hear about more countries that donate to things like the rainforest. I think Norway did that.
 Yes, they did. Quite different from what the man in France did. He sold the Eiffel tower not just one time, but two!
 I'm sure he's fun. So do you play guitar? I really like Queen's Brian May. It's pretty amazing that he has a PHD in astrophysics.
 Eddie actually set the studio speakers on fire during the recording!
 No way, that is crazy and just as crazy as their music! I had read that Matthew Bellamy holds the record for the most smashed guitars.
 Soubnds like he is a pretty crazy player, but I have not heard of him before.
 Legos are cool unless you step on them in the middle of the night barefooted. The are a quality product with only 18 out of 1000000 being bad. 
 Yeah, since they make soooo many.  If they were divided among all the people in the world, each person would have 86 Lego bricks. 
 Agree.  I wonder if anyone panicked when it was discovered that Uranus rotates on its side unlike the other planets?  
 I didn't realize the large asteroids were ever classified as planets. I never saw them included in a list of planets before 2006.
 I see they are also the world's largest tire manufacturer for their mini wheels haha
 Exactly. And people really appreciate that.
 I LOVE Pokemon.  We play all the time - cards, video game, Pokemon GO.  What sort of Pokemon do your nephews like to play?
 a 1500 pound duck would be so terrifying lol, the horse sized ducks would be rowdy but so cute lol
 Good. Yes I do. I always had pets. I had a seahorse in my tank growing up. Did you know it is the only fish that has  a neck.
 And what is funny is Clint Eastwood who has done a million movies with horses became allergic to them later in life. I get it though my daughter got allergies at 18 from stuff she ate her whole life.
 That must have made the school mad. Here in Florida people ride horses everywhere.
 No, but my daughter has a friend that has like 10 and it is very expensive.
 I don't know. Did you know that the black swallower fish could eat prey twice its length and ten times its weight. It must have a big mouth.
 Funny. I think its strange that Google prefers dogs to cats and they have it specifically written in their code of conduct. What if you do not like dogs can you not work for them?
 That's what I was thinking.
 You too. Goodnight
 Bye
 You too. 
 I am not getting one
 it just came up. Goodnight.
 bye
 It's amazing how far they have come from the 1mb of ram that was able to run the space shuttle's computer
 Me too. That's a lot of species! I saw there are over 20 quintillion animals on Earth. 
 I did not see that. I do like that idea though. I think animals need to be protected more.
 Interesting. I saw animals get white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 I did see that. We don't even know if it is even real lol.
 That's pretty cool. Hiccups are from back when land animals had both lungs and gills.
 Me either. I would love to have gills. How cool would that be?
 For sure lol. Did you know humans lost their body hair around 240,000 years ago?
 I guess so lol. There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans. 
 I am as well. I will help any animal I can. Did you know that there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth?!
 I wonder why as well and will have to research that more. I do not see any reason for it either. I was also not aware that hiccups are left over from when land animals had both gills and lungs.   
 I was not aware that they did. I'm not sure how that is possible. I'm assuming it would have been extremely limited in it's abilities. The space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram. That blows my mind especially with as much data as we can hold on just a flash stick or SD card now. 
 I find that hard to believe. Very interesting. I did not know that smoking near apple computers voids the warranty by making it a biohazard. 
 I did not know that either. I don't know why it would be a biohazard but I understand it voiding the warranty because the nicotine would gum up the internal parts. Someone built a working 16-bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks. It's amazing how far we have come!
 It certainly is. Around 1 million alone are just insects. 
 I'm not sure.  Seems like there would be constant issues.  United states postal service has a contract with amazon to deliver your packages on sunday.
 I did see that and didn't realize that.
 Yep, Korean rappers developed a new form of freestyle rap called "Compliment Battle."  I think rap is banned in N. Korea. 
 I think it's funny that in 2001, a Michigan judge delivered her ruling with rap.  
 I didn't realize Drake was so young, only graudating HS in 2012.
 Hi! Are you a fan of the Canadian rapper Drake? I am and can't believe he graduated high school at 25. That is crazy!
 Absolutely, I check out artists playing locally like that all the time.  400 hours of content are uploaded to youtube each minute!
 Wow.  That's a lot of memory for them to store that.  It is the second largest search engine on the internet
 Yes its insane.  A billion hours of content are watched every day!
 I just heard that police actually have their own youtube called bluetube!
 I love youtube!
 It is! Oh my goodness! That would be terrible for him!
 Oh wow! I had no idea. He bought first edition copies of Charlottes web and winnie the pooh while in the UK.
 Thats really neat! I've read that he likes to play fortnite too!
 Really? That is so weird. They are always depicted as having such drab clothing. 
 I had no idea a cat had ever been cloned.
 Hello, that was new information to me as well! 
 Seems a bit odd considering the overpopulation problem we have as it is lol
 This is true, I wondered if the cat behaved in the same ways as the original. 
 Great.  Do you like to go to concerts? Wow, Linkin Park played 324 concerts in the year 2001!
 Even the Ramones have played 2,263 concerts.  They toured non-stop for over 20 years.  No wonder they wanted to be sedated!
 I didn't know Google went down for 5 minutes in 2013.  I probably blamed my ISP.
 Yes, Google is huge.  Funny, a single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon!  Amazing nerds with slide-rules! 
 It is kind of scary... Scary like Google using goats to mow the lawn.  I would hate to get that vet bill. 
 A few.  I know that it has a peak that is higher than Mt. Everest at 1,938 meters higher. No fair, the moon has 1/6th the gravity.
 Slide-rules?  Mars has lame moons.  They aren't even spherical. There best moon, Phobos, is hollow and looks like a tortured potato. 
 Yeah, I think I saw the aliens that did it the other night and then they quit giving me beer.  Wow, there may be life on Saturn's moon Titan... 
 yes, lets talk about wonder women. It earned a lot of money, being the highest grossing superhero origin movie and WW1 movie
 interesting, 2017 was the first time since 1958 that the 3 highest grossing films had female leads
 yup, she also was in the Israel defense forces for two years, that must have helped her also
 yeah, the character came a long way figuring she started as a secretary when she first joined the justice society. 
 Lets talk about Facebook next. Myspace could have bought Facebook for 75 million , i'm guessing they regret that choice not to
 schleswig-holstein in Germany made the like button illegal 
 that's interesting. the reason for the blue color scheme is because zuckerburg suffers from colorblindness 
 Really? That is actually surprising. Just as surprising as Iceland rewriting their constitution via Facebook. I wonder if they regret doing that.
 Let talk about Superheros next, in the united states there are over 300 of them 
 I like the idea that there is a series dedicated to fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes. 
 that's is a tough one, maybe I do overall. There is a normalman superhero which is interesting. 
 me too, the loss of Stan lee is huge since he wrote 15 dc comics 
 Agreed he also re-imaged batman and superman
 i use google for everything. did you know a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon
 wow in 2013 google went down for a mere 5 minutes and took 40% of web traffic with it
 ooooh ya floppy disks like true FLOPPY disks and a big huge box for a monitor and green lettering lol. google reorganized in 2015  and created alphabet corp. google is actually a subsidiary now. 
 speaking of huge. at the moons highest point its 1938 meters which is taller than everest
 moon dust cuts through kevlar. so yes the moon is not safe
 I find it interesting that it was George W Bush who had them installed
 Did you know google prefers dogs to cats?
 That is neat. And they can donate blood as well
 2011 i think the way they sound .... as good as before 
 just a little bit too old , not fan of pink floyd, i prefer peter gabriel 
 to me a concert is something magical theres so much energy , it makes u feel energized and alive
 Its an experience more then it is an event. Do you know how many concerts the ramones ended up playing in total during their whole career?
 no ,how many 
 Yes she was! it's crazy that Wonder Woman was the highest grossing superhero origin movie of all time though
 Haha that's a completely different movie, did you know that she actually served as a soldier in the Israeli military?
 That is crazy. Probably my least favorite superhero would be normal man because he doesn't have any powers LOL
 Wow I didn't know that, he was very talented! What do you think about a comic book series about fixing the collateral damage that was caused by a lot of superheroes? That's very realistic ID I think
 I did hear about that, they put it offer 75 million and  Myspace refused LOL talk about a bad idea
 I love cats but that surprises me. I know that the first cloned pet was a cat. 
 That makes sense. So weird that they would have no predators. Speaking of more exotic pets, Theodore Roosevelt had over 20 pets including a bear and a hyena. How in the world o you keep those dangerous animals?
 Very sad to hear that. I don't understand why you would do that. Apparently the white house still uses floppy disks somewhat for storing files? I don't know when the last time I saw one of those was. 
 Wow! That's crazy. I didn't know they still made them. I was shocked in 2011 when it took them four days to discover that there were bullets stuck in the white house. That's terrifying! 
 Did you know that back in Caesar's day, people bred chickens for entertainment not for food?
 Really, thats kind of crazy.  I heard the NFL is categorized as entertainment, not sports
 That is curious I had not heard that.   The entertainment industry is funny - Ronald Reagan was once rejected from playing the president in a movie because he did not look presidential
 Nice.  Ice hockey is a lot of work to play - a typical pro will lose 8 pounds a game!  I need to get on that diet plan
 Really? India had a hockey team? and they managed to win against the US? I guess hockey wasnt a big thing at the US at the time
 That happened back in the year 1993, strange thing but the player ended up winning 4 Stanely cups after that
 Wow.  Amazing investment for the other side.
 oh ya me too, crazy it came out in 1985 and was finally ended in 2003
 oh ya those are good, its funny looking back that the NES only had about 54 colors to work with
 oh ya might be millions! good thing we don't live in roman times they used chickens for entertainment haha
 ya I did, I guess he got his start by winning a steve martin lookalike contest
 haha, what do you think about Ronald Reagan being told hes not presidential?
 In must have been in the 70s, I don't think Steve Martin was popular enough  later to desserve a lookalike contest.  
 No I didnt, I just found out, it turns out he got rejected in a movie, the role was of President, they though he didnt have the presidential look, pretty ironic hugh
 It was, you know the main actress of the movie actually served in the Israely defense forces
 Did you know Daniel Craig cried when he first heard the song for the Skyfall theme?
 I haven't heard it yet. I saw she went to high school with Winehouse and other famous people?
 I wonder what they teach in that school, the performance artist teacher must be doing something right, or is it just chance.
 I wonder as well. I saw she was influence by the Spice Girls.
 I love fishing. Did you know the black swallower fish can eat prey twice it's length?
 Me too lol. Freshwater fish drink through their skin while saltwater fish can drink through their mouths.
 I was watching that Planet Earth series, saw that barreleye fish with the transparent head.  It lives in the deep and looks up all the time, looking through it head.
 That's pretty crazy. Did you know the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck?
 I think they are a type of fish. I saw there is a type that is immortal and never dies
 I used to go to theaters a lot. Then I started renting videos at Blockbuster. But now I totally watch movies on Netflix.  Did you know Netflix is worth $2 billion dollars? Blockbuster turned down the chance to buy it!
 Never heard about this fact.  I could not believe the success of Netflix, and I believe its value will keep increasing in the future
 They need new content to keep their viewers. Did you know that in North American, 33% of all bandwidth is being used by Netflix accounts?
 I concur.  Also, Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 Yes, that's what I mentioned - postage is what they spend mailing out DVDs. Imagine though, Blockbuster, the video chain, could have purchased Netflix for $50 million, but they didn't.  Netflix is now worth $2 billion. Ouch!
 I think they did not foresee the future potential of Netflix.  What a loss, ha.  Btw, did you know that Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star
 Yes, Blockbuster really missed the boat on that one. I'm surprised that Tom Hanks is that popular out of all the other movie actors out there.  Although, I heard the man who started Netflix racked up forty bucks in late fees on Tom Hank's movie Apollo 13.  That's why he started Netflix!
 I'm not sure.  The last one of his that I saw was the one about the murder in the museum in Paris. I forgot the title. Weird how some movies are blockbusters immediately, and some over time. For example, Sleeping Beauty was considered a box office failure when it first came out. Disney, who made the movie, even thought about closing up their animation studio because of it!
 That is too bad. Icelandic horses have a fifth speed which is like horse speedwalking
 The breed of dogs, dalmatians are used by firefighter because they know how to calm and protect horses. How cute is that?
 So true. Too bad for blockbster who refused to buy it for very little money.
 the owner had to pay for a late fee for a vhs and he was mad.
 And they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwitdh. I wonder what they are mailing?
 That is just mind-blowing. Speaking of dvd's and movies, do you know who is the highest all time box office star?
 Yes. I really like him as an actor so I am not so surprised. And Disney on the other hand when sleeping beauty failed considered shutting their movie studio down. Imagine that.
 It's pretty crazy in the 1800s they invented an alarm clock with an illuminated dial by attaching a match to it!
 Yea, it's interesting how humans were able to domesticate such an unique animal so long ago in 4000 BC
 That is amazing! I love how Dalmatians who are known to be with firefighters because they kepp the horsed calm and would protect them, awesome!
 I find it crazy Clint Eastwood ended up developing an allergy to horses in mid-life
 Right? Makes no sense. So do you like to watch Netflix? I love the amount of shows they have. they have 137,000,000 subscribers worldwide, huge!
 Wow, I bet they never dreamed that would happen. just like Trojan Wars, it took 15 mill to make and only earned a little over $300....crazy!
 Haha, I haven't heard of it either. But I would go see Silence of the Lambs again if they showed it on valentines day! Back in 1991 that came out and made 270 million haha! A Valetine's Day movie :)
 Their choregraphed performances are truly amazing.  But I did not know that they are born black/brown and then slowly turn white over a 6 year period.
 this little bit of info could have been written in 2012.  some shows like game of thrones are only available by mail.  band width is cheap I guess.
 It seems that movie theaters are not all that well cleaned / maintained and the cost of the concession snacks is exorbitant!  What surprised me was that Disney considered closing down animations after Sleeping Beauty flopped.  That would have been an awful mistake considering the number of animated successes they have had recently in addition to their acquisition of Lucas and Pixar!
 Thank you it is interesting. Would you ride a bus that can drive at 160 miles per hour. That seems really crazy
 I agree with you. Have you ever been to Japan? I guess all their highways are actually toll roads that sounds really annoying
 That makes sense. The roads are nice but it still would cost about $300 to travel across the country like I said they are all toll roads
 You're right. Do you know the first came to travel around the world was. It was the king of Hawaii! At least he didn't have to pay for gas
 I know right. Have you ever been to Iceland? I guess they mostly use airplanes and not cars when they travel between different cities
 Yes I've been there. I don't like it because I'm allergic to horses and it the whole island to me smells like horse poop haha
 Yes they use them to cut their grass apparently haha. Maybe I should get a pet goat and it can cut my grass haha.
 Well maybe I'll try it haha. I guess Google what down for about 5 minutes back in 2013 and they took down 40% of all web traffic. That's insane
 I do think it's funny there was a moral panic because so many people were reading in the 1700's, if people read so much these days everyone would think that was awesome!
 haha ya although my poetry is pretty bad they would probably laugh at me, did you know the YMCA invented volleyball, basketball and softball?
 oh wow that's it? I guess Jose Canseco has the record for the longest softball hit at 622 feet, that is really impressive
 wow that is interesting, and the longest softball game in NCAA history was 31 innings, thats a long time!
 Now that's a lot of words!Did you know Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five US military branches.
 I bet that sure would have been entertaining to watch.
 And to think it is mostly women playing! As of 2014 the average salary for a pro SB player ws between 5-6k
 Are you kidding? I wonder how many hours long that was. I sure would not want to sit through that!
 Really, that surprises me. I am shocked that the first sporting  event shown on ESPN was a slow pitch softball game
 I wonder what it looks like for fish to actually drink while in water? Did you know that there is a jellyfish that is immortal?
 Yeah he's a funny comedian. He sounds like he was a smart guy to be excepted into Harvard law and everything. You a fan of Bill Murray?
 Yes exactly. So I'm thinking maybe I should add that to my watchlist. Sounds like it could be funny.
 I always thought they were colorblind. Another interesting fact is that there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have.
 Same! Really weird to include that in a code of conduct.
 I didn't realize even dogs understood that. I thought they just looked at your finger.
 I figured they must, since sometimes vets have to give transfusions. I didn't realize they had so many blood types though.
 I guess it works for them. I used to love 3rd Rock from the Sun, and was happy to learn that it won golden globe for comedy, beating Seinfield & Frasier....I never thought they were funny
 I enjoy all the characters in the Avengers series like Iron Man, Spider Man, Ant Man, oh my, I realized they're all males! Surprisingly, Disney doesn't own the rights to these characters in theme parks because of a contract signed with Universal studios in the 90s.
 The YMCA actually invented volleyball and basketball too.  Wow, that is a crazy long ball from Jose!
 Yes, I enjoy reading quite a bit.  Funny how about 300 years ago their was a moral panic because people were reading too much!
 That is crazy!  I cannot even imagine.  I think that questions the definition of reading as a complex interaction...
 Right. Some people think separating the pomegranate seeds from the membrane can be therapeutic. Um, I'm not sure about that for me. It just frustrates me and I get bored. Haha.
 That sounds vaguely familiar but I am not sure. Pomegranates are supposed to be a mood booster as well.
 Interesting! In Ancient Greek mythology there were immortal Gods right? Well there is actually a jellyfish breed that is immoral.
 Sorry, I mean immortal not immoral haha! Yeah, you're right but it's still a fascinating concept. I like seahorses a lot. They are the only fish to have a neck.
 Right, it might house secrets that we still need to discover.
 I play a bit in the past.  Do you know that on 04, 18,1930 the bbc decided to broadcast piano music because no news worth reporting
 Exactly.  Hahhaha.  Also, in 2006 some climbers found a piano on the top of Britain's highest mountain
 yes we are, and somehow Earth was made and when that happened a day was only 5.5 hours long, that's a fast day!
 ya that is scary, do you like piano music at all? I play the piano and it's wild an aluminum grand piano was built for the Hindnburg airship, it only weight 356 pounds, I don't know if you've seen a real piano but they normally weight thousands
 haha ya I would like to listen to it if only the Hindenburg didn't explode, and apparently on Britains highest moutain someone had put a piano on top of it in 2006 for some reason haha
 haha ya or to have some kind of entertainment when you get to the top? haha, I do like how Freddie Mercury used the same piano used by Paul McCartney though that is cool
 No I haven't seen it yet but I want to, I've heard a lot of good things, apparently that piano that Freddie used was used by Paul to record the song Hey Jude
 do you play any instruments? I know that Venus spins clock wise and is the only planet to do so, I wonder if that would affect my piano playing haha
 Yes, I enjoy watching the Olympics and have seen quiet a few of his races. Did you know that there is a type of swimming where the swimmer has their hands and legs bound and they swim like a dolphin?
 Wow,incredible! I know that the US has almost as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of the world combined. 
 No I didnt know that but I think thats a great thing that gets kids prepared for an emergency
 Did you know when Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was is college his overuse of the slam dunk caused it to be banned for over a decade?
 He is the only losing coach?lol that is ironic, how can that be!!!
 Right? Did you know that college football or basketball coaches are the highest paid state employees in 39 out of 50 states?
 Wow crazy. There is a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme court building? They call it "the highest court in the land" lol.
 Lol. Did you know that in a Pro hockey game a player will lose up to 8 pounds in one game?
 I guess, lol. It's a hard game. It's been nice chatting with you.
 That was definitely a steal for whatever team got him! I guess it happens in every sport
 Yeah, they're a good team, don't have a favorite in particular on that team but I'm sure the coach is one of the highest paid employees like other college football and basketball coaches.
 Yeah, I find that a little odd. I wonder if they have a swim team and what the nickname is for them, maybe dolphins because there is a type of competitive swimming where the athletes have their limbs bounded and have to swim like dolphins!
 Yeah, I really enjoy watching the swim competitions when it comes time for the olympics. Don't really enjoy hockey quite as much, maybe the only entertaining one was when Canada scored 132 goals in one game in 1924.
 Its a tough sport to play indeed, back in 1993 a player was traded for only $1, that player then won 4 Stanley Cups
 That is fitting for him! Can you believe the oscars were nominated for 9 emmys in 2013? Must have been a rough year lol.
 Really? that can happen? an award nominated for another award? lol that is insane. 
 Sounds like the movie Inception lol. I heard that George Lucas's wife has more Oscars than him!
 I bet you don't speak of the oscars in front of him haha. Do you watch the NFL at all?
 Same here. Did you know it's considered an entertainment business rather than a sport?
 I do to a point! I didn't know they accept outside ads from companies.
 That is a lot of money! wow, I would be traveling the world with that much green lol, it was nice chatting with you as well have a great day 
 Wow!? Are horses secretly plants? In any case, thanks for this insightful conversation
 No, do you?
 Me too. There is a type of swimming where the swimmer has their hands and legs bound and swim like a dolphin.\
 That sounds equal parts cool and dangerous.
 I agree. All Cornell students must pass a basic swimming test before they are allowed to graduate. 
 That's really good. Native Americans introduced the front crawl swimming stroke.
 I heard that too. There is a banned swimsuit that is so good that 94% of all swimming races were won with it.
 That's interesting that they banned the dunk. Naismith who was the inventor of basketball was the only losing coach in Kansas's history.
 I know...so sad. In 39 of 50 states, the top paying employee in the state is either a college basketball or football coach.
 HAHA. The New Zealand basketball team was nicknamed the Tall Blacks.
 Do you watch the series Daredevil?
 Sony was offered to buy the characters for $25 million but they declined and only bought the rights to Spiderman. Bet they are regretting that now.
 Yeah I am guilty of using up some of that bandwidth during that time. Surprisingly though Netflix still spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.
 I used to rent DVDs at Blockbuster, and VHS before that. I bet they regret not taking the offer to buy Netflix!
 Can you imagine how they swim like that? Apparently Native Americans were the first to swim using the front crawl. That is interesting.
 Hey! Did you know that there was a hockey player who was traded for $1.00 in 1993, and went on to win 4 Stanley Cups?
 That's cool. I'm originally from NY so that explains my preference for the Islanders. Canada is so good at hockey because it is their national sport. They're the only country with 2 national sports,
 I think you're right there national sports are lacrosse and ice hockey. I guess Hockey is referred in other countries as field hockey. Only in about five countries total is it referred to as just hockey
 Kind of like football/soccer I guess. On average hockey players can lose up yo 8lbs in one game. I know they must sweat like crazy.
 Wow that does sound crazy. I could use that that sounds like a great workout though haha. It's interesting that they can use the same court for basketball and hockey and they just switch the floors out
 Yeah I thought that was wild too, I learned that at an Islanders game because they share the stadium with the Brooklyn Nets. In 39 of 50 states the highest paid state employee is a college football or bball coach.
 That's interesting I didn't know that. What do you think about Kareem Abdul-Jabbar? I love how he was so good that he got the dunk banned in basketball haha
 He's super tall! Which would be fitting for the New Zealand team, who are nicknamed "the tall blacks." 
 Haha I guess. That name is pretty crazy. Definitely offensive over here haha. Did you know that the Supreme Court has a basketball court on the top floor?
 Haha I love that name. Do you know that the creator of the game basketball was a losing coach for his university? He's the only using coach in the whole history of the University actually haha
 Oh wow that's interesting. I know that in our school you had to pass a swimming test as well. But we live in Michigan and are surrounded by lakes so maybe that's why haha
 Maybe! I feel like that's a basic survival skill that everyone should possess. I knew a few people when I graduated who couldn't swim and I didn't understand how or why. 
 Wow are you serious? I don't know why it's so hard for people to swim haha, did you hear about the way to swim where you bind your hands and legs, you end up swimming like a dolphin and that's apparently a thing that people do haha
 I can swim well, but if I did that, I'd probably drown. I used to swim on a swim team and having a good swimsuit was important. There's a swimsuit that was banned by the Olympics because 94% of all races in 2008 were won by people who wore it.
 Haha that's wild! I wonder if that would help to make me really good at swimming haha. Very crazy that the United States has as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of the world combined. We are really dominant at swimming I guess haha
 Oh yeah you're right. He's definitely awesome! Did you know that the Native Americans used a very strange front crawl swimming stroke when they beat the British at the olympics one year
 Oh wow!  I did not know that, but I think it's something everyone should know how to do.  It's a good thing!
 That's interesting, I thought the Indians and pioneers did not get along, so well?
 Well, that makes sense, the Indians probably had to swim all the time and surely more than the British!  I read somewhere that the United States has almost as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of thw orld combined.  That awesome!
 Ha! Where do you live? I swam competitively for a long time so I have an affinity for it.
 That sounds like incredibly hard work!
 Oh that is a long time for a ban. So, back to swimming, there are more gold medals awarded to the US than almost the whole world combined.
 That is insane! Graduation should be based on academics!
 I would think so. There is a ban on a swimsuit that is so good 94% of the swimming races in the 2008 Olympics were won wearing it.
 Maybe it was just the trend that year. I dont see how a swim suit couldmmake you faster. MAybe more aerodynamic but come on.
 It is weird. Almost as weird as humans being able to just weeks after birth swim as a survival response.
 I'm a fan of the Celtics and I'm not that impressed as we were blown out by Clippers yesterday.
 He was amazing at this. I agree but I didn't know that the dunk got banned for that long. Do the women also have a league here in America?
 Unfortunately, no. They are called the tall blacks. I just don't know why. 
 Now that's a good GAA!
 They're overachievers... I know why basketball games are so cold now, they keep the ice under the courts!
 I have, it is competitive swimming. It is very shocking to hear that Cornell makes student pass a basic swimming test in order to graduate.
 I don't really listen to much Country music, but I read that Kacey dropped acid while listening to a Tame Impala record.
 That would be a good title to have, I suppose! It is just shocking that her music may have been inspired by hallucinogens!
 Progressive rock? like Pearl Jam? I read online that Aerosmith made more money from Guitar Hero than any album.
 Oh, Yes! I have never heard it called that! That is interesting that Aerosmith makes more money from guitar hero! That is a nice easy way to bring in more money!
 I think it is odd, too! I would think there would be more! Maybe Darius Rucker will make it into the hall of fame! That is neat the stratocaster is so versatile. 
 It used to be called hillbilly music! Thank goodness for change.
 Do you play? I understand that college coaches of basketball and football are the highest paid in the state.
 Yes, I can do the dolphin type swim and the breaststroke.
 Not really. I know you use a hockey stick. ;) We had to spend some time playing field hockey in school, and I scored a goal. I hear it's a great sport in which to lose weight. Pro's lose weight from the activity in even one game.
 Yes, the average hockey player lose up to 8 pounds in one game.
 Sound like what I would be worth.  Another track kid, Donovan Louis did 55 meters in 6.43 seconds and a long jump of 24-3.25. What an athlete. 
 That showed 'em.  It's kinda sad that in 39 of 50 states, the highest paid state employee are college football or basketball coaches.  Education seems to be of secondary importance. 
 Yep.  I bet swimming coaches don't get paid much.  I can't believe at Cornell, students have to pass a basic swimming test.  Are they expecting a flood? 
 It's also crazy that an average pro hockey player can lose 8 lbs. in one game.  Crash diet!  Must be all the stuff they wear.
 That's cool.  Can you believe the U.S. Supreme Court has a basketball court on the roof.  I can just see Ruth Bader Ginsburg slam dunking a few. 
 Yes, Punisher was like Rambo on speed.  It was intense
 I know isn't that wild! And it's called the "highest court in the land". That's such a funny and goofy name haha
 Yes it's either a funny story or a sad story haha. Another sad story is that the creator of basketball was a losing coach for his university. Apparently the only one to haha how is that possible
 Yes that must be what it is. It's just so cold those are the only games that they can play year-round haha. Did you know that most hockey rinks are actually basketball courts as well? They can just change the floor out
 I should do that too! I need to lose some weight haha. Canada is so dominant at hockey though. In the first Winter Olympic Games they scored 132 goals
 I hope they got the gold medal with that many goals!
 I wonder that too. Apparently only like five countries call that hockey, and the rest of them call it field hockey like you mentioned. just the name field hockey sounds weird to me haha
 I am not sure. I just read that it said his "dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned." I would love to go to the supreme court building and shoot a game of horse there! They have a basketball court on the top floor called "the highest court in the land."
 I am fantasizing about judges in robes playing basketball. Yeah, right, but it's a funny picture!
 Yeah, there are probably tons of things that will evolve in the sports arena. The British didn't even know how to front crawl before it was introduced by the Native Americans.
 Hello - did you know Daniel Day Lewis is the only actor to win best actor at the Oscars 3 different times?
 It doesn't say, but that's really good. I saw that Blazing Saddles was also nominated for 3 Oscars. 
 It was a very good movie. Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscars won by a man with 22 won. Pretty amazing!
 LOL - that's crazy! Talk about animosity. 
 Haha that's funny. I didn't even know that was possible. 
 Very dumb. Another crazy stat is that Eminem has more Oscars than Dicaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas, and Bill Murray combined!
 Did you know Nintendo can be displayed in only 54 colors? 
 haha good thought!
 Haha. Very punny. Did you know that the New Zealand basketball team are called the "tall blacks"?
 Wow! Good for him! I wish I could be that good at anything! There are banned swimsuits because they were too effective.
 I wonder too. Native Americans were the ones who introduced Europeans to Front crawl
 Agreed. Furthermore, in 1993, a hockey player was traded for $1 and that player went on to win 4 stanley cups!
 Yeah, they are.  Speaking of big albums, did you know Dark Side of Moon was one of the best selling albums of 2014?  
 Not just a tour, but w/o any support of airplay.  Can't imagine going platinum even though you have so little support from the "traditional" system.  They really struck a chord with people I think.
 Yeah, that's true.  Speaking of horse, they say Dalmatians are used with firefighters because in the old days they would help calm and protect the horses.  
 What I find neat is Lipizzaner horses.  They are born black or brown but turn completely white in about six years.  Neat, huh?
 I have never seen one of those. I will google it later. That horse would be quite a show for the students if the kids that rode horses to school on no vehicles day rode a white horse! 
 What a wild day that must have been! Nice meeting you! Bye!
 Swimming is a very interesting sport. It's awesome that Sean Conway Jr. got so many all-American times in 2018. What about you?
 It's so interesting that babies can swim within weeks of birth. Have you ever heard about that before?
 Same with me. It's amazing there are so many great hockey players. They can lose up to 8 pounds in one game!
 That's crazy! The team that let him go must have regretted it. 
 Yeah. Did you know that in the first winter olympics Canada's ice hockey team scored 132 goals, and only let 3 goals in?
 Yeah, they are really into hockey. I guess that's why they're one of the few countries who refer to ice hockey with the word "hockey".
 I'm not either, I watched a few of the movies only because my husband wanted to. I see that Marvel comics created a superhero for a little 4 year old boy, the superhero "Blue Ear", because of the boy being uncomfortable to wear hearing aids, that was nice.
 Yep, also Netflix accounts for 33% of internet bandwidth between the hours of 9pm to midnight in North America.
 I am guilty for contributing to that. That is how I wind down. Netflix and Youtube together are half ofpeak internet traffic in North America.
 I'm am a watcher as well, every evening.  Wow, Blockbuster declined the purchase of Netflix for 50 million years ago, now Netflix is worth 2 billion, bet they regret that one!
 I'll bet. Netflix still spends more money on postage than bandwidth though. I forgot that they still offer DVD rentals.
 I agree, I think I've watched all the Thrillers on Netflix and Prime, ha. There was actually a comic book series that came out about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheros, funny.
 Have you heard of a superhero called normalman? He was the only person who didn't have powers on a planet full of superheroes.
 No, I haven't.  I will have to look him up, never heard of him. Talk about being the odd one out, bet he feel really insecure on that planet!
 Oh my goodness, there's actually over 300 registered superheroes in the United States!
 Good question, will have to look that one up also!  Garfield had a book series spinoff named Pet Force, it featured him and his gang as Superheroes, funny!
 I still enjoy watching Garfield and Scooby Doo.  I remember, staying up late at night with a flashlight, reading Superman and Batman comic books, when they were like, ten or fifteen cents!
 It's good to know that a third of the bandwidth in North America is during the 9 pm to 12 am time slot. I wonder if that impacts the user quality, I am not very knowledgeable in that area.
 why :) would You use it ? :)
 I thought swimming is the sport to loose weight the quickest ?
 professional... basketball team ? sorry, didn't get that...
 Because Zuckerburg is colorblind! did not know that
 I did. I cant believe tom could have bought facebook.
 Facebooks "like" button is illegal in parts of Germany? I wonder why.
 That is so interesting!
 If you unfriend 10 people you get a free whopper. That is too funny.
 No but I just heard there is an immortal breed of jellyfish.
 That would be great! That would be worth it. That's crazy fast!
 That's so true. I mean, even in animated films, actors used to scoff at voicing characters until Robin Williams took over the role as the Genie in Aladdin, and now every actor wants into the animated spotlight.
 Yeah, I think with voice acting roles, celebrities start to connect to the audience better - like they are just everyday people.
 male or female, she is amazing! I think she's up to 24 grand slam titles now!
 Sure doesn't feel like spring here. It's dumping snow.
 No, I didn't even know Loch Ness sightings dated back to 1912 but it's nice to know it's protected if it turns out to be real
 What's crazy that there's a star in our galaxy 1 billion times bigger than the sun, I wonder how hot that one is
 Some holdover learned response from early man competing in a challenging environment.
 hey, well I do know that the sun is actually white! it is only from our atmosphere that it appears yellow to us, what do you know about it?
 I know that it is hot but not as hot a  lightening bolt.
 ya somehow a lightning bolt is five times hotter than the sun, that is crazy! Poor ben franklin and his key haha
 the sun is so powerful, i mean we can get all the energy we need for half a million years in just ne second
 ya I wish we could just capture that and use it, our sun is small though it's only 1 billionth the size of the largest star in our galaxy
 true. Neptune only competed its first full orbit around the sun in 2011 since it was discovered in 1846.
 right that isn't that long ago, and humans apparently are adapted for long distance running, probably to catch prey
 yes I try to, mainly through lemons to prevent colds and stuff. Isn't it strange that we are the only ones that cannot synthesize it?
 Maybe, you never know these days with science. Did you know there is a sound frequency that instills fear in us
 I heard about that, I also heard that people can regrow a rib that was removed, I had no idea that was possible
 does that happen when they are domesticated? I wonder what brings that about.
 that is what I was thinking too. It is nice that they are so protected in countries like Germany, all animals really
 That much? I dint know, there are 7 million species in total so that's crazy!!
 I guess my kinder garden teacher tricked me all this time lol, the sunset on Mars is actually blue how cool is that
 Yeah, really beautiful, such a great landscape the sun makes 99.86% of the mass in our solar system
 I think he is great! Remember Robin williams?
 That is impressive, almost as impressive as winning the Australian Open while two months pregnant!
 It is so incredible that she has been so good for so long.
 Yes, you are correct! I guess rap has become really mainstream. A Michigan Judge once delivered her ruling in rap form. That was a suit filed against rapper eminem.
 She is quite the character! She makes over 100 K per episode.
 We really like our celebrities, so much that they need to show up on Sesame Street. Carol Burnett was the first one.
 I think she's an awesome athlete. I just found out that she is co-owner of the Miami Dolphins.
 Wow, awesome! She is so tough! She didn't even drop a single set.
 Wow. That is so interesting. The only fish to have a neck is the seahorse.
 That is awful. I don't understand how that would help children learn. Too bad he wasn't the right size to be eaten by a black swallower fish. They can eat prey twice its length and 10 times its weight.
 I thought it was impressive that my goldfish live to 5. I just learned because it was a fresh water fish, it "drank" water through its skin via osmosis.
 Some fish are basically just nervous systems. It is so interesting. It is odd that 84 percent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in zebrafish.
 I wonder what the total number of users are. Myspace could have bough facebook for $75 million in 2005.
 Pretty much. Just reading through the article here though, the Burger King promotion, wow, I wonder how much rift that may have caused between people
 Yeah that is a curiosity indeed. I cannot think of a reason though.
 Considering how things are in Iceland and how happy people are there with their government, they probably are. On another topic, more connected to nature, I have always found it intriguing the jellyfish that never dies and keeps regenerating
 What ? Immortal Jellyfish ? How come we haven't steal that property form them yet ?
 Trust me, there is so much research going on that but scientists have not been able to pinpoint yet how they do it
 Not at all, we are overpopulated as it is, it would be chaos.
 hahah true story. And then how about the seahorse being the only fish with a neck. Way to stand out in the crowd
 I do have a FB account. I try to avoid it when I can. Maybe we should ban it. Facebook's like button is illegal in one German state.
 I bet they are regretting that. They could have bought it for $75 million and it's now worth 2.2 billion.
 Haha I totally should so I will spend less time on FB!
 Yeah, apparently the teacher made his students do that because the raccoons were killing chickens that they were raising for the class.
 Can't imagine why he got the students involved. 
 Yeah, apparently he thought the raccoon might be rabid but still does not explain getting students involved.
 I love traveling myself. Did you know the Dutch are creating a bus system that travels at 160mph?
 Yea that's crazy. Looks like it cost $300 to cross the country.
 I did not know that. I definitely would not take advantage of that website lol.
 LOL that's pretty funny! Iceland has no public rail system so most people just travel by air in the country.
 I agree. Politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they have never participated in a duel before.
 That's pretty funny. I didn't know that about Australia either.
 Speaking of politics, did you know Poiticians in Kentucky must swear an oath they've never been in a duel? Why is that a law there lol
 Yep you're right. There are 100 US senators. Interesting that Senators used to be appointed by the states, but now they are elected by the people
 Haha he doesn't sound that bad. He sounds actually very popular haha. Very crazy that Richard Nixon broke a 160 five-year-old gavel
 Yeah that's sad. A lot of those Senators need to get healthier. Also sad is that women were not allowed to wear pants in the Senate until 1993
 If chimpanzees got elected to the Senate that would probably be the least of our worries haha, can you believe the Indian government set up a polling booth for just one person
 Yeah I guess I could see that. What is insane is that men in the UK had to wait until 1918 before all of them could vote. Like how is that a thing
 Nope I've heard that. Speaking of that 34% of the Alabama male population has permanently lost the right to vote
 Oh I didn't know that. What about the Ramones do you like them? I guess they did like 2000 concerts in 20 years
 Apparently some people spend a million bucks to buy one blue and one grey suit that aren't all that flattering.
 So back in the Pilgrim's time I guess everyone got clothes tailored so it was not anything fancy. Their clothes were actually colorful. I always thought they were black.
 I find it odd when people dress up animals. its like when someone manages to impersonate a goverment offical before being caught. Like a man in france who even got to sell the eiffel tower twice.
 Wow, I can't imagine being that witty when I'm about to die. Haha.
 Can you believe kissing wildes lipstick covered tomb could get you a fine of $12000
 I would probably take selfie of myself pretending to kiss the tomb. Sounds pretty gross to kiss a tomb, let alone one that's been kissed by thousands of other people. Well, going to go research that more. Have a good night!
 haha I wonder what kind of candy personally, I guess that was started in 1968, now im hungry haha
 oh interesting, well I do love Milky Ways and Mars bars, Hershey's is made in Pennsylvannia too
 pretty dumb that women couldnt wear pants until 1993 in the senate what do you think?
 I did too, I guess astronauts vote from space? I definitely didn't know that
 nope, not everyone can vote either I guess 34% of black men in Alabama have lost the right to vote
 ya thats what I'm assuming, scary though that not all men could vote in britain until the year 1918
 ya I wondered the same, did you hear that the indian gov built a polling location in the woods for a single man?
 Marcia Lucas, George's former wife helped, so perhaps she had future visions.
 I heard that.     I was more surprised that the films had a combined box office revenue over $8.5 billion.
 Jupiter's moon, Ganymede is larger than many planets in the Star Wars Universe.
 Yes, even in our system they are quite different!    Venus does not tilt and has no seasons!
 Such facts make one think about the vastness of space!   We believe there may be the building blocks of life on a planet nearly 500 light years from earth.
 No I didn't.     I just heard about the Creed concert that resulted in a lawsuit against the band.    Sounds like something terrible!
 That is really crazy! You think you would have been paid a lot more, but that is a lot per hour, he only worked for about 2 and 1/2 hours
 absolutely! what do you think about Marcia Lucas she doesn't get any credit in terms of star wars lore, but she made a lot of good editing decisions
 Yes I would miss the change of seasons, I would also not want to live on Uranus because it rotate sideways and rolls around LOL
 No I wondered about that too! Don't know if I would visit that, or if I would visit the planet that is raining glass they both sound dangerous LOL
 Bet you did not go to as many as linkin park played - they did 324 concerts in 2001
 wow nope I didn't see them all, I have seen the ramones though, they did about 2200 concerts in 20 years which is insane
 That is crazy.  At least they played good concerts - creed played one that was so bad that 4 people with tickets filed a lawsuit
 lol I would be so embarrased, I just wish I could have seen that pink floyd concert back in 1972, they did a concert with no audience for some reason!
 did you know that linkin park did over 300 concerts in 2001?
 I love Pink Floyd. I bet that was an amazing concert. In 1972 Deep Purple held the loudest concert ever and three audience members became unconscious. With all of the extremely heacy metal since I am shocked that Deep Purple holds that record. 
 well the ramones have performed over 2200 concerts, isn't that insane? They've been touring for 20 years now
 Wow! That is shocking. I had no idea they toured that long. I don't think there's many left now unfortunately. I like the Foo Fighters also. They held a concert so loud that it showed up on seismic monitors. 
 haha that is crazy, also I don't like Creed what about you? apparently they did a concert that was so bad they were sued lol
 well that is interesting, I think its crazy that darth vader is so iconic but all his lines were recorded for the first movie in about 3 hours
 Is he really on trial for money laundering?  That was a guess on my part.  Do you know?
 Yeah I had heard he was a great dancer. He won a championship once or something.
 Tupac danced ballet in high school. Which is crazy and cool at the same time.
 Yeah, professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week. Those are a lot more expensive than the guitar strings I have to replace monthly on my guitars.
 Yes, they do.  I was fascinated to find out that Bruce Lee was a great dancer and was the Hong Kong Cha Cha championship winner in 1958!
 How very interesting.
 Cool, you must really be into birds.  That seems to be all you talk about!
 Again, how very interesting!
 I never knew Churchill won a nobel prize in literature, I wonder what he wrote
 People probably thought it was taboo but I'm surprised the ancient greeks or romans didn't feature it
 Me too,12 is a lot, I think humans have 4 blood types only
 I've never heard of dogs donating blood, that's so fascinating to me.  I also didn't know they have 12 different blood types.  I do know they are wonderful creatures and are truly man's best friend.
 How cool, that seems like a nice program, kills two birds with one stone.
 Me either?  That's so strange.
 Me either, I would have thought it would have been for peace.
 Yes Lincoln Park is great. They actually did about 320 concerts in a year which is awesome
 That was 2001. It was crazy. Not as crazy as the Ramones schedule.
 Yep they did 2200 concerts in a span of 20 years that's insane
 That sure is, they couldn't have had much of a personal life. Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the amphitheater in Pompeii, that would have been awesome to hear.
 Yep I love Pink Floyd, it's crazy they did that back in 1972 to a completely missing audience LOL I hope that they video recorded it
 No I would feel horrible if I were sued because my concert was so bad LOL that's funny that happened in 2002
 The use of red and blue for the parties didn't start until 2000. I thought it was around longer than that.
 What seems weird to me too is that 15% of the tea party claims to be Democrats. That doesn't seem to add up. 
 I don't think so either. It's weird that up until trump, there hasn't been a republican elected, that wasn't named Bush or Nixon.
 That is strange. Also strange that Ronald Reagan used to be a Democrat and what campaign for their causes such as corporate profits and low wages
 Yes he ran for the Bull Moose Party. It's interesting that he did that back in 1912
 Wow, that's pretty neat! I wonder what it was about? 
 I really have trouble wrapping my head around that. Especially considering some of the stuff that's rejected as an olympic sport.
 Yeah, it's pretty strange to think about. Music and painting were also events!
 I'm not sure. Dogs were the first animals to be domesticated. 
 True. There are dog blood drives where dogs can donate blood to eachother. That's pretty neat. 
 Yeah, I think there are 12 different ones!
 I'm not sure how that works. Dogs are super smart. They are one of the only animals that understands pointing. 
 That's funny they are a dog company. Did you know there are 12 different blood types that a dog can have?
 I never knew that. Or that they have dog blood drives. How surprising!
 That's funny. Istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for the stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles.
 Hmm...I did not know that. Looks like they can't see all of the colors a human can, but they can see most of them which is interesting.
 I  know that they can help with hunting, herding, protection, policing, companionship and I even personally know of dogs who help children with reading
 Yea they can do all sorts of good things to help out humans. Switching gears, did you know people fantasy draft the national spelling bee.
 How interesting. I would not even know how to begin my team. I know of fantasy sport teams but not spelling bee. I learned there is even a fantasy congress!
 Haha - I do play fantasy football, but that's about it. 
 And it just a single fold in the brain that separates your fantasy team from the real team. Pretty interesting.
 That's really interesting.
 wow that is impressive, also impressive Abba turned down a 100 concert tour, even though they'd be paid over a billion dollars!
 ya that is insane, do you like Dave Matthews band?  I guess a woman helped a random cyclist who turned out to be the man himself!
 do you like Foo Fighters? I guess when they played in New Zealand their show showed up on the earthquake monitors
 haha I would be so embarrassed to be sued for that actually, did you know the Republican party started back in 1854?
 I did hear about that, also that Hillary Clinton was a republican in college, weird!
 I think Amazon has a lot to do with that, you know that a state senator also has to work at Target to make enough money!! thats just nuts
 Hahaha, yes, did you know Vermont is the only state in the US didn't had a target store?
 I pretty sure very little, back to what you said, I wonder what was this senator during with his money that he had to work at a target to make enough money to live?
 yes me too, need it for work and to run my personal things
 yeah but what about vermont where there is no target store.
 No wonder the government is always chasing them down and trying to shut them off
 Yes,  I love the sound of the piano,  so beautiful,Do you?  
 Yes,  guitar is nice as well.  I recently learned that Matthew Bellamy has the guiness world record for most guitars smashed lol 
 lol he probably doesnt care,  he was probably making a lot of money during this. 
 I did not,  but I do not know who that is,  what band does he play for?
 yeah I saw it it was pretty amazing
 The guy who founded Ford?  He made cars,  thats all I really know. 
 Did you know U2 opened for themselves a few times and dressed up in costume so no one would know lol 
 Its been good chatting!
 Oh wow I'm surprised. The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones. She read 4700 words per minute.
 That's a lot of literature. In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 lol I was thinking the same thing.
 Oh wow I didn't know that either. There is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence. 
 That's very interesting. Romantic kissing is a new development.
 He invented the names Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia. 
 Glad to hear that you are well. I was just reading that. That is incredible.I can not imagine being able to read that fast! The FDA burned 6 tons of books. I never heard of this. 
 I also find information like this very interesting. Imagine Andre Tchaikowsky actually donated his skull in the hopes that it would be used as a prop. 
 It says it was used in 2008 in productions of Hamlet. I never knew those names were invented by Shakespeare. In the 18th century there was a panic because people were reading novels.
 thats seems weird that there would be a panic!  Reading is good for people lol 
 That's cool.  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon
 Would probably have been odd to say the least.  
 I think that's just great.  I did the whole synching Dark Side of the Moon with the Wizard of Oz thing.  Pretty creepy how well it matches. But I'm more of a Queen fan.  Did you know Queen's guitarist Brian May has a PhD in astrophysics?
 Sounds about right. Multi-talented. He also uses coins for picks.
 You know, it's a bit cliche but my favorite is Eddie Van Halen.  Even though I'm a fan, I didn't realize until recently that he did the guitar solo in Michael Jackson's Beat It!
 That's funny when you think of it now.  Scared of jazz music.  Music I was scare of?  NWA's Straight Outta Compton.  Their rap album just felt really angry.  But what was scarier was it reach such a great success in popularity.
 It has grown on me a little. We can blame Henry Ford for helping it become popular because he feared jazz music
 That's pretty crazy to have a house boat recording studio. Also crazy that van halen set the studio speakers on fire recording a guitar solo!
 Also crazy is Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album because they didnt have the rights to their own songs
 I know, right? That just sounds unbelievable. Ha! What's almost as unbelievable to me is there was actually a moral panic over the spread of reading novels back in the18th century. It's like how and why would that lead to a moral panic?
 I don't know. What surprise me is a fact that literature, music, painting, sculpture and architecture were Olympic events from 1912 until 1952. Olympic events means were part of Games? Any idea about that?
 That is surprising and I was honestly unaware of that. Wonder why they did away with it? What really surprises me is romantic kissing is hardly ever mentioned in ancient Greek literature. It's basically a recent development!
 I didn't know it. It's interesting! How did he do it? haha I guess his work at his historical perid was quite unusual and often criticised.
 I do enjoy both. In fact, I also read recently that Shakespeare and Pocahontas were actually alive at the same time and also sadly died one year apart. I found that to be both surprising and interesting!
 Apparently Lester's Sugar Coated Love was brought to the country charts in 1977.
 Interesting. It seems like Lester's songs were rerecorded so interest in his songs were revived.
 do you know what the best selling album of the 21st century is?
 Wow, me either!  Or that 40 years after making the album, Pink Floyd's "Dark Side of the Moon" was still one of the best selling albums of 2014!
 I heard that the guitarist for Pink Floyd actually converted a houseboat into a recording studio.
 ah nice that is awesome and sounds like something they would do, I like van halen and its funny to know that a van halen solo literally set speakers on fire 
 haha, has def leppard released country songs? I like them I haven't heard of that
 Jeff Bezos the wealthiest man in the world?  Must be nice, especially if George ever falls on hard times!
 I love to read fiction as well. Do you like C.S. Lewis and Tolkien's crazy terrible poetry contests? The whole idea of keeping a straight face when reading terrible poetry is funny.
 Haha, that is. Did you know that the FDA burned 6 tons of literature?
 I agree that is crazy! I hadn't heard.
 yeah, they did it as an act of US censorship
 Ah. Shakespeare invented the names jessica and olivia. I know some people named them from highschool!
 Wow, I also use that phrase all the time. I guess Shakespeare has invented many things.
 His impact as part of the play company Lord Chamberlain's Men changed London.
 Shakespeare also invented the quote "a laughing stocks". I used that yesterday!
 That and many more brilliant literary works. He was so revered that the Polish composer Andre Tchaikowsky donated his skull to Shakespeare's company, hoping they would use it as a prop. That is just a bit odd if you ask me.
 Brian may, guitarist for queen, uses coins, especially the english sixpence, as guitar picks.
 Sure, I do. How about you? I like Tupac. His music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 I have heard of him. He played the voice of the Reptar Wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie. I guess rap has become very mainstream. A Michigan judge delivered her ruling in rap form when trying a suit against Eminem.
 Yeah, he used to end every phone conversation he had with the word "excelsior!"
 It stands for detective comics, so their name is redundant. Detective comics comics.
 Yeah, and a lot of us use it. One day Google went down for five minutes and took 40 percent of web traffic with it.
 That's what I've heard too. Will you believe a Michigan judge gave her ruling in the form of a rap when she was with Eminem. haha
 Just do a search for Bing Rewards and you can find more but the thing I like about Google is how good their searching is and that a single Google search uses more computing power than they used to send an astronaut to the Moon hahaha
 Wow that's a lot. I love Google in Google Maps it's great how that they can track the real-time traffic flow using just Android phones out on the roads
 Yeah you're probably right. It's cool that Google is founded only 1998. That seems like a long time ago but actually it's not really.
 Sure thing!  Justin Bieber isn't too popular with his song "Baby" though as it is the most disliked video on Youtube
 Oh! Why don't people like the song?
 Never know, but don't foresee it happening.  Police watch their own form of youtube called "blutube" so they can share law enforcement videos.
 I wasn't aware, but google bought the site in November 2006 for $1.65 billion 
 That's a lot! Do you like looking up at the stars?
 I just like his programs that make science fun to watch on tv.  So his planetary society I imagine is incredible.
 I didn't know that.  Ancient babylonians had a great understanding of astronomy and could track planets like jupiter with math precision
 That's fascinating! Do you prefer theoretical or observational astronomy more?
 Seemed pretty fast to me! But if you prefer bus travel you can get there quick on the future Dutch commuter bus that will go 160 mph
 Isn't that crazy? Imagine having to travel by domestic flight from major town to town. Boy, we Americans don't realize how good we truly have it! Ha! Just like in Japan, it costs over $300 just to travel the country due to their highways being tolls! That is insane!
 Yes, that certainly gives people incentive to carpool or take buses. Speaking of which, the Dutch are designing a commuter bus that can travel at 160 MPH--seems a little over the top to me!
 So true! Crazy to think Google purchased it for $1.65 billion. That's probably the wisest billion dollars ever spent considering how popular YouTube is today!
 That's simply phenomenal and almost unbelievable! Even Bill Nye serves as executive director of the Planetary Society which just so happened to be founded by Carl Sagan!
 That's pretty crazy. Apparently police have their own version of YouTube for sharing law enforcement videos, I wonder how that compares!
 Yes, years ago. YouTube had to upgrade the view count integer in order to accommodate it!
 Hello, do you like Cinematography?
 That's pretty cool. Did you know no woman has ever been nominated for an academy award for best cinematography?
 That's depressing. It's the only Oscar category that has never had a female nominated. Hopefully that will change soon. 
 I bet it will change soon with all of the feminist movements taking place these days.
 Those are such great movies. Stephen King was scared of the movie Bambi when he was a child.
 Haha. Well, he got revenge on the world for that didn't he? Apparently watching a horror movie burns 180 calories. I need to start the Wes Craven diet. 
 Wow that's cool. I didn't know that. Definitely a good way to burn calories.
 Not too sure on that. The majority of creepy metallic noises in horror movies are produced by a waterphone.
 Not too sure on that one. I'd like to see one though.
 Did you know Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode?
 Hello Are you a Stephen King fan? I am, and was surprised to learn that the movie Bambie, terrified him as a kid.
 Yes I am! I feel as if his books are much more terrifying than Bambi. I do not enjoy horror films, do you?
 That's very interesting, also surprising that watching horror movies can burn more than 180 calories! I wonder how many calories watching a comedy film can burn.
 Yeah, it might be, so that also means that when I visit theme parks, I can burn calories by riding roller coasters!  I also enjoy those genres, but I also enjoy Pixar films and apparently Pixar Studios has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities, I don't know what the secret room is for though.
 Oh wow! I will! I really enjoy watching shows related to cooking. I wonder how much he is able to make per video. Judge Judy makes over $120K per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James. I feel as if there are celebrities who get paid more than her though.
 Yes I heard about that too and he also mentioned that in real life, Hugh's father is a physician, but Hugh makes way more than what his father makes. 
 Oh he is?! Now that's news to me! I wonder if Carol Burnett has ever been nominated for an award, apparently no woman woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography and it's the only category that has never nominated a female!
 Isn't that awful? There are so many women director's that it is almost incomprehensible that Hollywood is that sexist. Yet, Roger Deakins has been nominated 13 times and never won.
 Yeah, it's pretty surprising! It'll be more of a surprise if Roger Deakins actually wins! I enjoy cinematography, but need to practice on my editing skills.
 Yeah! I like that movie too, I might've thought that was a horror film in my younger years when I first saw it as a kid. 
 For sure, those horses are probably tired of taking everyone in those carriages though haha.
 I don't even know those systems haha.
 Wow. I was surprised to learn that began in 18th Century Japan and did hit the US until the 1930s
 It was really good. and also the highest grossing superhero origin move
 that is interesting for sure. did you know reagan once auditions for a movie?
 Yeah, he was in many.  Mostly the "hero" type.  He was however rejected for a role as a "president"
 haha that is ironic considering he became a real president after all
 That's funny.  I hope she received payment.  Amazing how far DC to DCEU has come... 
 I bet she did. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie
 yeah the book was just a repritning of the newspaper. it was called Famous Funnies.
 hahhaha but they made their point so well though.Did you know Stan Lee endded his phone calls with 'excelsior'
 haha that is awesome, I didn't know that gmail.com was originally used by the garfield website, google bought it directly from there
 that is so cool. do you know which university has the largest collection of comic books?
 ya I do like him, I can't believe he wanted to buy marvel comics and then use that deal to star as spiderman in a movie, that would have been wild!
 I do watch it from time to time. How about movies and the theatre?
 yes, I'll have to check out the lego movie, I guess that was the actual first movie to feature wonder woman
 Great! and you? Do you enjoy Poetry? For $9 is what Edgar Allan Poe got for , " The Raven".
 Did you know that the hobbits names were taken out of the old Icelandic poem called the Dvergatal? Kind of makes sense.
 They really are! Even Demetri Martin wrote a 224 palindrome poem and he's a comedian!
 That is so cool! Do you like to read anything else beside poetry?
 History is by far my favorite! Can you read as fast the record holder Anne Jones?
 Omg no! How do you even do that? I have wonder if she has to understand whats she reading to win?
 Starship Troopers is another military must read haha. I haven't read either book!
 Isn't that crazy!! My goodness what were they afraid of? Isn't it funny how people thought then?
 His plays have been translated into every major living language and his plays are performed more than any other playwright in history.
 I am a fan of Shakespeare as you can tell but not as big a fan as other. Polish composer Andre Tchaikowsky donated his skull to the Royal Shakespeare company in hopes it would be used as a prop.
 They ended up using his skull in 2008 in a series of performance of Hamlet!
 Well a woman named Anne Jones could probably rip through it. She holds the world record for speed reading at 4700 words per minute.
 Wow.  That's a classic.  Think most everyone has heard of it.
 He injected grammatical errors before key points in his plays.
 I think it is fascinating that sharks will rescue sailors just as much as dolphins. They have such a bad reputation.
 I think it depends on the shark.  A Great White might not be as friendly, especially in their cafe.
 They can be trained like dogs to bark. That makes them seem a whole lot friendlier.
 I love shark week! I just love learning fun facts about animals, like because sharks have no rib cages their weight can crush their own body on land.
 Documentaries are some of my favorite things to watch. I google a lot of fun facts too. It is amazing to know that my google search takes more computing power than sending Neil Armstrong to the moon.
 It is fascinating that they have become such an authority. Even when there is a border dispute, Google maps will tailor it to the claims of each country where their browser is located.
 I love the answer is just waiting with a click of the button. I don't know what I would do without it anymore. When Google went down for 5 minutes in 2013 it took 40% of web traffic with it.
 Were you aware that they didn't start their streaming service until 2007? How far they have come!
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Did you know Netflix has a movie that is an hour long about a fireplace for your home?
 I have turned on the Yule log video at Christmas if that is what you are referring to. I'm also surprised that they didn't start making their own content until 2012. It seems like they have a new property every day now. 
 In European markets, Netflix will monitor illegal downloads.
 I didn't know that! Netflix has almost 150 movies available with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 Same here. Typing askew in Google will make the page titled....LOL
 Oh wow. There are so many neat little hidden things on their home page. Did you know that Google once used hundreds of live goats to mow their lawns instead of hiring people?!
 Definitely! Google's datacenter electricity is about .01% of total worldwide electricity use?
 oh definitely, also absurd is that blockbuster had the chance to buy netflix back in the day
 ya I think they're bankrupt right? Netflix went from 50 million to over 2 billion in worth!
 oh definitely, they have about 140 million subscribers, with about 60 million in the USA alone
 oh ya I love Google, funny how they got started back in 1998 and that seems like so long ago
 oh for sure, they're so smart that they can calculate the traffic in an area by how fast android phones are moving
 wow that is crazy, I do think its funny how they change their border maps depending on which country the user is located in, in case there is a border dispute
 yes! I don't like sharks and spiders, did you know they evolved earlier than either trees or dinosaurs?
 I am not a huge fan, but I heard that they did that for a little boy who also had to wear hearing aids. That's pretty great!
 Disney is amazing!  Yeah that is cool,  I always see a lot of Marvel Characters when I go to Disneyland,  They are coming out with a Star Wars land too 
 Very cool! They don't have the right to show characters such as avengers and spiderman in theme parks in the East because of an old contract Marvel and Universal have 
 I agree! Sony only bought the rights to Spiderman cause they thought no one would be interested in the other characters
 Exactly, huge loss! There is one character that both Marvel and DC own
 So many people use Netflix! I didn't realize they have been around since 1997!
 Seriously! Blockbuster could have bought Netflix for only $50million
 Maybe they deserved to go out of business. Netflix is now worth $2 billion!
 That's amazing! Netflix has 137 million subscribers, though, so it makes sense. 
 Wow! I haven't seen it. Bruce Wayne only has $80 billion compared to Black Panther's $500 billion. 
 I'm not surprised! It's popular and streaming full movies and episodes will take up lots of bw. Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth, believe it or not.
 Netflix was started by Reed Hastings, reed was once charged a $40 late fee on a VHS rental
 He must have had that rental for a while. Blockbuster declined offers to buy netflix for $50m and now it's worth $2b!
 I think in Alaska. The same thing happened with Facebook and Myspace. Youtube uses a lot of Bandwidth too, Netflix and YT make up half of internet traffic in North America.
 I should have purchased netflix stock! They have 137 million subs as of 10-2018
 Yeah, I did see it. It was...ok. I usually like marvel comic movies...this one seemed to be just ok
 I haven't yet and probably won't haha. I didn't realize that the Black Panther is the richest superhero, estimated at $500 billion. Bruce Wayne is only $80 billion.
 yeah, you're not missing a block buster there. Marvel started in 1939 as Timely Productions and by 1950 had become known as Atlas Comics.
 I thought it was named after the Black Panther party, but apparently it's not. Marvel's use actually predates the founding of the party. They even changed their name to Black Leopard briefly to avoid confusion.
 Interesting! I didn't realize that it was a Disney film, either.
 Marvel created a superhero for a 4 year old boy who wore a hearing aid because the boy said "Superheroes dont wear hearing aids.
 Blue Ear! I think that's amazing and something for the little boy to be proud of.
 Yeah pretty cool. I wonder if China will ever let Netflix in? Only 4 courtiers do not allow access to Netflix, China, North Korea, Syria and Crimea.
 Maybe. It'll probably never happen, especially in North Korea. It's in South Korea though.
 I wonder how much internet traffic google takes up. They probably take up most of it.
 Wow 40 bucks, that is a lot now but it must have been a lot more back then. No wonder he wanted to start netflix!
 Speaking of black panther, he is actually the richest superhero with a networth of 500billion!
 He also makes Tony Stark look poor, he is five times richer than him!
 Tony Stark...now Iron Man, that was a good movie.  Marvel characters have had a strong run lately.  It's hard to believe that Sony once thought that audiences would only care about Spiderman.  He's one of my least favorite characters, actually.
 Do you prefer marvel or DC comics? I prefer Marvel
 Selling an extremely rate/nonexisting anywhere else material too
 Yes, I would like to travel a lot more.  Travel is so easy and normalized now, there's even a website where you can find people that will let you stay at their house as you travel!
 Yeah.  Another piece of interesting history is that rabbits were once released on islands to provide future food sources for other other travelers.
 That's thinking ahead... Better than leaving toll booths like Japan. 
 No, not often.  I am aware they have many uses though.  The military developed a boot that can be used in temperatures almost 60 degrees below zero.
 You might want to avoid Rip Curl.  They are N. Korean that falsely use China as a cover.  As if that's much better...
 I am surprised that that an african tribe made the style of clothes of their former German occupiers their own style.
 I'm surprised at how durable military clothing is and their wide use of wool.  One guy had a wool coat that weighed 8 pounds!
 Probably and payed a dear price.  I'm not a big shopper.  Maybe I should buy military coats because the last longer.  Actually, all military stuff does, even their buttons. 
 Yeah but I wonder if old soldiers can still fit in them.  I guess one soldier could as he wore the same shorts he did at his retirement ceremony some 50 years later.  
 That does seem a little weird.  Thanks for the chat!
 Yeah. I could not fit in a jacket from 20 years ago and Graff is fitting into his from 1945! WOw!
 that is surprising indeed, you know Apple had a clothing line back in 1986
 I looked at a few homes for sale there and they have beautiful homes for sale. Like $3M homes!
 They must be worth something! Did you hear about the store in Alabama? It sells clothes that were found in unclaimed baggage from airports, I would be mad to see some of my clothes in there LOL
 Wow that is cool. I think it's interesting that the phrase pull oneself up by their bootstraps originally meant to do something impossible and not to just help yourself
 Yep that sounds awesome! It sure beats going through airport security, I would love to take that bus around Japan though too, except all of their highways are toll roads
 interesting. I also find it funny that Netflix tried to get a deal with Blockbuster as their online provider and Blockbuster didn't take the chance. Their loss!
 Indeed! But it's crazy that Netflix actually spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth! I find that hard to believe!
 Indeed they are. Are you also familiar with DC Comics? It's crazy as it stands for Detective Comics which is a redundant company name!
 That's great! Marvel has become such a huge company. Even more so now that they are owned by Disney. 
 That's awesome!There is actually a superhero owned by both Marvel and DC Comics. 
 Named Access. Blockbuster made the mistake on declining the offer to buy Netflix!
 That's for sure, they could have bought it for only 50 million!
 How about Reed Hastings getting upset over a $40 fee on his VHS, so he started Netflix! lol
 Good for him! Now he has 137 million people paying him!
 Definitely! and that at nighttime, netflix itself takes up 1/3 of bandwidth in North America!
 I can't believe Netflix has been around for over 20 years. It started way back in 1997. 
 Really?! They have been making their own content since 2012, so I am surprised they are not making huge profits
 Did you know that MS University library has the largest comic book collection in the world!!
 I didn't know that. I'm sure that's neat to see. I learned a lot, Nice chatting with you!
 Are you a marvel fan?
 I am more into netflix shows.  Have you you seen Iron Fist?
 The first season was OK, but the second season has a new main person. 
 At least she is Asian which the character is supposed to be.
 No, I did not know that. Another major revelation is she may be the descendant of Wu Ao-Shi, the first female Iron Fist.
 Yeah, that's very exciting!  And a nice twist!
 Yeah, it makes the whole series come together.
 If they made them then I am fine with that. Did you know netflix was founded because one of the founders got late fees on a rental?
 Some people get movies sent to them.  I did that when they first started. Do you like comic books?
 They might not anymore.  Maybe it's now advertising? I like american comics.  Do you like marvel or DC more?
 I really like superman and batman the most.
 Yes I can believe that.  I constantly use them.
 It has been nice chatting with you.
 HA, yikes, that is good to know , i think? lol
 Well I need to look into that if I ever do travel, or at least just use the hotel electronics that come with the hotel stay
 Yes that seems annoying. Maybe I will try traveling on that Dutch Bus though, they're making it go a hundred sixty miles per hour which is crazy
 That is really expensive! Also expensive is traveling on Mackinac Island, they don't allow cars and so you need to operate a horse if you want to travel anywhere
 That is a good idea! That way if you ever traveled to that Island again you would have some food, but if you're a rabbit that sounds like it would be a horror movie LOL what do you think about horror movies by the way
 Yeah that is a great movie, I also like the movie Bambi even though I don't consider to be a horror movie like Stephen King does
 That is funny! I need to watch more horror movies though, you can burn 200 calories just from seeing one, and I need to lose weight haha
 That is funny, it's kind of like the boy from The Shining, he didn't realize that they were making a horror movie until he saw the actual movie years later when he was an adult
 Yeah I didn't know that, have you ever heard of the instrument called a waterphone by the way? It's the instrument that makes that creepy sound in movie trailers, like a metallic sound almost
 Iceland has no public rail service and that most icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns.
 That's really interesting. Optimus prime has died more than 25 times in the last 30 years across comics, cartoons, movies, and video-games. it has become a running joke among transformer fans.
 I go about once a month. I like movies like transformers for the CGI effects. It took 38 hours for one frame of movement. That's dedication!
 Wow. Thats cool. Danny, the boy from the shining, did not know he was acting in a horror film until several years later.
 If you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art, you will enjoy the art more
 Yes, like people eating shark in Asia.
 At least the consumption of shark fin soup has been reduced by 80 percent in China.Its a shame to put an entire species at risk because of a food trend.
 Yeah, while we're on facts...did you know that there are more people bit by New Yorkers than sharks every year!
 I didnt know that.I find animals interesting.There are about 20 quintillion individual animals in the world.
 In Scotland the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species
 That is amazing.Did you know that hiccups are a holdover from evolution when animals had gills and lungs?
 I never though about animals having a dominant paw.That is an interesting fact.
 It's a communist country. They don't want anyone to use words like censorship that would make them look bad. Our own government has shut down 17 times in the past 37 years.
 Did you know that Wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy them?
 Or that JP Morgan bailed out the government in 1895...that would be a risky endeavor
 Get out! Like government installations? The US publishes the names of anyone who renounces citizenship. I've never seen that list before! 
 Ive never heard of such a list either.I wonder if you are allowed to change your mind and get off the list?
 Speaking of saving animals and the environment. The NBA player Yao Ming helped in educating the people of China about their shark eating habits. 
 Many yen huh?  I wonder about Iceland.  They have no public rail service, no cars -- only horse-drawn carts or bikes.  Plus one has to dodge volcanos. 
 I don't even know what a waterphone is.  I did learn that Edgar Allen Poe is considered "horror".  I remember the "Tell Tale Heart."
 That's too bad... Their cgi effects are good and they take the time to do it right.  Up to 38 hours a frame. 
 Japan highways are tolls. Seems like a really expensive way to travel there.
 They got a 15 from rotten tomatoes though. So they may spend and make the money back but it may not be good. 
 There are 1.53 explosions per minute in the 2007 film. He likes big explosions, I guess.
 Yes I like horror movies too. You know that Stephen King considers Bambi to be a horror movie?
 I think he has a lot of good work that he put together, he's very influential in the horror genre, did you know that you can burn almost 200 calories from watching a horror movie
 Yep for sure, have you ever heard of the water phone by the way? It's a special type of instrument that makes that metallic sound that scares people in horror movies
 I love dogs personally, I never knew that there were 12 different blood types for them
 Yeah you would think so, it's crazy that they do dog blood drives too, but you would need to do that in case you ever needed the transfusion
 No I didn't, I wonder why gorillas are other smart animals don't understand that? Did you also know that Istanbul has trained its wild dogs to pick up trash and then it will reimburse them with food
 Yep I agree with you. What do you think about dogs not being color-blind? They can see colors just not as many as humans, why does everyone say they're colorblind LOL
 Maybe. It's pretty crazy dogs have 12 different blood types
 No, I've seen many jellyfish while we've been off shore fishing in the Gulf of Mexico, but I don't think they were this type. About the weirdest fish I've caught is the sheephead fish and it had teeth like a human.  I took one look and told my husband get him off my line and throw him back, he was too creepy looking. 
 That's interesting, I actually saw one swimming off the coast of Daytona Beach, one time.  I didn't know it carried all these genes, though that are similar to humans.  bet there are lots of scientists studying that little fish.   
 What a great way to prepare for a game go sit on a boat in the freezing cold lol
 I wonder what kind of fish they caught? Did you know that a goldfish lived to be 43 years old?
 Yes in 2007 youtube used as much bandwith as the entire internet did in 2000! That shows how much it blew up!
 Not sure if I've seen those movies.  Can you believe that a professional hockey player usually loses 8 pounds during a game?
 Hello, interesting fact baseball managers have to wear uniforms because they could technically play for their team.
 I think it's very interesting that kickball is also called soccer-baseball Canada.
 I do not, but I do know that baseball cards from the 1900s can be worth three million dollars.
 That would be really smart, but I would probably sell them to have money to invest in the stock market. Another crazy thing is that baseball is so popular in Japan, but yet its america's national pastime. 
 I suppose that's true. Did you know that in 1924 Canada scored 132 goals in hockey during the first olympic winter games.
 It's also interesting that hockey players lose up to 8 pounds in one game. That shows that they work hard.
 It's hard to believe that back in 1993 a hockey player got traded for a dollar.
 I guess which turned out to be a mistake because he went on to win four Stanley Cups.
 It's cool that ice hockey is played in countries like Finland, Latvia, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
 Have you ever heard of bandy before I guess it's another type of hockey?
 Nice. Did you know that professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of shoes in a week?
 Ha ha well that would even work better! In addition the shoes I also like close. There's a store in Alabama that only sells clothes, cameras, and other things found in unclaimed baggage at airports.
 Me neither. Back in the old days the pilgrim clothing was full of color they only wore black for special occasions!
 Wow.  That's a lot.  I would not be able to afford them.
 Is it steve smith?
 wow! I always liked that show when I was growing up. Did you ever watch it?
 I bet it was a bunch of black turtlenecks and nothing else, Steve Jobs old go to outfit
 ya humans haven't been around for long, if history were 24 hours long humans would only exist for about a minute
 ya, and we are also the only animal that can't breathe and swallow at the same time, so there is that too haha
 right, also leftover from evolution is goose bumps, that makes furry animals appear larger
 no I didn't know that, but I did know that humans can't burp in zero gravity haha
 well I do know that it is about four times as dense as the sun, what about you?
 that is sad, but I think Jupiter is the unsung hero of the planets, it acts like a shield and has saved the earth from asteroids
 no I didn't know that, also didn't know the earths poles reverse every 300k years, I wonder when the next one is due
 Before this article, I had not heard that. Had you?
 I think my subjects actually changed,  I had Amazon a few seconds ago and now that I looked back on it I have completely different topics.  Sorry for the confusion. 
 I think it is amazing that humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2-3 months of having it surgically shortened!  
 Yea wow 
  About 71% of Earth's surface is covered with water, mostly by oceans. The remaining 29% is land consisting of continents and islands that together have many lakes, rivers and other sources of water that contribute to the hydrosphere.
 I'm with you.  71 percent of the Earths surface is covered with water.  Incredible that there are some parts of the world that are suffering from water shortages.
 It's amazing to think how little we've existed in relation to how old the universe is.
 I wish I knew enough about science to answer that one. That would be something if they suddenly changed directions.
 I found the article about humans to be super fascinating. I could not believe it was only 240,000 years ago where we lost all the body hair.
 Yeah, I was also suprised by that fact, as well as interested about the theory that there is only one electron in the universe.
 True. Hmm, wish they had said a little more in the Earth facts.
 I am much more interested in the Earth than the Universe. Interesting when the earth first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 I think that people are really overreacting to a style shift in a comic, I'm sure after 80 years the character needed an update.
 I think that in this day and age, you need to capture the younger viewer to make your medium longer lasting. They may not relate to the same jokes that have sustained the comic industry for so long.
 There will always be people that complain about change.  In the age of the internet anyone can put their complaints online.  Cartoons always have new writer and they have to put their spin on it.
 Those comic books seem a lot more sophisticated than the days of Superman.  I'm sure the writers get more than the $130 DC paid for the rights to Superman.
 I believe it's become more of an event now when certain writers become involved in a franchise. I know Kevin Smith and Brian Quinn have had featured runs in comics.
 That blew my mind
 Yes I like to watch dancing but I don't really dance, did you know that a ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes a week by the way
 I heard about it.  It's really amazing.  It must cost them a lot of money.
 Yes I think so. It's all so crazy that Tupac was a hardcore rapper but he also did ballet in high school haha
 Well you might like the movie then haha, it's crazy that the first movie came out back in 2004, doesn't seem like it was that long ago
 No I didn't know that. I wonder if they worked harder because they were going to be fired then haha. What do you think about the fact that there was actually a sequel to the original Incredibles movie? But it was in video game for him, I never heard about that before
 Hello, in Sweden it is illegal to name your kid metallica! That is dumb.
 What surprise me about NBA is the fact that 60% of players within 5 years of retirement are broke. In NFL it is even bigger - 78%. That's terrible number.
 No way! They get paid tons. It surprised me that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the united states, I didn't know they were a registered thing.
 Where did you heard about "Normal-man"? I'm trying to pay attention, but never even heard of him hahaha
 Hello, are you a superhero fan? if you are then you might find interesting that there are over 300 hereos registered in the US.
 not really but i am familiar.  i think it is funny that you cannot name your kid metallica, superman, or veranda in sweden.
 So this is crazy and I had no idea.  Alan Iverson signed a lifetime deal with Reebok.  he gets $800k a year until the age of 55 and then gets $32M lump sum payment.  i am guessing Reebok regrets that.
 Thats a lot of money, they sure regret it  although I think his had some decent seasons lately. There is a player that was known as Superman.
 He is not a good free throw shooter though, 56.6% is very poor for a pro basketball player.   And he picked up his 16th technical foul last season and was fined $60k and given a one game suspension.
 Yeah, it seems like free throws are his kryptonite, I think that he is a bet that could turn better than expected, he has the motivation to comeback.
 Speaking of Superman, DC Comics paid $130 in 1938 for the exclusive rights.  good investment.
 I bet the party that sold the rights regret it to this day, considering Superman is one of the most popular heroes.
 I would think so.  that $130 was probably wasted.  Superman once wielded Thors hammer as he was the only one deemed worthy.  lol
 that would be a crappy job.  fixing everyone's crap...  there is a lso a superhero called NormalMan.  i am wondering what is super about being normal.
 Do you happen to know why they got banned_
 no  apparerntly were banned when they forst came out.  probably because they were for a current player i would guess.
 Hi, I live in Florida, so not too much of a hockey fan.  I've seen a couple of games and it seems very aggressive at times.
 Didn't realize that, when I hear hockey, I think ice hockey.  But, neither is really popular where I live. Lol
 I never knew he was so superstitious, though.  Apparently, he wore his North Carolina shorts under his uniform, believing they brought him luck.  
 Exactly!  e was well respected, by all.  I hear the Miami Heat retired Number 23 in his honor, for the years he played against them.  What an honor.
 Tough? I guess it's how you look at it. Ballers have it easier than gymnasts There was even a gymnast with a wooden leg, he even won six medals in one day.
 Really? I never knew that. That is fascinating. I wonder if the basketball court feels cold when playing
 Interesting that a movie I love growing up was thought of as something that later became San Andreas. Twister was my all time favorite disaster movie. 
 Loved Ninja Turtles, and no I have not. Not sure what that is about. 
 Was Mr. Rogers a TV show? And Won't you be my neighbor based off it? I don't really remember. Surprised it made 22 million. 
 Yes I did, I never thought much about it. Although, he was such an intelligent man so he probably understood life more than we did. And Bambi was a sweet movie. 
 I did! Do you watch movies?
 I might have to look that up! Black panther is the richest super hero to date though! 
 Really? I had no idea! I was surprised that Black panther was worth more. I thought Tony stark might be.
 He's weird. When Black panther came out, I was really surprised they called it that because of the black panther political party.
 I think it was! So many of us were like they are calling it Black panther? Kinda like when they came out with Soylent.
 Bambi really is a horror show. I kinda feel that way about Watership down myself. I loved the Mist though.
 Already! do you like comedies?
 I love thrid rock from the sun! So much fun!
 True, I'm sure there will be a list of new ones coming out this year! I really enjoy Comedy!  Did you know Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 of their shows?
 What? that's crazy!! lol Do you like Jack Black? He's pretty funny guy. He was suppose to play in the Green Lantern film.
 I had no idea, kinda strange, so was The Empire Strikes Back being nominated as best comedy by the writers guild
 Really, I didn't know that was a comedy movie? Interesting
 I never though Empire was a comedy, maybe it was because of the ewoks 
 Yes, I agree, If its slasher/gore I won't watch that. I saw Bambi as a child and got upset when the mother died. Stephen King thinks that was his first horror film!
 That's nuts, E.T was originally scripted as a horror movie, that would of messed kids up too
 That would be the puc. Not much of a hockey fan, eh?
 The 1924 Olympics was Canada's shining glory with 132 goals and their opponents only getting 3 during the entire competition.
 It is pretty nifty that they can have a basketball floor on top of a hockey rink. 
 OK.    I would've loved to be a fly on the wall for his matches against his sister Cheryl.
 No kidding. Breaking 8 national records is no small thing.
 Still not Michael Jordan, who was so good that Nike would pay per game fines because his shoes were not approved for game use.
 It's just a bit crazy when you have to have your shoes approved to play. I can't believe that physicists proved that Granny shots are the best technique for consistent free throws.
 I did not. I know there's a replica of the White House in Atlanta that was built as a private home though. 
 He also had solar panels on the white house...then Ronald Reagan had them removed.
 Yeah it is, I wonder if they have a surplus of them, because I can't remember the last time I've even seen a floppy disc.
 That is pretty wild, I guess that equates to all the military bases and test sites out there.
 It would be nice if our government did something like that. Our government just likes to shut down. It's happened 17 times over the past 37 years. It even happened 3 times in 1977!
 Oh wow, I find it funny that she rejected Bill's marriage proposals for two years before finally agreeing to marry him. I guess his persistence paid off.
 Yeah they definitely help keep restaurants in business during the winter. I won't go to most of the beach restaurants during the summer because they're so crowded, but it's nice during the off season.
 That's pretty funny. I saw that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
 I agree. That's pretty funny about Roosevelt. Did you know the white house uses floppy disks for storing some files?
 I didn't.  Think they would have upgraded by now.  lol  On Nov. 11, 2011 someone shot bullets at the white house and it took the secret service 4 days to realize it. Wow!
 I would think so too lol. Hard to believe it took them 4 days to figure that out!
 I know right?  Kind of scary it took them that long.
 I agree. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government
 Haha probably. The Norwegian government donated 1 billion to help save the Amazon rain forests.
 That's pretty ironic she flipped parties lol.
 I agree. Apparently, they captured the very first images of Venus.
 I also read that you could fit every other planet between Earth and the moon which is pretty amazing. 
 I have never been diving, but I'd really like to try it. I do know that 650 feet is very far down!
 Oh wow that's crazy! Did you know that since jellyfish are 98% water they would evaporate in the sun?
 hahaha! I also saw that there is a fish called the barreleye that has a completely transparent head which is creepy. 
 No, I don't think we visited the  "guest house"  but, I was pretty shocked to see the White House isn't all that big.  I've seen private homes around my town that are much larger than it.
 Oh wow, it does look quite "grand" on TV but if they're still using floppy disks to store files, I'm sure much of the other things are pretty outdated as well.
 That's funny, I can't believe they are still using the floppies.  I would think that would be a security risk.
 That's true, it may be pretty smart on their part. Did you know it took the secret service 4 days to determine the White House had been struck by bullets on November 11, 2011?
 I know, wonder how they missed the bullets whizzing around? Amazing, they could get away with selling the tower, not once but twice!
 Exactly! That's like selling the Statue of Liberty! Someone might have done it or gotten close like that man and it might even be in Wikileaks which the government plans to destroy.
 I think so too, but I didn't realize she had a Grammy to her name, it's for best spoken word album for a book, I didn't even know that was a category!
 For the audio recording of her book, " It Takes A Village".  I didn't know there was such a category, either.
 I completely agree! I can't believe the Titanic is 12,000 feet underwater and that people have logged over 3,000 hours underwater and we still don't know much about it.
 I haven't! Did you know that when Earth was formed a day was only 5.5 hours long? That's crazy!
 That sounds scary! Did you know that we have an official ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they ever come?  I wonder what that person does every day?!
 I only knew about it in balloons lol! Another thing I recently found out is that the only fish with a neck is a seahorse.  Strange to think about!
 A Twilight Zone episode called "To Serve Man" comes to mind, Men thought the Aliens were here to help because their manual was called "To Serve Man", well when it was decoded, the men realized it was a cookbook!
 That's a great one!  So true!  
 I didn't know that!  You should write a book, you have a way with words......a good way! Have you ever taken Creative Writing or do you write?
 The Millennials would definitely be lost without their cell phones! I actually didn't know that either, i'm feeling like I should have paid more attention in school at this point!
 Thank you for the enlightening conversation!
 Great, Planets are very interesting! I didn't know Venus is the only planet that rotates clock-wise.
 I do too! Wow,  life 455 light years away
 Wonder if we will make contact. The UN appointed an official ambassador for extraterrestrials in 2010.
 Yes, love that, very sad our forests have 80%been destroyed.
 Interesting, that's no time at all. That black swallower fish must be strong!
 Yeah, I will steer clear from it as it can eat prey ten times its weight.
 Yeah, they are pretty cool. But I would love to observe the immortal jellyfish too.
 I think it's cool that saltwater fish can drink through their mouths and also through osmosis.
 Right, 24 hours is barely enough for me!
 It would be cool if I could take a trip there. There may be more animals than there are stars in our galaxy.
 funny about harry truman not wanting to be photo'd on the dumbo ride because he didn't want to be associated with repubs. 
 yeah, maybe wikileaks can let us know about space aliens in area 51 too. 
 Me too, classic in my mind!  You know, I was shocked to find out that Aerosmith made more money off of Guitar Hero than any of their albums.  Isn't that funny?
 Heck no!  I read somewhere that the first youtube video that was uploaded was of a man talking about an elephant.  I wonder how many views that got?
 I agree, a must. Did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican?
 I did not, did you know that there was a large ideological shift in the Republican party in the 1930s?
 Did not know that. Funny thing about some presidents. Harry truman refused to be photographed in Disneyland on the dumbo.
 Yeah, that is so true. Speaking of governments, did you know that wikileaks published the plans of the government to destroy it?
 Wikileaks published plans that the government had made to destroy wikileaks. 
 Wow, that is quite a large scandal. Speaking of scandals, have you heard that Delegate Marshall argued for a law in which he called some cases of incest "voluntary"?
 What? No way. That is nonsense. Politics, really. 
 Taylor Swift has really made a name for herself and a lot of money. she owns an airport hangar in nashville.
 Yeah and on top of it, a $40 million private jet. I guees the needs the hangar to keep it there.
 Hahhaa true. Her album Fearless was the best selling on in 2009
 Did you know the first youtube video was of a guy talking about an elephant?!
 I didn't! Well youtube has come a long way, together with netflix accounting for 1/2 peak internet traffic here
 Thats hilarious! YouTube actually started as a dating site!
 Yea, did you know aerosmith made more money from guitar hero than any album?
 It's interesting that the Va state symbol seems to have a prophetic sign, since it was created in1776, when women would never even try to be in gov.
 Rampant nepotism... Monaco ditched income taxes because the casinos were sufficient.  We need more casinos! 
 That's for sure.  Too bad we all didn't grow up wealthy like Taylor Swift.  She grew up on an 11-acre tree farm.
 I can't believe she walks backwards to avoid photos. I hope she does not trip and fall to avoid photos.
 Seems greedy but she did donate the proceeds from Wildest Dream to African Wildlife conservation so I don't know what to think of her. 
 Yeah, must be nice.  Well you've been a great chat partner.  Thank you.
 Yeah that's a good point it is becoming so divided right now. The last time there was a president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat was back in 1853.
 Yeah I definitely agree with you. The US government does have a lot of power in Nevada they own 86% of the land there.
 Yeah I think celebrities have a voice but they should only use it to do good things. Taylor Swift has done a lot of controversial things like removing her music from Spotify.
 Yeah I think they are living in their own little world. Kanye West is another example and he actually did a Saturday night live skit mocking himself for interrupting an award ceremony!
 Yeah she had a lot of resources to help her out. And it all paid off. She was the youngest album of the year Grammy winner ever.
 Really???? That seems like... they got jipped on their album sales!
 He sure did! only $5000!! I bet he could sue someone for that! 
 I guess it has many interactions that follow the news cycle.  That's one way to remain contemporary.  
 I love/loved Monty Python.  Funny that the name was borrowed for a computer language.
 It's a classic... It's funny that two 100-year-old twins from Japan released a rap album.  It's never too late!
 No way! Amazing how free music is. Too bad most  of the 21st century's focus has been on cd's and MP3 formats.
 I used to listen to Aerosmith.  I can't believe the military is trying to get soldiers to have Spider-man capabilities.
 Yes, recently. Very sad. A talent lost. Did you know Marvel hosted a public wedding in 1987 when Spiderman married Mary Jane?
 Or if, if I have seen, go that if it is talented, besides everything is singer and comedian
 I can not imagine, this evan is a great actor, but I also love the pratagoniza the other powerful, this is much better personally
 I've always been a fan of the NBA and basketball, but I never knew that shooting "granny style" is the best technique to score free throws. NBA players refuse to do it because it looks stupid haha.
 That's they way it should be. I love tennis. The longest match in tennis history was 11 hours over 3 days. I wonder if that was televised.
 What! I never knew that. What exactly does "any item" entail? How about a baseball bat? They also used a helicopter to dry the grass courts in the '69 US Open.
 Literally any item that could hit a ball over the net, I suppose. A bat would've been hilarious to see! Imagine a tennis ball flying over the net at 50mph. The helicopter trick sounds brilliant! That's a lot of fuel to burn through, though. 
 Probably follow family your history. I've always wanted to do that myself, but even if I found out I was distantly related to someone like Einstein, what does it really matter? It really wouldn't change my life or make me feel better or worse about myself.
 Wow! He sure has a lot of money, but he seems to spend it well. He even gave 14 of his close friends each $1 million as a gift. That's pretty admirable! 
 Extremely admirable! I need a friend like that! He's the only person ever to be nominated for the Academy Awards in 6 categories. Pretty impressive.
 Get out! That's interesting! Well I have to run! Have a great day!
 Hey not sure how much you read so far, but it's crazy the FDA in the US has burnt six tons of books in an act to censor!
 Shows some crack in the wall in the shape of his scar lolol :) but thanks for the recommendation I don't know why I was ignorant to the idea of watching them. Weird that literature was an Olympic event!
 Oh yeah. He has handled the pressure very well though. Being tooted as the chosen one since high school cant be easy.
 It is just like Allen Iverson. He brought a very new style to the NBA at the time. Did you know hes still getting paid by Reebok?
 Its crazy some of the contracts now though. Lebron has a lifetime contract with Nike. Suppose to be like a billion dollars
 Yeah! I think he will be the first athlete to make over a billion with income. That was a goal when he was still in HS.
 Its crazy how it all started with Mj's shoes. He was the first player to have his own shoe. And they were banned at first
 That's the fruit from the forbidden tree! I know sneaker heads that spend thousands annually on shoes, Jordans in particular
 Yes it would. Tim duncan gave up money to stay in college 4 years
 laugh!  Definitely lots of people use netflix though - in the evening it accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in this country
 Yes but did you know they still mail out dvds?  They spent more on postage than bandwidth!
 Oh that's really cool. The actress who portrays 11's mother on Stranger Things has lived her whole life without legs. Very cool that she was able to be on the show.
 Yeah he was my favorite character. Apparently he tore his Achilles while playing the character a Achilles in a Shakespeare production. How ironic.
 That is incredible and I believe it. But they have 21.9 billion dollars in debt lol. Hard to believe! But it was great chatting with you too! Have a good day partner.
 That's cool. I'm actually glad to hear they get to have a meaningful life after. I thought they might just be used for breeding than disregarded after racing. I didn't even know horses had different levels of speed.
 I guess that's why we always see them together in commercials and things like that. I think most racehorses can be traced back to one particular horse. That's pretty wild.
 Yes.  I always saw them depicted wearing black and white in school.  I was surprised to see that Apple had a clothing line back in 1986.  Why would they get into clothing?
 No but that still isn't as bad as turning down a 10% stake in Nike for 100,000 like Spencer Haywood
 Not smart! Spencer Haywood did that? Im surprised they offered that stake for SPENCER HAYWOOD!
 Oh really? No scientist or museums are trying to preserve it? Is the ship still underseas?
 Oh my goodness, we wouldn't have had Hersheys! But the other crazy part is thinking about that ships were the main form of traveling vs airplanes today! We have come a long way since then
 Oh yeah! I know exactly who you're talking about, me too, she's my favorite! She's fierce and smart and tech savvy too! Even with simple themes like challenging the king's sovereignty in Black Panther, Marvel is able to make it so entertaining!
 Oh wow, I didn't know that, Chadwich Boseman, the main character was accepted into a prestigious summer program but couldn't afford to go and turns out Denzel Washington secured funding for him, what a small world!
 Did you know we almost put a un flag instead of an american one on the moon?
 Yes, the world is quickly changing, with new technologies always on the horizon. But, part of me misses "old things," like vinyl albums. I still have my record of Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, but I don't have a record player anymore! Crazy, right?
 Absolutely popular, which I understand, since it's still musically great. That's what makes me wonder how Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century. I mean, really? Not that I am a fan of Taylor Swift, but I would think she could outsell Linkin Park any day of the week.
 seems that way, they are friend and then insult each other. very rocky relationship
 Apparently the most recent problem is that Mick Jagger is having an eighth child even though he's 73, and Richards mentioned that he should consider a vasectomy
 oh wow that is really personal though. DO you have a favorite album from them?
 I heard it was still a best seller in 2014. "Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park is one of the best selling of this century
 I've heard of it. I guess most people liked it so much that without airplay and a tour, it reached platinum status
 Another story of determination is when Reel Big Fish released a best of album. They lost the rights to the originals to the old record label, so they re-recorded all their hits
 I've heard that though it seems yellow to us due to atmospheric scattering, it is actually white
 yeah. and it is so hot that in one second we can get all the energy we need for the entire planet for 500 000 years
 That's a lot of energy! And to think that it is only one billionth in size compared to the largest star we know of in our galaxy
 exactly. as hot as the sun is a lightning bolt is still hotter than the sun
 Imagine the energy we could harness if we could capture the heat from lightning. The sun also contains a lot of mass, about 99.86% of the total in the Solar System
 Ah. Thom Yorke played the laptop on some radiohead albums.
 Areosmith made more money from guitar hero than from any other album! I found that surprising.
 Yes. Did you know that the sun makes up 99.86% of our solar systems mass?
 Speaking of rotations, the equator of the sun rotates faster than the poles.
 haha ok I'll check it out! I want to play the piano from the Hindenburg, it was made of aluminum and only weight like 400 lbs
 The movers would appreciate that! There's a famous piano Freddie Mercury used and Paul McCartney!
 Wow that is cool! That is the piano I want to play. They used it to record Hey Jude!
 That's a pretty famous piano! They should take that one to the Smithsonian!
 or give it to me, haha, cool that there is a song made specifically for stress testing pianos and it is not playable by humans
 ya I go there every day, kind of wild some of the original investors were famous people like Snoog Dogg and Peter Thiel
 That is strange. I cannot believe their valuation was $1.8B!
 Probably... There always seems to be something new that pops up, like the redditor...
 yup true, pretty funny the first reddit post was about the site going downhill, thats typical reddit for you right there
 ya that would be inspiring, not inspiring is that only half a percent of people actually vote in the reddit polls
 hahah that is true, can you believe that reddit has half a billion monthly vistors and in a year about 1.2 billion comments?
 Go ahead dont worry about any spoilers lol
 Sure. A long time ago there were steam pianos. They were so loud you could hear them miles away.
 How cool is that! almost as cool as the piano that was found on top of Britains highest mountain, how did it get there!!!
 That one I don't know unfortunately. Lots of people play who you wouldn't think of as piano players. Richard Nixon played his own concerto on the tonight show once.
 I do and you're right. They do a good job of not cluttering it with ads, but still make a lot of money. It's because it gets so much traffic. They estimate 542 million visits a month!
 Now they are apparently worth 1.8 billion although I wouldn't be surprised to see that go up.
 no I don't think you can make money with it, its more just social and you can get good information with it, I guess there is a free online magazine that is based on reddit as well, so that is free so ya I don't think you could make much on there
 wow that's cool, and I guess at the top of britains highest mountain they found a piano! Like how did it get there?
 The average course uses over 300000 gallons of water a day. That is tremendous!
 There is not nearly enough money to be made when creating these masterpieces. Poe only made $9 for The Raven.
 Music is for all ages. Two 100 year old japanese women released a rap album in 1992.
 Oh man, so true. I know there's some poem that was written that when you read it forward, it's very depressing but when you read it backwards it's inspiring. I think I read it one time.
 I put my record player away when I had kids but now that they're older I've been thinking about pulling it back out so they can really appreciate some music. Our local libraries have tons of vinyls at great prices. It's funny that Dark Side of the Moon was actually a best-selling album just a few years ago even though it was released over 40 years ago!
 Yes, I do. The United States voter turnout is always so low, it's crazy. I love voting.
 Same here. I may not keep up much with politics throughout the year but I try to educate myself at election time. Sometimes I wish my state was like Nevada, and I could check a "none of these candidates" box for presidential elections!
 I do not. I heard there is a poem that when read is depressing but when read backwards is inspiring. How cool!
 Someone much smarter than I. Kind of like the person who does the javanese alphabet. When recited in order, it forms a poem.
 I read those in High School but I retained none of it. Edgar allan poe only got $9 for the raven
 Demetri Martin wrote a palindrome poem with 224 words in it!
 Me too. They toured when the album came out for like 340 days one year.
 Maybe Reel Big Fish could re-record their catalog on LPs...
 I meant that the actual layout of the holes and course - distance, hazards and such are different between any two courses.
 Wow!     Courses in the desert must require a lot more water!
 That is good to know.      It is funny Babe Ruth was once America's most famous Baseball Player and Golfer!
 That is cool.     There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on the planet.
 That is pretty crazy, but I guess I understand.    Many human behaviors came from animals.
 I live in Florida and about half of them are here with me!
 Ha ha, probably. As far as individually, there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on earth. I can't even wrap my head around that number. 
 I agree with that.  I hear that under Scottish law even the Loch Ness monster is a protected species.
 Awww, that's so nice. I'm glad he had fun. Did you know that in 2001 Linkin Park played 324 concerts?!
 That seems like a lot, must have been on the road continuously!
 I have read that they toured almost non stop for over 20 years, which must be some kind of record or something.  Just incredible!
 Poe is the one that comes to mind quickest.  It is funny he only was paid 9 bucks for the Raven
 I think it is amazing they can trace poetry from all the way back to 25th century BC
 Hello! Are you into rap music?
 It really has! Even judges rap to people like Eminem in court.
 I'm sure they drop the ruling like it's going out of style! Did you know Busta Rhymes voiced Reptar in the Rugrats?
 He does! I wonder what happened to him? I like him better than Kanye West!
 Oh I'm sure he does! He did once give his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert so he gets some credit from me haha.
 And it's probably Busch Light too haha. I wish I was getting that Judge Judy money!
 Yea I like old school rap, I never knew there were rappers who used sign language
 Sounds like a bad time. The rapper Noclue can rap at 14.1 syllables per second, I don't even know how anyone could understand what he is rapping 
 Me neither, I also didn't know Donald Glover got his rap name from an online wu-tang clan name generator
 I think Bryant took a good position I thought he was going to be angrier because of those comments
 Apparently. Korean rappers are a thing which surprises me also. They even came up with a new form of freestyle. 
 It's called compliment battle. I don't know much about it but I'm assuming that instead of insults it's compliments which is so strange to me. 
 Yes but only celebrities are allowed in there, kind of unfair. Nice chat
 Oh, cool. I like some rap but I don't listen a lot. It is crazy how much money celebrity's make, even judge Judy makes 123,000 bucks per episode....I suppose Rapper's and Celebrity's make a lot more but they do a lot more too.
 When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 At the time of his death, Onfroy was awaiting trial. As news of the shooting broke, several celebrities and musicians shared their shock on social media
 Rapping (or rhyming, spitting, emceeing, MCing) is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates "rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular"
 Good morning!  Do you follow baseball?
 No, didn't know that, that's like an abbreviation of the Republican party right?
 I watch it sometimes, it's crazy the longest softball game was 31 innings! 
 I would think that wouldn't work though! After all even though softball is played on a smaller field, it's still played at a faster pace than basketball.
 Yeah it's certainly interesting! Then again I'd argue it really is more popular here, people are so dedicated to the sport. Like until 2005, a single married couple scheduled all MLB games over 24 years, that's nuts!
 My kids were in little league, that's about it. Chicago cubs won back-to-back world series and haven't won since.
 Do you like to watch Dramas on tv. Hugh Laurie made 700000 for house. That sounds like a lot of money.
 I watched a few episodes. He was good on house. I like that Michael Caine started acting class because all the pretty girls were in drama. Well that was the right choice , look at his career.
 Amen, to that always go where the pretty girls are located.  I read somewhere that Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school.
 I heard that too and one of the girls from the office was in his class. That is good if she made it to tv
 He must have been a darn good teacher. Lol
 Lady Gaga seems to have a great music career. Did you know she was on the show Boiling Points on mtv before she was famous.
 No, I didn't know that about her.  I know Elton John chose her as his son's godmother, though.
 Yes, that is pretty cool. She can sing any music. I wonder if she would do a song with her favorite band Iron Maiden. That would be cool.
 Well, that would be different, for sure.  Do you know that she acts in movies, too?
 Yes, I thought she was great in a star is born. I like her version better than the original
 Oh, me too.  It was a very good performance.   You know her name came from a predictive text glitch that kept changing radio to lady?
 That's cool and to think she may not have had a career after her label dropped her. Akon helped her get with Interscope and he was off.
 I know, what luck.  Bad mistake on Def Jam records, they missed a big star. I bet they kick themselves about that mistake.
 So many people go to the Toronto Film Festival for the 10 day festival to see movies. That seems pretty cool
 I know there are like nearly half million people that go to that every year.
 I wonder how much people pay to go there for that long. But at least they get some good films from it that get nominated for oscars
 I know right, probably takes a lot of money.  I just don't have that much time to devote to watching movies.Lol  On a side note do you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity?
 Yes, I think Jim Carrey is better in comedy anyway.
 Well, I'm sure he's so famous, he picks and chooses what he wants to do, anyway.
 I have not seen much of him since his ex girlfriend commited suicide like 2 years ago.
 That is amazing!  Rappers can rap fast, so a lot of references to Big Mac can be put into one song, I imagine.
 It's funny that a judge once delivered her ruling by rapping in a suit filed against Eminem.  Eminem must have appreciated that.
 Anything is possible haha. Very crazy that he wanted Cha-Cha Championship back in 58, they need to make a movie about that
 Yep he was taken from us too soon. Did you know that a ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes a week.
 Yes he did and he apparently did ballet in high school. I wonder if he went through four pairs of shoes a week
 I was just reading an article about Rapper Freedia and a lawsuit over dance moves. I never really thought about that before. 
 Exactly. I wonder if Michael Jackson had rights to his famous dance moves?  He even had a patent on a device.
 I was surprised to hear about that, I thought he did that lean on his own, lol. 
 Yes, it has been around for a really long time. it has incorporated influences from just about every genre of music, and that caused the new hybrids...so many types to list!
 Yes I do like dramatic roles. I don't understand why Jim Carrey won't do them anymore. He says that he wants to just promote positivity and so he won't do a dramatic role anymore. I think so those were some of his best
 Yep it definitely is. And it's crazy that Hugh Laurie was making $700,000 per episode. That is so much money!
 I think he was in the show Mad Men. Have you ever seen the show the office? I guess one of his students was Erin from the office
 Oh I agree with you. It's also the fifth largest satellite in our solar system. Speaking of moons, Mars is Moon is 1/3 Hollow
 Haha that sounds really awesome! did you know that they were originally going to put a un flag on the moon and not a USA flag? I'm personally glad they went with the US flag, though.
 I somehow missed that.  Speaking of all those twitter followers, the LAPD asked her to tweet her followers info about roadwork.  That's funny!
 He is worth every penny of that money, he's that good.  And I never knew he was British until I saw him interviewed and I was like he's British, OMG.  Made me love him even more.
 How cool would that be to have Jon Hamm as your teacher.  I hear that Ellie Kemper was one of his students.
 Yeah it might be related to hiccups, you know we are the only mammals that can't breathe and swallow at the same time!!
 They found it all from a finger bone too.
 Yea, it's pretty wild that there was another species of humans cross breeding with Neanderthals
 Yeah from a single genome too.
 I have never heard of the Silurian hypothesis before.  Have you?
 Sorry ;) what is that ?
 ok, this I must google after this HIT ;) I love to hear about stuff like that ! ;)
 I'm telling You - Time Travelers ! ;) there was this Mummy in China and when they opened the tomb, it was wearing Adidas shoes ! ;)
 There are also many videos of bones in the ground of Giants ;) they look like humans but are HUGE ;) probably a scam, but it looked interesting ;)
 I think its posible, reptilian menaces called Silurians, the theory is that they evolved before mankind
 I think it's a crazy fact that if earth was a 24 hour period, human history only takes up 1 min and 17 seconds!
 I agree with you on that one! It's sad what we've done while we've been on this planet!
 Space is just a marvelous thing! I wouldn't want to be on the planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph haha.
 I dont think so, didnt know there was a frequency that caused fear in us so maybe in horror movies
 Well I'm staying away from carbonated drinks at the point lol. Did you know we can regrow a rib equally as strong in 2-3 months if we get it shortened?
 Do you believe that humans are the best distance runners among all animals?
 That is interesting. Did you know humans are the only mammals who cant breathe and swallow at the same time.
 didnt know no other animals couldnt do it.  plants are also interesting. Plants can produce their own vitamic c, but we cant
 Plants are interesting . Humans are too. Did you know that humans are unable to burp in zero gravity. I wonder what the astronauts do.
 I am pretty sure they use  special clothes to help them. Earth is also interesting and it has been over 4.5 billion year.
 Yes and Earth is almost 4x as dense as the sun. That is interesting
 Yes, we really need to take care of the forests better.
 that is really cool. Did you know that there is a planet that orbits around four stars
 No. Whats the name of that planet?
 It was discovered by scientists in 2013 but I don't know what they call it exactly
 Yes, planets can be interesting to follow. Did you know that you can fit every other planet between the earth and the moon?
 it is pretty interesting. it is also interesting the fact that some planets are not considered planets anymore. Dont understand how they can change their mind.
 I like the alternative names for our planet earth Telluris and tellus. I think we learned that pretty early on in school.
 I dont know  why Jupiters moon ganymede does not orbite the sun. If it would do so would have been considered a planet.
 Science is fun. Did you know the Soviet Union sent a spacecraft to Venus. It was the first time a photo was captured of the surface of another planet. I think we will see trips to Mars in the future.
 that would be great. next time we can talk about planet uranus.
 Yes, that would be interesting
 You too.
 I think evolution is an interesting subject for sure.  It amazing what scientists can find, such as this hybrid creature.  
 Yes it's crazy that the fragment is 90000 years old, it's crazy that a fossil can last that long and you can still get DNA out of it!
 Yeah it would be interesting to see what their civilization was like. it's also crazy that anatomically correct humans existed 300,000 years ago, that's a long time ago!
 Yes I agree. I think humans are one of the most astounding things that have occurred though. For instance apparently we lost our body hear about 200,000 years ago
 Ha-ha that's true. What is crazy though is that there's a sound that universally causes fear in humans, I don't want to hear that at night!
 That is weird. Also it's weird that humans have a genetic defect and cannot produce their own vitamin C, and apparently most other animals can, I wonder why
 Because nutrition companies and orange juice makers need to make money
 ha-ha that's a good point. what do you think about the fact that humans can actually regrow ribs? It only takes 2 or 3 months to do so
 That is bizarre for sure.  I guess maybe that goes back to the bible days where Adam lost a rib to make eve.
 Yes I hope so. It's crazy that originally an earth day only lasted about six hours when it was first formed
 Yeah hopefully it happens in our lifetime though. what do you know about the planet Uranus by the way? Apparently it rotates sideways and kind of rolls around the Sun instead of just spinning like a normal planet
 Hi. Are you interested in astronomy? There have been building blocks of life found in a planetary system 455 light years away! 
 I didn't know that! It seems to be an ever evolving field, because a lot of things that were considered planets before 1950, aren't considered planets anymore. 
 Neat! It's the only one that rotates clockwise, too. 
 That's so cool! There are 5 planets that you can see with the naked eye. 
 Yes, we are very adaptable. We can grow back ribs that have been removed in 2-3 months
 That's pretty awesome, unfortunately we can't synthesize our own Vit C because the gene for this is defective in humans 
 That stinks. Animals and plants can do it!
 That's very sad. There is almost no helium left on Earth.
 I already feel like some days fly by! You'd only have to work for an hour, though!
 I guess they were trying to make sure they were prepared! Nice chatting with you! 
 I believe that, as it began as a dating website.
 Hope there back to stay! ballet dancers sure spend a lot of money on shoes
 It's just so weird that we live in a time where we fear the most about being judged. What people do shouldn't be our business if it's not directly affecting us.
 Yes I have heard of that also happening. Facebook is a big thing now. It's so interesting how one web page can impact everyone. Like how Iceland is rewriting their constitution through there.
 Yes.     If Google is willing to pay nearly 2 billion dollars to own you, something is going right!
 I heard it was Justin Bieber.    Maybe kids didn't appreciate his dance skills.
 Yes! "Baby" by Justin Bieber.
 Interesting.    Speaking of dance,    did you know Tupac danced ballet!
 Bruce Lee was also a dancer.    I guess you never really know where people start!
 Interesting, why? 
 2004 to now. They were valued at $104 Billion at their IPO in 2012.
 That's a steal! (Relatively speaking)
 I bet they have better voter turnout in Iceland also. It wasn't until 1918 that even all men in England had the right to vote.
 True.  I've been reading about their high metabolic rate and four chambered heart.
 I'm astonished that birds can fly from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping. I guess their brains must not require sleep. 
 They are really amazing.     Some wild birds in australia can mimic cameras, car alarms and chainsaws!
 Well, anything that can evolve from a pigeon to a dodo bird must be very adaptive!
 That is nuts.     Perhaps the US government will actually sell Nevada, since they own nearly 90% of the state.
 I thought it might have something to do with their immunity from violating the geneva convention.
 True.    I heard Wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy Wikileaks.
 Perhaps they can use the fact humans are among the best distance runners!
 Yes, evolution sometimes results in things like a defective enzyme.
 Thanks!    Stay away from the frequency that causes fear in humans!
 The flightless birds have a different digestive and respiratory systems than their flying cousins.
 Maybe. I just learned that we can regrow a rib. Somehow that escaped me.
 Did you know that Turkey was probably not part of the first Thanksgiving in the US!
 Birds are fascinating.    Can you believe dodo birds and pigeons are part of the same family.
 True.     It also must help when birds fly from Alaska to Mexico without any sleep!
 I guess theres no escape, thats a lot of land, they should sell some of it and pay off some of the mayor debt the government has.
 Then again, it is easy to lie like the guy who impersonated a government official in France and sold the Eiffel tower twice!
 Yes.    Despite not being the fastest or strongest, humans are among the best distance runners in the animal kingdom.
 Then again, humans are susceptible to a sound that causes fear!    Reminds me of the comic books.
 I bet there are thousands of different types of birds in the Amazon. Most would have bones so hollow their skeleton weighs less than their feathers.
 Amazing! And there are birds in Australia that can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms and even chainsaws!
 I really like Hummingbirds. I just found out they steal spiderwebs to construct their nests.
 Human can be pretty cool. They can regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within 2 to 3 months.
 I must know it without knowing it. And to think it has only been 250,000 years since humans looked a lot different with a lot more body hair.
 It is very interesting how much humans have changed and how different we can be. We are the only species that cannot synthesize their own vitamin c, unlike all other plants and animals.
 I really like learning history and I find it so fascinating that the humans we understand today and all of our history and modernity only started 50,000 years ago!
 Just one fun fact for the road. A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower......twice.
 Wow that's scary. I used to love to fly, but today I have doubts as to whether they can afford to keep up the maintenance. Do you fly?
 No I didn't. That's a lot of words to process. I wonder how much of the info they actually retained.
 Yes I heard about that. I guess they would have really freaked out today because of all the information we have access to.
 Russell probably just wanted to put the whole sordid chapter behind him. He broke up with her via text.
 Did you know that the Russians made a computer than ran on water? I thought the Russians would have used vodka for most horsepower.
 I read a lot of novels. I think it's funny that novels created a moral panic in the 18th century. People were supposed to read poetry, not novels!
 I bet Anne Jones would have been a superstar back in the 18th century. She can read 4,700 words per minute! I wonder how much she remembers a week later.
 Yeah her warranty would be toast.  That is an interesting choice to put in there. 
 It is interesting that bacteria is used for the color.
 That is sad. When the earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 Yeah it would have been a long day.  The Earth was molten...  Is it true that all the Earth's helium will be gone by the end of this century?
 Funny a seahorse is the only fish with a neck.
 have a nice day
 I love roses. I have never seen a blue rose. That sounds like all of those crazy colored carnations that they dye. 
 Yuck. I agree sounds gross! I hear that they may be hitting the market in the next few years. Amazing what scientist can do.
 Supposedly the earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century. Does that mean no more balloons? 
 Not sure. I am just amazed that when the earth was first formed that a day was only 5.5 hours long. That is a lot of darkness!
 True. I never thought of it that way! This is a random fact but did you know that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck.
 Yikes. I am not sure I want a jelly fish around that can't die. I think it is crazy that the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight.
 Kind of like some of the snakes out there that can eat huge animals.
 Interesting. I did not know that. The sounds that are emitted by fish can vary depending on the species and stimulus. I thought that was interesting.
 Yes! I got so excited about the trees that I didn't finish my last thought but that's exactly what I was thinking. We've been here such a short time compared to the earth's existence! It's funny that we now have an ambassador for extraterrestrials, in case they ever make contact with us!
 That does seem weird and I've not heard of other elements disappearing. It's not from all the balloons, I'm sure. Early humans used tools with a lot of dexterity compared to other animals, but it just can't be all those balloons we've blown up!
 Yea, it's crazy how human use distance running to hunt, just repeatedly chasing an animal faster than you until it dies from exhaustion  
 Maybe we should have a fear of zebra fish, since 84% of the genes associated with our diseases, also have a counterpart in zebra fish! 
 Ha! That's a good point. I'm not sure how big they would have to grow to threaten us but let's watch out, just in case! I heard that there is a jellyfish that lives forever, but I don't know how that can be true?
 I didn't know this. I also heard that reading is a form of language processing.
 I knew that she was married to Russell brand but didn't know he ended the marriage via a text that is messed up.
 Yeah I believe it. I wonder if people worried the youth of today are being corrupted by computers LOL. Trans humanist want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks now that is something to worry about.
 I heard Michael Jackson didn't invent the moonwalk and the first ever recorded version was done by Bill Bailey in 1955
 Yea, it's shocking how far Google has come since it was founded in 1998
 That's crazy, Google's data center uses 0.01% of total worldwide electricity 
 That's crazy and Lucas got to keep all the licensing and merchandising rights for himself
 It is not surprising that netflix an utube make up over half of peak internet traffic in north america.
 Oh. I am a fan of hulu and did know that you could watch videos there.I think that videos could replace albums. What do you think?
 Albums are getting to be a thing of the past. Did you know that Linkin park's Hybrid theory is the  best selling album of this century?
 I did not know that Straight outta compton reached platinum without airplay!
 I do.  It's a really good and funny video.  I generallly don't like K pop, but with the dance it was fun.  Do you think Justin Timberlake is a good dancer?
 I wouldn't expect it to be that big as a search engine. I'm sure Google is number one but I would have expected number two to be maybe Yahoo or something similar. 
 I'm not sure. It is awful but there are such horrible musical performances on YouTube that I would not expect it to be number one. 
 Wow! That's pretty terrible also. Were you aware that YouTube and Netflix combined make up half the peak internet traffic in North America?!
 I guess so. I think the XBox controller is the best console controller. Did you also know that robots can be controlled using rat brains?!
 I guess so. The robot even changes personality depending on which rat brain is being used!
 I can't get through listening to that song. The robot sounds are incredibly annoying. You should listen to it to know what I mean. Haha!
 I believe you!  I guess at least the robot can kick a ball.  I guess it has some suggestive dance moves too.
 I usually like his catchy music but this was too much. I did not notice the suggestive dance moves the robot made!
 Yeah, the album was supposed to be inspired by his family but the music video did not seem to reflect any of that.
 Nice! Robots have progressed a lot since then, and they can now be controlled by using rat brains. The personalities change depending on which brain is used.
 I love those Mars rovers. So robots can now debone a chicken with surgical precision, huh? I don't have any hope for mechanical jobs done by humans in the future.
 Yeah, it's the second largest search engine on the net so I believe it will be around for a while too.
 Wow, I did not know that. That's odd. Wonder how it made the change? I always used it for the purpose it serves now, and I'm not alone. Youtube and Netflix make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 Haha, I used to watch that!
 Yes, and Linkin park's album is the best selling of the 21st century.
 Yes, I saw that. Interesting. I didn't know James Earl Jones was the voice of Darth Vader but now it makes sense! 
 I bet so too! That's alot for only 2.5 hours of work.
 Ha, ha, ha. Good one! One single google search uses a vast amount!
 Right, Taking 40% of web traffic n 2013 when going down for five minutes.
 Ronald Regan? The Actor? That's funny. I wonder what they thought when he became president for real.
 A new way to fame and fortune is competitive computer gaming, my son has been telling me this so as that I'll let him play more.
 There's serious money to be made in these new gaming league.  I think colleges are starting to set up teams too.
 That's crazy, I know the original Apollo mission ran on even less.  To think of the power of our phones, we should be able to do some amazing things.
 Entertainment has moved on from the time of Caesar, when the English used chickens to entertain themselves.
 Had you heard of this Transhumanist thing, uploading yourself to a computer.  I'd hope no one hits the off switch.
 Yep I do to.  Did you know back around 50BC, Britain bred chickens for entertainment and not food?
 LOL I agree. Do you like Nintendo?
 I love Nintendo. It was the first game system I had growing up. Hard to believe how much technology has advanced since then.
 I agree. I love my PS4. Did you know Bill Nye got his break after winning a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 I agree. Ronald Reagan was turned down for a movie role once because he didn't look like a president.
 I agree. Reagan was an actor. He was one of the only presidents we've had who wasn't a politician. Much like Trump.
 That's interesting. I wonder how that worked out for them lol.
 Yes.  I found it amazing because marketing seems to be needed for any album to succeed.
 With Eminem too, I guess when a judge delivered a verdict against him, she did it as a rap, which sounds like she has too much time on her hands in my opinion haha
 well it's two rappers who make fun of each other in a rap, but in korea I guess they invented "compliment battles" which ssounds like the opposite, that sounds much more positive
 have they seen the movie Titanic? it might be too old for them, but it makes me sad that the titanic is slowly falling apart under the water and will be gone in 20 years
 Oh I'm positive of it. Japan just stopped selling the original Nintendo in 2003! That's shocking. 
 Yes, I am shocked that the space shuttle's computer only has 1 MB of ram. They should upgrade that. I don't know if I can think of anything that runs on so little now. 
 I wonder how that worked? I did hear that someone built a 16 bit computer using only basic Minecraft building blocks. That's impressive. 
 No they were definitely not used much then. I didn't think multi-player really became a thing until the XBox but apparently the SNES and Genesis had online multiplayer. We only had dial-up then so I wonder how well that worked?
 I didn't realize that. I also didn't know the person who created rap was Anthony "DJ Hollywood" Holloway.
 Very cool! Mcdonalds payed rappers $5 for every time they referenced big macs in songs. 
 I thought so. Also, The world's fastest english language rapper, noclue, can rap at a rate of 14.1 syllables per second!
 Wow! I enjoyed his rap music. okay, the term rap is so closely associated with hip-hop music that many writers use the terms interchangeably.
 Two identical twins from japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.
 No way! So cool! Walmart only sells clean versions of albums and if an artist refuses to make a clean version walmart will not sell it.
 Rapper busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the 1998 rugrats movie
 Who knew?! Thom yorke was credited with playing the "laptop" on some radiohead albums.
 Here's a fun fact, the founder of hershey's milk chocolate planned to sail home on the titanic but work luckily intervened
 That's interesting.  The titanic is slowly being eaten away bacteria and will be gone in 15-20 years
 That's sad. The company that operated the titanic is now a part of carnival cruise lines!
 AHHHHHH!!!! Even when adjusted for inflation, the movie titanic cost more to make than the rms titanic
 Incredible. I didn't know they had more lifeboats than legally required!
 That could also explain why in the 70's they recycled much of their animation frames, resulting in identical scenes in some movies, cost cutting measures?
 Ohh! I had no idea. Thats good thought. Make sure they are reaching all corners of the world!
 Neither did I, and the early space shuttle had only 1 mb of ram.
 Thats pretty crazy to think what they were able to do with that!
 I also did not know smoking by apple products voids the warranty
 I wonder why they consider it a biohazard
 it sounds like something from starship troopers, which seems weird that the military read it.
 No but I saw the films which I guess is not the same
 Yeah they make bank! Funny though the inventor of basketball wasn't a very good coach at the University of Kansas!
 Yep. Believe it or not he was! They definitely won't make a disney film about him! I enjoy watching Disney from time to time. Frozen was the first animated film directed by a woman.
 Yeah my thoughts as well. During the 70's if you saw similar parts in movies it's because they recycled animation frames!
 Yes agreed. Speaking of the lion king, it was the first disney film to be dubbed into zulu for it's African release.
 I recently learned that the inventor of basketball is the only losing couach in kansas university lol ironic. 
 Yeah I know right.  Weird.  
 Yeah,  I never wouldve guessed.   Did you hear that in 39 of 50 states the highest paid person is the college or basketball coach,  this sport generates a lot of money!
 That s awesome.  I guess they play a lot that they need their own court lol
 haha I automatically imagine them in their robes playing basketball lol 
 yeah seriously.  That is a good movie though.  It takes a long time.  I remember it took like 13 years to come out with incredibles 2
 That's good. Did you know Abdul-Jabbar's dunk was banned from college basketball for a decade?
 Me too. Naismith is the inventor of basketball and is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history.
 That's pretty crazy. The US Supreme Court has a basketball court on the top floor.
 That's pretty neat!  There is a team called the "tall blacks" in New Zealand.  Yikes.
 Wow....that would never fly in the US>
 Not too much. What about you?
 Interesting. There is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring.
 That's pretty cool. Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem once.
 Interesting to know. Did you know Lion King was the first Disney film to be dubbed into Zulu for its African release?
 Yes, I did. That's actually a surprisingly large number if you think about it. Did you know that most kids who are homeschooled are because of religious reasons?
 Most likely they are given a set block of information to read, they read it starting and stopping a timer, and then are judge on comprehension to determine how much they actually read. The's the weird thing about speed reading, you can skim 50% of it and still get the required information and context of most blocks of text.
 I think seahorses are pretty cool, they are the only fish with a neck!
 No, I figured it would be the opposite way between fresh and salt water fish
 ya I watch it for a few shows like stranger things, the first show they ever produced was called Lilyhammer apparently in 2012
 oh definitely, only 50 mil at the time now worth 2 billion, major mistake!
 ya just to think, Netflix started over a $40 late fee for Apollo 13 lol
 ya there might be, I know that disney is making their own version, I just don't know about so many services though
 no, plus its wild that netflix and youtube take up like half of all internet traffic
 ya they have like 140 million subs and 60 million in the usa alone, thats nuts!
 ya I think you're right, but at least they probably wont do the dvd mail thing, that costs 20x more than internet bandwidth
 haha me too, but I didn't know the seahorse is the only fish without a neck
 thanks and watch out for the immortal jellyfish out there
 ya it's rough, but I didn't know that clint eastwood was allergic to horses like me haha
 I do have netflix I love stranger things! did you know they take up about a third of internet traffic?
 right that is shocking, did you hear the story of what made the founder of netflix start the business?
 ya he had a $40 late fee for keeping Apollo 13 too long haha
 that is impressive, and about 60 million of those are in the USA alone! also crazy they only started creating exclusive content about 7 years ago
 have you ever eaten a seahorse? I guess they are the only fish to have a neck haha, they are super small though
 haha that is true, I want them to do more research on the jellyfish though, we need to learn how it is immortal!
 True, most careers are very short. And injuries ruin them easy. I saw something about Zion getting picked 1-3 there was a difference of over 10 million by spots
 That is so much money. And I just wanted to be rich like Allen Iverson. He makes 800,000 just so they can put his name on Reboks.
 Wow, crazy. We've come a long way since Air Jordan's were banned from the NBA.
 Out of all that money, Robert Downey Jr. only made 500k for it!
 That is true but two years later he made 10 million for Iron Man two. Making up for lost time!
 Yes may he rest in peace! Interesting though he created Iron Man because he thought no one would like him.
 
 I have heard that before, but the NBA players are too embarrassed because it looks so stupid!
 Yeah agreed. One of my favorite players was Reggie Miller, but his career was overshadowed by his sisters!
 At least Facebook is aware of social issues? There's now somehow 58 total gender options, I wasn't even aware there was more than two!
 Ahah is that really a movie? I've never heard of that. I know the scene where Tobey Maguire's Spider-Man catches food on a tray is actually real!
 I did, alexis rhee who played Busan, also starred in Blade runner
 yes that film was put out in 1982 that was a while ago now. 
 interesting, at one point when Marvel tried to create their own studio they put some characters like captain american as collateral. 
 me either, lets talk about Avengers Infinity wars next, another release in 2018, the person who voices Jarvis has not seen the movies 
 agreed, I guess Robert Downey Jr. likes to hit food on the set and they allowed him to do it. 
 he eat it I think, because there are scenes of him eating some of it which was unscripted. 
 yup, Universal studies owns the rights to show some of the marvel characters east of the Mississippi
 I believe Disney has those rights now, the contract with universal was done back in the 90s
 yes, Odin's ravens appeared in the film also, they were there when Loki and Thor where having an argument. 
 Yeah I don't know a ton about him other than what he created. i need to watch his movie. Pilgrim clothing was apparently colorful.
 I am reading the Walter Isaacson book on him now. They only wore black for special occasions? Seems backwards?
 I wonder why rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet puts made in china on it? Political sanctions?
 It's even funnier if you say it in a british accent. Imagine if you are a judge and sue a small dry cleaning business for loss of a pair of pants. Seems out of touch.
 Haha very out of touch. Over 67 million too unbelievable!
 Agreed. Like Collinsville which has a law prohibiting saggy pants!
 Very conservative of them!  Aladdins pants were actually modeled after MC Hammer!
 Mine too! People wear pants because they were more effective on horses than robes.
 hey, did you know that Apple Computers had a clothing line in the 80s
 ya the plain, black clothes were saved for special occasions apparently
 haha that guy is a genius! also genius is a store that sells unclaimed baggage from airports, I bet those are full of surprises!
 haha no but that is really crazy, also I guess Romans saw pants as being primitive and a sign of a barbarian
 haha well he better for his transformations! I also didn't know that Aladdins pants were modelled after Mc Hammer
 I know, it's a complex universe that's been created!
 Really? I would have thought that would be Tony Stark!
 No, Ironman only has $100 million and even Batman only had $80 Billion.  
 Huh..I suppose though when you have a shrouded country with all that tech and mines for one of the rarest metals on earth you amass quite the fortune. 
 I also stay on it alot for work.  I understand all the constant clicking can cause real addiction that can be measured in the brain.
 Did You hear that Loch Ness monster is a protected spices ? :)
 What ? When and where was that ? 
 It was in Pittsburg, they became startled and stampeded children
 Who is that ? :)
 I definitely do not like the insects, but the others are okay. Germany is the first country in the world to give all animals constitutionally guaranteed rights.
 So people really believe in Nelly, I suppose. Supposedly hiccups are from early evolution when land animals had gills and lungs.
 Wow! That would make sense, I suppose. I may have to post that one on Facebook as I'm sure a lot of others don't know that. Speaking of Germany and Facebook, there's actually a state on Germany where the like button is ilegal. Can you believe that?
 Huh, I wonder why! On the other hand, Iceland must adore Facebook. They are rewriting the constituion via Facebook, letting the public make suggestions and changes.
 Right! When I was switching from My Space to Facebook, I thought it was so boring! I always wondered why it was primarily blue. Apparently that is due to Mark Zuckerburg's red green colorblindness.
 Ha, I should use that promotion as I feel I spend too much time looking through friends' posts!
 Same here as I do love Whoppers more than I love Facebook. Crazy they make most of their revenue from advertisements that appear on screen.
 Ha! I suppose so! That is weird, isn't it? Almost as weird as Sony only purchasing the rights to Spider-Man for $10 million thinking audiences would only care about him instead of other characters. 
 Yeah, music and lyrics were written by U2's Bono. The reason it shut down is no one wanted to insure them anymore. Haha.
 Ha! I don't blame them. That is an insane amount. Crazy to think Spider-Man went from a comic book anthology in August of 1962 to the most expense Broadway production in history!
 Hmm  That is interesting.  I wonder if in generations of domesticated animals that has been a thing?  Like modern day cats, been domesticated for years, will they still have it?
 Haha yes I'm not very good. It's very crazy that the whole is only about 4 and 1/4 inches in diameter yes people can get a hole-in-one with that tiny little ball haha
 Yea but there are a bunch of golf fanatics especially in the US. The average US course consumes 312  thousand gallons of water a day
 Yeah that seems like a waste to me. It's also a waste that in Dubai the golf courses can use up to four million gallons of water a day, I can think of a lot better use for that water
 Yea it's quite shocking Dubai uses that much water for courses considering they are in a middle of a desert
 Yep I agree. It's also crazy to me that in America golf courses take up the amount of space that Rhode Island and Delaware do when they are combined together
 Haha It would appear so! what do you think about Samuel L Jackson by the way? Apparently he has a built-in to his contract that he can play golf at least twice a week while he's making movies lol
 Yes I agree you have to be very coordinated. It's also interesting that the polo shirt was invented by tennis player and not a polo player in my opinion
 Yes and his nickname was the Crocodile and that is why polo Lacoste shirts have crocodiles on the logo LOL
 Now that is cool. Apparently he beat the"Rodger Federer"of table tennis which is very impressive!
 Guess you're right. And it lasted 3 days! Talk about exhausting, and that was back in 1969, it's interesting to that a black man won the US Open in 1968 but no black man has done the same since then
 Yeah, especially that one in Dubai!  
 I only play mini golf although I was on a course once. America's most famous golfer used to be Babe Ruth.
 That is shocking!  Then he became one of the greatest baseball players!
 I would say. That is crazy that so much of the earth is taken by golf courses.
 I just read that lol Golf courses in america make up more land space than rhode island and delaware combined
 haha good for them.  They are not risking their health out on the field or court and still making the big bucks! Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade. 
 That's fascinating. I wonder why there isn't more diversity in tennis. Maybe I'll tune in to the Tennis Channel to watch the World Tennis Tournament at 9am.
 Not really that much, just that helicopter used to dry the grass for the 1969 US Open.
 It is such a waste, but there's a golf course in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons of water a day!
 That is nuts - especially for a desert country.  Golf courses in this country take up more land than Rhode Island and Delaware put together.
 The perks of being a movie star!  Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer or so I've read.
 But, it's so ironic because that one losing coach was the actual inventor of basketball, James Naismith, himself.
 How racist! That wouldn't fly as a name in the good ole USA.
 That's true, it was banned for over a decade.
 That's pretty cool. I wonder what is in the room?
 Yep, he is the geenie. Did you know Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode?
 I cannot believe she makes that many an episode. I feel like there is always new episodes on. She is the highest paid celebrity after lebron james.
 Yes that's crazy. Ethiopia has a celebrity chef who believes he can combat hunger by encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods.
 Not sure how he does that. Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 I am surprised they have celebrity appearances on a childrens show.
 That would be pretty fun to watch. Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football.
 It is confusing having different names for the same sport. It makes sense that it would be called football though.
 I think it is confusing too. Soccer makes more money than most sports combined.
 I guess because it is more popular in different countries. Jon Stewart was also a soccer player.
 Oh wow I didn't know Jon Stewart was a soccer player.
  Me either. Another soccer player donated enough money for 23 surgeries for children. That is so nice
 Not that much though sometimes I watch the World Cup. The US got 3rd place in the first FIFA world cup in 1930.
 That's good they got third. I saw the city set to host the 2022 Qatar World Cup does not yet exist.
 Interesting! And there are no net economic gains for countries that host the world cup or Olympics.
 I think that is odd. I would think they would bring in a bunch of tourist income. Guess that's not the case.
 I agree. The Hungary national football team had one defeat in 6 years and that was in the World Cup final.
 More people should pay attention to the American women's soccer team. They do really well.
 Yeah and I think soccer is slang for it. I think we're the only ones that call it soccer.
 Yep. Soccer makes more money than most sports combined world wide.
 That would be very cool to watch. Jon Stewart was a skilled soccer player at one point in time.
 Yeah, I heard he represented the US at the Pam American Maccabi games in Brazil in 83.
 I don't really. I'm surprised that Judge Judy is one of the highest paid celebrities.
 I can't believe she makes $123,000 per episode.
 Oh yes they make millions.  I like basketball more though, I watch the NBA a bit.
 do you think the new zealand team name of "tall blacks" seems a little racist?? I kind of do...
 I think it had to do with the color of the jersey, but I don't know.  I highly doubt it has racial intent.
 yea i didnt know that! I like the sixer...cant believe the highest paid employees in the state are the bball or football coaches. well, maybe i can believe that!
 Yea I watch FIFA all the time, it's crazy they've been around since 1930
 I didn't know the host city of the 2022 qatar fifa world cup doesn't even exist yer
 I never knew that, usually the USA never comes close to 3rd place
 I'm not sure. I do know Hungary is really good. They only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956 and that was the World Cup final.
 That should be changed! I just learned that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined.
 Somehow I doubt it. I know Judge Judy is the next highest paid celebrity next to Lebron, making 123k per episode!
 Yes, I know. He talked to him a lot! I don't think his mother ever got over it. She was very close to Elvis I didn't know Kurt Russell was the voice of Elvis in Forrest Gump? I know Kurt Russell did a movie playing Elvis.
 True!   Even Freddy Mercury wrote Crazy Little thing Called Love in tribute to Elvis Presley.
 Yes, cute song. Have you ever been to Graceland? Beautiful at Christmas!! He loved that holiday!! I have gone to Lisa Marie's concerts and have a few of her albums too. I got up close to her, its amazing how her face looks exactly like his!!
 lol, That's funny!! I was surprise to learn Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street?
 That is at least as impressive as Robin Williams starting the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films!
 Not sure either ;) they missed an opportunity ;)
 They have great comedy specials. There is just too much to watch. I guess thats why Netflix and YouTube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 I have seen it. I though it was good but it is not my favorite. Comedy is very subjective. 3rd rock from the sun won Best Comedy beating Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier and I think all of those are much funnier.
 Yep I agree with you. I think Seinfeld is the best but Fraser is also good, did you know that Harold and Kumar started the genre of bromantic comedies
 Yep that's for sure. Do you know who the actor Ryan Stiles is? I don't know and I haven't heard of him, but he apparently dropped out of high school to go after his comedy career
 Oh yeah I know who that is now. Do you ever watch Netflix by the way? I can't believe they have 140 million subscribers around the world
 I feel like everyone I know has Netflix. It almost seems like that number should be larger. I bet Blockbuster feels silly for declining offers to buy Netflix.
 And to think it all started just because there was a $40 late fee on Apollo 13.
 Yep now you know haha. I think it's sad that Marvel had to publish a "generic comic book "in order to trademark names like "superhero"
 I agree. Demetri Martin was accepted in Harvard law, but left to pursue a career in comedy.
 I agree. Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy as well.
 Yea I think it would be smart to at least finish high school. Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy.
 It's a comedy show. Hard to believe it beat out Friends, Seinfeld, and Frasier for a Golden Globe back in 1997.
 I didn't realize it didn't have a rail system. Well if you don't have a place to stay there is a website for people that will let you crash on their couch while you are traveling!
 Me too! Did you realize that airports make you walk further to get your baggage so it takes you longer to get there. That is one reason I am so worn out when you are at the airport...all the long walks!
 Air travel is also slower by 10% than it was in the 60s just so they can save on fuel costs.
 He holds the record for wishes granted with the make-a-wish foundation with over 400. That is pretty cool!
 Doesn't sound like the brightest or most creative bulb. Well he figured something out. When he died he had a net worth of 10 mill.
 Yes, they are a Korean group that debuted with the top Billboard album.
 I'm not much into boy bands, let alone Korean ones. I'm surprised Bangtan Boys hit number 1 on billboard
 Well, things have changed.     It only takes 135000 equivalent albums to reach the top of the album charts.
 Well, since that was invented by Korean Rappers, we are back where we started!    Thanks for the chat!
 haha did you know there is a dutch commuter bus that can travel 160 mph?
 There are hardly any cars either. They must take flights from town to town!
 That's weird.  Here's another weird one: the Black Swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and 10 times its own weight.  Must be elastic or something...
 I haven't heard it.  I like a couple of their songs.  It's wild that Queen's guitarist Brian May has a PhD in astrophysics. Smart rocker!
 One of the Pink Floyd guys has a houseboat that he turned into a recording studio. That sounds like it would be a fun visit.
 Ha.  ...or the Japanese identical twins that released a rap album when they turned 100 in 1992...
 I didn't think that was possible.  I mention Brian May but forgot to mention that he uses coins as guitar picks.  I guess he gets his unique sound that way...
 I have a tin ear.  I never learned to play anything.  I can play CDs and Dark Side of the Moon.  It was released over 40 years ago and was still one of the best sellers in 2014.
 Interesting...  Also interesting is this guy Matthew Bellamy who gets off by smashing guitars.  Such a waste.
 That is certainly hard to believe. I would believe you if you said dolphins but not sharks
 Wow!!! That would be an experience!!!I wonder if shark like Iceland? I hear Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook!!! That way they allow the public to make suggestions!!
 It was recently discovered they were letting a few other big companies read private messages of users
 I think it should be older for sure, especially if you are entering into a contract with them
 Absolutely!!! Speaking of contracts, Lebron James rejected a $10 million offer from Reebok when he was just 18!! He must have had high hopes!!! And it sure did pay off!!
 I am old also.  Lol I do know some of the newer stuff like NWA's Straight out of Compton.  I hear that it was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour.
 Yes, it is amazing. Did you know Linkin Park's " Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century?
 That's cool, you must have contributed to that stat, then.  I can't believe The dark Side of the Moon, was still one of the best selling albums in 2014?
 If you could understand the language, it would have been funny.  I did not know that Van Halen was involved in "Beat It" music production.
 lol  ok I will bring some clothespins for our noses
 Suprisingly, back in Caesars's time 50 bc people bred chickens for entertainment.  I guess not having tv, the options for fun were slim.
 Also, they think universes evolve through natural selection like species on earth.  Who knows for sure?
 Some contributions have had value even if later disproved.  How would you like to touch a star?  Some are cool enough.
 I thought stars were gaseous, but maybe they have some other things to touch I guess.  Well, I look forward to the Oscars again.  I didn't know that Eminem had more than Leo Decaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas and Bill Murray combined.  That is quite interesting.  I wonder who will win this year.
 Wow, I would've guessed there was too big of a gap between them to know each other! Although there's a lot more to Lady Gaga, she was actually on MTV's "Boiling Points" even before being famous.
 I can't say I watch much TV, but I do know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid TV actor, I think he made almost a million dollars an episode of House
 He probably deserves it! I thought Jim Carrey was a very good drama actor but he says he's no longer interested in them, as he prefers positive movies.
 Michael Caine is definitely a great actor in general. Jon Hamm was actually a drama teacher, which is interesting.
 that is interesting, I wouldn't have thought he was a teacher, I do watch the office and he taught the girl who plays Erin, so that is really wild to me
 Wow I didn't know Spielberg was that talented. A fun fact I know is that every title of the Batman Begins soundtrack songs begins with the name of a bat species.
 It's good you remember that, and cool you know what they are now! I used to notice different versions of the Tarzan soundtrack, which I loved, and I later learned Phil Collins made the soundtrack in 5 different languages.
 You'd rather have Bird than Stephen Curry? 
 Thanks.      I find it ironic that she was on MTV before she was famous!
 She is godmother to his son.    A better choice than her favorite band Iron Maiden!
 Cool.    I was surprised to learn Steven Spielberg played the clarinet for his own Jaws soundtrack.
 Me too! Is there nothing that guy can't do??
 He might have trouble recording in five different languages like Phil Collins did for the Tarzan soundtrack.
 I also had no clue before that he did that. That's amazing!
 That's amazing, but the endorsements the players get are huge as well. Allen Iverson signed a contract that would pay him 800 thousand a year until he's 55.
 Hello lets talk about the bible. Before 1963 it was common for students in the US to read from the Bible part of their education. 
 Thomas Jefferson used a razor to cut out some of the parts of the bible , making his own version. 
 interesting. The word malus means both apple and evil, Apple became known as apple when the bible was translated into Latin. 
 interesting. the etemenanki building in modern day Iraq was most likely the biblical tower of babel
 Lets talk about star wars next. James earl Jones was only paid 7,500 dollars for voicing Vadar
 He was able to record all the lines in only 2.5 hours. 
 Lucas's ex wife Marcia Lucas won an academy award for editing the film while Lucas did not win for directing. 
 interesting. His ex wife won the award because she made many changes to the original film. the death of obi wan was one of them. 
 interesting. Star was dubbed in Navajo in 2013, it was the first major film to do so 
 Must have been the need for it!  Switching to dogs... Did you know that dogs drink with the underside of their tongue?  I always wondered how they got the water up there while lapping at it. lool
 i did not. Dogs have 12 different blood types, they even have dog blood drives 
 dogs can not see as many different colors as humans but they are not color bind. nice talking to you today.
 hey did you know that Google has a preference for dogs over cats?
 I didn't know that, I always heard that though, did you know only dogs and elephants can understand pointing? Apparently no other animal can
 ya, and I always heard dolphins and gorillas are really intelligent, I wonder why they don't understand pointing, also I didn't know dogs have 12 different blood types
 that's true, it's crazy that James Earl Jones was only paid about 8k for his lines in the first star wars movie
 She was really persistent in order to gain fame.She performed at open mic nights and began acting in school plays as a teen.
 She is cool to her fans too. She once bought $1000 worth of pizza for waiting fans.
 That sounds cool! And Rage against the Machine's contribution to the Godzilla soundtrack actually criticizes the film.
 Wow! i did not know that.  Do you know why they criticized Godzilla if they were contributing to the soundtrack?
 No, I do not. I have to look that up later.
 That sounds cool. That might be useful for my commutes.
 He did a SNL skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows. 
 LOL - no idea. Evel Knievel once sued Kanye over damage to his reputation.
 Yea he was awesome. Did you know Taylor Swift is two inches taller than Kanye?
 I had heard that about him too. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school because one of his students was Ellie Kemper. 
 I heard because of his belief system, but not sure what his belief system is.
 I heard that as well. Makes sense I guess.
 Yep. The term soap opera originated from dramas being sponsored by soap manufacturers in the past.
 I agree. Did you know Kim Kardashian has a book titled selfish? 
 I didn't know that.  She has 11.4 million followers on twitter!
 I can tell you that I miss Jim Carrey's old nice/comedy movies. he was doing well then disappeared
 Not literally, that was before she became a Diva herself
 Hello! Do you like the NBA? I used to play basketball. Apparently physicists say the granny shot is the best technique for a free throw!
 Oh nice. Yeah LSU is more football oriented for sure. Yeah those shoes were nice. Iverson also made a lot of money-About 32,000,000 with Reebok!
 Whoa I never knew that! Wonder why it went so badly? I think it's interesting how players skip college for the NBA nowadays. Tim Duncan sacfrificed money to stay in college 4 years. Pretty smart I think.
 Well, he was really an outstanding player that major collegiate basketball schools, like Kentucky, missed.  He has really added emphasis on the 3-pointer as a game strategy and it shows in the MVP awards and the national championships.
 Yea I agree. I bet the only time he was scoreless was back in Davidson when the other team double teamed him the entire game! Davidson still won though.
 Yes most likely. I wonder if they will ever make a movie about him. I like Disney movies. The Lion King was the first movie to be dubbed in Zulu for its African release!
 Oh yeah true. Wow Disney owns so many things-and now Star Wars too. The first animated Disney movie directed by a female was Frozen! She sure set a high standard.
 I have visited Epcot in FL, but that is the extent of my exposure to Disney theme parks and resorts.  Its such a behemoth that its considered one of Hollywood's Big 6 film studios!  
 We will have to see what is next from Disney acquistion blockbuster will be!
 ah interesting, ya I like the old one, it's interesting that this one uses CHristian bale as a voice I like him
 ya I wonder if most of that bandwidth is just from fireplace videos haha, do you know that netflix pays people to just tag the content of netflix videos? they're called "taggers" haah
 ya that would add up fast! I like good movies, I guess Netflix has 150 movies with a perfect 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, I need to watch them all
 ya I'm not sure but I bet there are some there, do you ever download movies illegally? I guess Netflix looks at the number of downloaders and will put those epopular movies on their network
 yup I agree, pretty funny that netflix wanted to merge with blockbuster to become their online streaming service, and they got laughed out of the office lol
 Could have bought a $2 billion company for $50 million
 haha yup thats true, do you like the disney company? THey are coming out with their own streaming service btw
 ya it will be so many streaming services if they come out, did you know their company makes about 1000 dollars a second though? 
 That is really amazing. Have a good day!
 Yes I agree with you! It's crazy how much they spend on their exclusive content to, they went into debt of two billion dollars back in October in order to fund all of the new content that they're making
 Yeah I agree, it's also crazy how much it would cost to ship the DVDs though. It costs 20 times more money than just streaming. It's all so crazy that Netflix takes up a third of all internet bandwidth from 9 a.m. To 12am
 Yeah I agree with you. I do think it's funny though how Netflix got started. The founder was stuck with a $40 late fee for renting Apollo 13 LOL that is a good movie but that would really make me mad too
 Yes I agree with you. Disney is also the largest Independent Media conglomerate to. They have a ton of money. alSo they have 14 theme parks around the world
 Yeah I think so. Have you ever seen the movie Big Hero 6 by the way? I thought it was ok, but it took a 55000 core supercomputer to render that movie, pretty crazy huh
 Right there are two movies. One was made a long time ago, the other was made in the 90s with Robin Williams, apparently the Robin Williams one Bill Nye the Science Guy was one of the technical consultants LOL I don't know how realistic that movie is though
 I didn't, was that Stephen King as well, or Speilberg? 
 ya Wikileaks definitely has pros and cons, also weird with the government is that it owns almost 90% of the land in nevada
 yup, it should be utilized somehow, what is nice is that Norway I guess donated about a billion dollars to help save the rainforest
 that is very ballsy! like he did it not just one time, but two times, like wasn't 1 enough haha
 haha yup that takes a special kind of person, like the kind of person who thinks Bambi is a horror movie haha
 ya I could see that, don't know if thats horror but its traumatizing, I need to watch more horror movies though they can burn 180 calories
 yup thats a good question, also if you check out art after watching horror, I guess you appreciate the art more
 oh ya I would definitely go, I would have to check the sound difference though, i guess things are higher pitched on mars
 ya, well if we can figure out how to travel at 1g, we could get to mars in about 3 days, not bad!
 I do watch it quite a bit at night. Netflix does seem pretty popular. Their own series always seem to gain awards. 
 What I am curious about is what 150 movies have 100% from rotten tomatoes? I don't think I've ever seen a movie with a 100% from them. 
 Neither do I.  Did you know that Clint eastwood, the actor, had an allergy to horses
 It's so shocking that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong and other astronauts to moon
 I know.  Did you know that google once used hundreds of live goats to mow their lawns
 Not sure. Can you believe that professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week?
 You should try! It is a show performance horse! Very pretty. Icelandic horses have a fifth speed called tolt, but most horses have 4 speeds.
 Yeah exactly. Clint Eastwood rode a lot of horses in his movies but he ended up being allergic to them! That would make riding tough.
 Yeah good point. Do you use google very often? A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon!
 Haha yes I would love to go to the moon too. At the google headquarters they use live goats to trim their lawn!
 Yeah they don't have the word privacy in their dictionary. They are powerful though. When there is a disputed border google maps tailors its maps to claims of each country.
 Yeah me too. It seems like they just care about making money. Do you like dancing? I don't very much but Bruce Lee was apparently a great dancer and was a champion dancer in 1958.
 That's for sure. Tupac was also a ballet dancer in high school. I never would have guessed that because he never rapped about it!
 You as well! Even babies can dance lol. Have a good day!
 Hello, it's very unique. I saw there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe.
 Very crazy. There are stars in the universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.
 I agree. There is a region in space that might be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe.
 Wow, there must be like a massive super black hole nearby, a real planet and universe eater
 That's very interesting. The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files which is strange.
 I think so. Bush had solar panels re-added to the white house. 
 I can't believe it took them 4 days to determine bullets had struck the white house.
 The video really was a strange situation. I sympathies with the family, disagree with their wrongful death claims, but I think they have a point about the secrecy.
 I take they must have felt a bit powerless in the situation, wanting to share the video with news outlets and the public to show what they felt was a miscarriage of justice. I'm not sure why the video would need to be kept so private after the event. They could have blurred the face and modified the voice of the Marshal if identity was the issue. 
 Oh, I absolutely agree. It's pretty scary how behind-the-times and tech-illiterate the people dictating our laws, institutions...virtually everything are. It definitely makes it that much harder to have any faith at all in these institutions, which you see evidence of everywhere, including in this storyfrom Angilau and his family to the AP and beyond.
 Have you heard about Wikileaks publishing the Governments plans to destroy Wikileaks? I'm guessing that plan was foiled.
 Yeah, the dude was about to stab a witness testifying against him. That was wild!
 Yep I'm glad that US Marshal was able to save him, itd be really painful to be stabbed with a pen
 That wouldn't be a good feeling at all. They say the guy was a member of the Tongan Crips. The gang is made up of descendants of the Polynesian island nation of Tonga.
 No I didn't. I wonder why they felt that was necessary? It's scary that JP Morgan bailed out the USA in 1895, I wonder what the whole situation was where that was necessary
 It is very crazy. Wasn't that around the time that Guantanamo Bay scandal was going around? That sounds sketchy with JP Morgan bailing the government. 
 Yeah, I think now we just have more media coverage that makes us more aware than in times past.
 I wear it most of the time. I'm mostly a nudist undercover though. Haha. Did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986?
 That is awesome. I recently saw where somebody broke the record by wearing like 140 shirts. 
 That's a lot of shirts! I'm just glad that people dont put their clothes in a geyser anymore, for cleaning them anyway that sounds dangerous haha
 Would you ever wear clothing made of asbestos though? Apparently the Greeks would do that I wonder if they got lung cancer
 No i didn't. THAT'S CRAZY.  i DID KNOW THAT THE NORWEGIAN  GOVERNMENT DONATED 1 billion to the amazon rainforest in 2008
 I hope he got in trouble.  Changing topics, dis you know Apple had a clothing line in the 80's.
 I'm not a big fashion guy, but fashion experts can tell if your clothes are tailored by the collar.
 Sounds like false advertising to me.  Here is a funny fact.  in alabama, there is a store  that only sells clothes, cameras, etc found in unclaimed baggage at airports 
 Lol, that is funny. I heard awhile back that Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer.
 ...so I've read that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France... Do You know what does that mean ?
 Did You hear that The white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files ?
 what bullets ?
 did You hear George w. bush had solar panels put back on the white house ? I wonder who took them down ?
 You wrote that already m8... Did You know that Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before he became a rapper ?
 Really ? What is so special in his rap ? I could never understand that ?
 What's "akon" ?
 Is it another rap artist ?
 For any specific reason ? Voice ? Lyrics ?
 The white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
 Did not know that.
 Roosevelt banned Christmas trees at the white house because he was such a conservationist.
 Good for Teddy, just bully!  I got one, I hear the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.
 Pretty smart on their part, good security measure.  Youngsters nowadays don't have a clue what they are or how they operate.
 I've heard that as well. Bush had solar panels put back on the white house.
 Sorry, that was just the momentary lapse!  Did you know the White House got shot and it took the secret service 4 days to realize it?  
 There are scientists who think the universe evolves through natural evolution much like species here on Earth.
 Thank God the author said no lol, JK Rolling also got turned down 12 publishers before she published the book
 That is quite a threat! Did you know they had to open a british owl society to house the abandoned pet owls from HP fans?
 Yeah that makes sense. I can't believe that JK Rowling was turned down by 12 Publishers before she finally found someone to make her books slow
 People don't think through their decisions like getting pet owls unfortunately, it's interesting that Michael Jackson wanted to do a Harry Potter Musical though
 Speaking of weird pets, Michael Jackson had a collection too! Rowling wanted an all british cast. 
 Yes I think that makes sense. It's funny that Warner Brothers was going to threaten movie theaters if they ever put up a poster that parodied Harry Potter, I guess they were worried about their bottom line
 Yes it's Tom Hanks actually. He's made over  8.5 billion dollars at the box office worldwide, that's insane!
 Makes sense but that a lot of money! Wow!
 Yes exactly! What do you think about Disney almost shutting down there Animation Studio? Sleeping Beauty apparently didn't make much money yet it's one of my favorite movies
 Yes I agree. Did you ever see the movie Trojan Wars by the way? And only need about $300 at the box office LOL
 $300!!!!???? What a dud! Did you see it? Well, the odds are that you did not...
 That's so funny.  Wouldn't you hate to be one of the 12 publishers that turned that down.  Ooh, what a BURN.
 Me either, the original is always the best.  What I didn't realize is that with Valentine's Day coming up soon, Silence of the lambs came out on Valentines' Day 1991. 
 That's  alot of money and a very scary movie.  I read somewhere that Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star, with over $8.5 billion worldwide.
 Yes, I love TV. I heard that Hough Laurie gets $700,000 for every episode in house. I would not know what to do with all that money. 
 Me either, but he's worth it.  I never knew he was British until I heard him being interviewed one time on tv and he was speaking British and I was like OMG, I would have never known, he's just that good.  House is one of my favorite tv shows, though.  I wish it was still on.
 That's an interesting tidbit.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning, I have to go and walk my dog.  Talk to you later, friend.
 In heard that they are thinking it's ticket sales will break the internet lol I need to see a film!
 That's sad! I heard JK R owling was turned down by 12 publishers before finally finding someone to take her Harry Potter book
 Hmm I didn't know it was that much. I heard she turned down Michael Jackson to do a musical
 I heard that too. Did you know Tom Hanks is the all time highest b office star
 No, That's a little surprising but Tom Hanks has been in a lot of good movies
 Yes he has he has earned 8.5 billion in movie earnings!
 Wow that's a lot. I know DIsney makes a ton of money but they almost stopped making animation movies after sleeping beauty was a box office failure
 That's insane! How could that be? I love that movie. They had a real flop which was Treasure Planet it was one of their most expensive box office failures
 Wow, not surprised that was a great movie. Hugh Laurie in the tv drama House made 700,000 an episode! That's insane. 
 Not really as I am not into politics. I find it interesting that a cat named hank placed third in a Virginia senate election.
 Ha interesting! And maybe it is because he did not blink a lot. The faster blinker in presidential debates has lost every election since 1980!
 Maybe they seem more nervous! It must be nerve wracking to have so many people watching you. And that's not even all of them either, like Astronauts vote from space somehow!
 Nice! In Oregon they vote differently too, as all elections are conducted by mail there.
 Different places really do have such varied techniques it's crazy. I think in India, they have a polling booth in  forest full of lions, just for ONE voter!
 Wow, and I bet the lions are not up for vote. A dog beat two people in a mayoral election and was mayor for 13 years.
 Ahah wow, at this point I'm convinced the lions still get to vote themselves. For some reason, 34% of the black male population of Alabama has permanently been banned from voting, that's crazy!
 And I guess those of us who can vote don't always take voting seriously since there are various animals who have been elected or nearly elected. I 1998 a chimpanzee got 400000 votes for mayor in Rio de Janeiro, coming in third.
 They might actually have a point, haha. In 2000 40 percent of Alabamans voted to keep the unenforceable ban on interracial marriage in their state.
 Well a lot of things need to be corrected for sure in our society but at least our government hasn't banned the word censorship lik China's government has.
 I never knew that, literally the word! The US government wanted to destroy Wikileaks just so information couldn't come out. Ironically, Wikileaks was the one who exposed them.
 Did you know the US publishes the names of anybody who renounces their citizenship?
 Wow interesting! What do you think of the electoral vote? If Canada were one state it would have only 50 electoral votes.
 Living in Monaco seems kind of cool though. They got rid of income tax because the casino revenue was sufficient to sustain the government.
 I didn't know jazz had some roots in European military band music.  Blues and ragtime sure that makes sense
 I wasn't aware of that, either.  My understanding has been that jazz really got its roots in the deep south, in places like New Orleans.
 Did you see that Linkin park is the best-selling album of the 21st century?  That doesn't seem right
 I was just surprised that it was invented in 1700.  I would have suspected it being invented earlier.
 What do you think about these new age summer camps?
 Bruce Lee was an expert at both forms!    He won the Hong Kong Cha-cha championship in 1958.
 I dont know if he did, but Tupac did.
 Interesting.    Tupac also danced ballet in high school.    A Renaissance guy!
 I wonder if he could try his hand at a palindrome poem like the one Demetri Martin wrote.
 True.    Another crazy poem is the depressing one when read forward that becomes inspiring in reverse.
 Probably a bit of both.    Nothing like the Epic of Gilgamesh, I'm sure.
 I wonder if Mr. Rogers would've agreed with Germany to give legal rights to animals.
 That's interesting! I have been attempting to learn the splits actually lately, its not yoga but its a start?
 Perhaps so.    I heard someone describe yoga as your own private reality show.    Kind of wacky!
 Imagine those classes where they do that naked!     A far cry from Kids Yoga.
 Can you believe there are 20 quintillion animals on the Earth!
 Thats incredible. No wonder there has been so much poetry directed at animals and our love for them.
 Poetry is also quite diverse.    There is one poem with different emotional impact when read forwards or backwards.
 Really? Did you know almost all of the hobbit characters names were taken from an old icelandic poem?
 Interesting.     At least they didn't have to pay royalties.    Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 when "The Raven" was first published.
 Yea, I believe things like that were common practice when publishers stole the royalties from writers back in the day.
 Wow! I did not. Do you know which guitarist?
 Ah. Queen's guitarist also had a phd in astrophysics.
 He also used coins as picks, mostly the english sixpence.
 And "Hybrid Theory" is the bestselling album of the entire 21st century so far.
 Did you know a Bob Marley album has been on the charts for 914weeks?
 Wow! How many years is that? Like 18 years? That must have been an excellent album then.
 Is he? I guess thats why Million Dollar baby had a jazz score
 Oh wow! Thats just as surprising as Dark side of the moon being one of the top albums of 2014
 True. But they had not so many citizens. Just of few percent of male population were citizens in their cities. I actually didn't know that all elections in Oregon are conducted by mail. I guess many people know it, but not me. lol
 That is interesting, maybe the voter turnout will be better since it does not involves going to another place. I would appreciate that. 
 I honestly have no idea how black males in Alabama lost their right to vote. What does permanently lost means? It sounds very strange. I'll google it after hit.
 Wow, that is odd.  Especially since he learned from Miles Davis, another great musician!
 Wow, you really know your stuff.  I'm still learning.  It's amazing what these musicians can do especially when you think about how it's just a bunch of hammers striking strings.  It's amazing!
 In 2006 a group of climbers found a piano on Britain's highest mountain. I wonder how it got there?
 Oh wow!  I didn't know that.  It's kind of interesting that she had a touch of jazz and piano in her gospel music.  Things that we just talked about.
 That's pretty cool, I never knew that. I did know Clint Eastwood is a huge jazz fan
 That's one legendary tree. Nowadays pianos can be made from aluminum and weigh in at 356 pounds
 Really, I  have not heard any of it. I like Clint Eastwood movies but was unaware of his lifelong interesting in jazz. 
 It was. All of his movies are great! lol, Wow at 100 years of age you can release a rap album in Japan!
 Britain's highest mountain has a piano on it. Great chat!!
 I heard he was a really good dancer. I think he even won a championship for dance.
 That's pretty funny. Professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes a week.
 I saw that too. Guess that makes sense given how far he was able to lean over when dancing.
 I had heard that. That's pretty funny. I can't imagine him being a ballet dancer.
 Very interesting. Did you know babies will dance to music by instinct?
 Wow - that's quite a lot of animals! I saw animals get white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 That's funny. Hiccups are from early evolution when land animals had both lungs and gills.
 He has a PhD in astrophysics. And he shreds.
 He holds a Guinness world record for most guitars smashed on a tour. What a waste.
 Yeah, it must be hilarious! Did you know an album from 40 years ago was the best selling album of 2014? 
 No, I didnt what is the name of that album? that is really unusual
 It was Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the moon surprisingly! 
 I didn't know that! Comedy is always surprising to me. 3rd Rock From the Sun actually beat Seinfeld and Friends for best comedy.
 Surprise to me! A lot of comedians are drop-outs--class clowns with better things to do than school. Like Ryan Stiles, who dropped out of HS to pursue comedy.
 He definitely could with all those talents! Although anyone can make a rap album, did you know two Japanese twins made an album at age 100?
 Wow, more than emotionally attached it sounds very expensive too. Guitar is difficult and takes some great minds. Did you know Brian May had a phD in astrophysics?
 Ahah it's certainly a good side job. It must be more difficult to use coins for sure though
 I don't think so, I think he is newer school! Speaking of Pink Floyd, the Dark Side of the Moon was one of the best selling albums a few years ago.
 Yes, they say the universe may exist in a black hole!
 True, The deepest note in the universe produces 57 octaves below middle c.
 Yes, very cool to think about! In theory there is a cold spot  that has a link to a parallel universe!
 Really, I never thought of that. That would be exciting! Jupiter is so large it protects the earth from asteroids.
 Wow! I didn't know in Canada the Hudson Bay area has less gravity than the rest of the earth!
 Yes, I saw that, upsetting!! Now when I look up at the moon, the universe is so vast you could place all the planets between and still have space.
 Cool. It's nice. When I was in college, I applied for work in library, but they rejected me. I've read that FDA burned 6 tons of literature in an act of US censorship, but I'm wondering when did it happened. Because I've never heard about it. Any idea?
 I have never done a reliable test on my reading ability. I did an online trial once but I usually doubt the results of some of these sites.
 That's crazy, people really do innovate a lot. Someone once built a working computer using nothing but minecraft blocks, wonder how that's even possible!
 Haha or maybe he does things in secret, who knows? Maybe there are aliens, there are still galaxies outside the observable universe.
 haha true, do you think that the universe is made of a big hologram? I know that's what Elon Musk thinks
 Only if it was Jeopardy!  I would totally watch that event and maybe even try out to represent my country!!!
 Fascinating - those two literary giants engaged in a competition like that would be awesome to behold.  I'd actually pay to see that!
 I've heard that and I really enjoyed that movie - didn't read the book though.  I think Ender's Game is also on that list - makes sense.
 That's pretty cool. I heard that Architecture, literature, music, painting and sculpture were Olympic events from 1912 until 1952.
 That's kind of neat. There is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.
 A quantum computer can do work in seconds that would take laptops 1,000 years to do. That is scary
 That's interesting. Well, we are a mere speck in the universe. Apparently if Earth's history was a 24 hour period, humans would represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.
 I heard he says "excelsior!".
 Yes it was. Do you know what year the marvel cinematic universe takes place in earth?
 Ah. Did you know that there are at least 30 superhero films that are going to be released between 2016 and 2020!
 I wonder who has the time to remember them all! I can only think of roughly 15 different ones in my head right now.
 And marvel comics spend 10 years convincing the governmet of the US that the x-men are not humans.
 Ah, did you know that the e in chunk e cheese stands for entertainment?
 The grew goatees to provide comfort when playing! The dueling banjo is very unique. 
 Is that so? I never knew that! Guess it doesn't help if you're strumming or plucking a guitar, though, does it? For those guys it must just be for the looks!
 Wow! Clever. He also has a PhD in Astrophysics. What an interesting guy! I wonder why he plays with a coin?
 I guess so. But I guess you make a lot of money as a rock star. The Pink Floyd guitarist turned a grand houseboat on the River Thames into a floating recording studio. That must have cost a ton as well!
 Indeed. You know, The Dark Side of the Moon was one of the best selling albums of 2014, even though it was released over 40 years before then. Maybe Linkin Park will also have a resurgence in the future.
 Those are both excellent albums. I also find it interesting how some artists like tupac went to school to study ballet, acting, poetry, and jazz at a baltimore school.
 Good artist seem to stay good artists through the times, but it's a shame that a lot of young people don't always discover the greats. For instance Louis Armstrong ended the three month stay of the Beatles atop the billboard hot 100 in 1964.
 I completely agree with that and that's a really cool fact. I also think it's crazy that the les paul gibson es-175 guitar has never gone out of production and it debuted in 1949.
 I love all types of music. My favorite band is queen and a cool fact about queen is Brian May built his guitar out of parts from an old fireplace and his mother's knitting needle.
 I personally don't know who made the very first guitar, but I do know that nokia's ringtone comes from a 1902 composition by Spanish classical guitarist and composer francisco tarrega.
 That is crazy, but it's crazier that Aerosmith made more money from guitar hero than from any of their albums.
 Maybe they used all three. I find it hard to believe that Led Zeppelin decided to not name their fourth album so they could confuse the hated rock press.
 That is really interesting. Did you know that Bob Marley has been on the album chart for over 914 weeks and is currently sitting at 69.
 Those again are really good albums, but did you know that walmart won't see albums if they aren't clean versions of the album.
 Wow, thta is really interesting! Crazy! I didn't know that there was a guitar that was  so small it was the size of a red blood cell, and played by a laser! I can't imagine that!
 Wow! I didn't know that. I wonder who made such a thing and the amount of time and research to actually make it.
 Really, I didn't know that. At one point Bob Marley was on the album charts for over 914 weeks....and his music has some notes of jazz in it. So interesting!
 Wow! It is amazing to see how jazz has influenced even bob marley. In any case, thanks for the great chat. I'm going to check out some bob marley songs after this is over.
 ha funny yes, the beatles stayed on top of the billboard until louis armstrong took over 
 Wow, I was thinking 50s or 40s... I saw bohemian rhapsody the other day and had no idea brian may was a phd.
 have not seen that yet, but that is interesting. i heard he made a guitar from part of a fireplace and a knitting needle
 me too and cool. the smallest guitar is played by a laser and is the size of a red blood cell made by Cornell univ
 yeah, speaking of guitars aerosmith made more money from guitar hero then any album
 i tried ha, did you know the dial tone is in the key of f to serve as a trick to tune your guitar?
 I had no clue. My son wants to play so I am going to let him know that.
 :) since 1949 the les paul es-175 has never gone out of production
 i wonder too, led zeppelin did not name their 4th album just to confuse the rock press
 No i did not!  But i can definitely see it coming from there!  Do you like Jazz?
 WOW... that is cool!  Never even given that a thought how they do that!  DO you think the solos are strange?
 Oh geez... that is awesome for her and the community!  
 This is true!  I can't believe Pakistan has a jazz band!
 Yes, there was even a floating recording studio in the Thames. England has a big love for music.
 One more I heard about that Matthew bellamy had smashed a lot of guitar on a tour that he hold a Guinness record for it .. Weird
 he should have used microscope to built that one. Do you know that Hybrid theory is the best selling album in this century
 Oh yeah, Legend by Bob Marley has been sitting on the album charts for over 914 weeks.
 I am a little bit. I heard something interesting about the NBA the other day. Did you know that one of the 30 teams is in Canada ?
 Really? Which team? I thought all the NBA teams were American.
 I don't know. I do know that Maryland guards Kevin Huerter is 6 foot 7 tall.
 During the pitch Nike used a sideshow and it had Kevin Durant's name on it! TOO funny!
 That's insane! Did you know that "granny style" has been proven by physicists to score more points, but It looks stupid so no NBA player will actually use it.
 I guess they follow the Rule of Cool. Wouldn't it be funny to see a game where the underdog team all decides to start shooting that way, then completely beats the favored team?
 LOL me either. I use Prime also. Did you know Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that is supposed to run for 10,000 years?
 Really? I have our USPS service delivering packages all the time to us on Sunday's. Never has been an issue where I live. 
 Oh wow yea that could be it. The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after them.
 The Amazon warehouse workers walk between 7-15 miles each day. 
 I also know someone who works there and also likes it. IMBD has been owned by Amazon since 1998.
 Shark is very good meat. Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.
 Yeah I think so too. Air Jordans are banned from the nba. Jordan wore them anyways because Nike would pay the fine. It's crazy they banned a pair of shoes.
 Yeah. Allen Iverson signed a contract with Reebok in 2001. They will pay him 800,000 a year until he is 55 years old. The final lump sum will be 32 million!
 Oh, Absolutely! I understand that Nike tried to sign him, but they did a terrible job; even had Durant's name on the presentation.
 I saw that story!  That was insane and a complete show of incompetence!
 I know, it's crazy! He scores 40 points, she scores 105! Like how do you even outscore that?!
 ya I don't know it could be, did you know stephens first name is actually Wardel?
 yeah I did,  my aunt told me lol she is a huge warriors fan,  she is a season ticket holder. 
 ah well that makes sense she would know then, pretty funny how Nike messed up thier pitch to Curry so he went with Under Armour instead
 ya he did, if I were him I would have gone to the nba, he definitely sacrificed some money doing that I think
 haha yup, seems like it was good marketing because that brand blew up big time!
 oh I have, and it's scientifically the best way to shoot! I want to see NBA players start doing that!
 I love my jordans shoes. Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba. 
 Interesting, I bet he regrets that deal. 
 they have a lot of popularity right now. The NBA was founded in 1946 it's getting up there in age.
 the raptors, right? Golden State Warriors were originally in Philly way back wen. 
 the NFL is even higher at 78%. I think there should be financial literacy class requirements for people earning over a certain amount of money. its super important.
 I know that Lebron is from Akron, I grew up in south west ohio. I didn't know curry was from there though. 
 Such a young player! He makes the 5th highest salary on his team as well!
 I just learned that the Warriors were founded in Philadelphia.
 Wow, and they are both great players!
 Apparently Stephen Curry's brother played on the Santa Cruz Warrior while Stephen was playing for the Golden State Warriors.
 Yeah, players just don't use that style because it looks ridiculous.
 Hahhaaa, ya never know! Did you know the golden state warriors got 12 million bucks for losing game 4 of the NBA finals? Not too bad huh!
 That isn't too bad for losing! Speaking of large sums of money, Allen Iverson signed a contract with Reebok that would pay him $800,000 a year until he gets to age 55, when he will get a nice retirement amount of $32,000,000!
 He could have chosen 10% stake in NIKE and if he had accepted that , you know how much that would be worth today?
 He's a famous NBA hall of famer, but anyways he couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. She broke 8 records!
 Yes, truly. It's also amazing that he helped the Warriors return to the NBA Finals in 2017 and 2018, where they won back-to-back titles. He's also from the same city as Lebron James.
 Yeah, so true! Anyways, it's also interesting that Steph Curry's real first name is actually wardell, 
 Wow, I actually didn't know that. Basketball players are so lucky sometimes, because apparently the golden state warriors earned about $12 million by losing game 4 of the nba finals last season. Heck, I wish I could get that kind of money with unfavorable results.
 Yeah, I think so too! Well anyways turns out that even though Steph Curry is really good, he was held scoreless once when he played for davidson, but despite that his team won.
 I was surprised to find out his name is actually Wardell and he is named after his father. I suppose Steph is more like a stage name.
 ya I Like Steph more haha, wild too that he was not offered a scholarship! I wonder why not, maybe he was different in high school
 Interesting that both he and Lebron James were born in Akron, Ohio.
 ya I wonder if there is somethin in the water there haha, even Steph's brother Seth plays basketball professionally too
 I did not know that. I just learned that he was held scoreless once. He must be that good if they had to keep two defenders on him the whole game.
 I suppose they move teams all the time. In 1975 they played at the cow palace because the Oakland arena was booked for another event.
 haha thats funny, ya its probably a necessary move, can you believe that Nike messed up their powerpoint presentation pitch to him?
 Shows that everyone makes mistakes. I did not know that Nike paid a fine every game so that Air Jordans could be used in the NBA.
 I learned a lot too, like how Tim Duncan got his degree instead of just going right into the NBA, thats a ballsy move, but he's probably super smart!
 Did you know that Steph Curry did not receive any major scholarships when he went to college? 
 Really?!?! I wish I could be that generous! Steph Curry, who won mvp in 2015, only had the 4th highest salary on his team! I wonder why he was not paid more!
 Thank you too, but before you go did you know that Tim Duncan stayed in college instead of going straight to the NBA?
 Definitely.  It is shocking that Curry is only like the 5th highest paid player on the team.
 That is shocking, didnt he end up at Davidson?
 ya I favor the warriors too, crazy that their average is 114 points per 100 possessions, thats a great record right now
 That is pretty incredible, it for sure isnt easy.  I think they might make it for 3 in a row.
 ya I think thats pretty unfair haha, also unfair that he didn't get any scholarship offers, I wonder if he wasn't good in high school?
 yup you're right, can you believe that Nike messed up their presentaton when offering Steph a sponsorship deal, thats so sloppy!
 Yes, Jordan got fined everytime he wore them at first but Nike paid the fine each time.  NBA athletes are the best paid athletes so that comes as no surprise.
 Shaq's hands were too big I don't think grannys would have helped him.I think Rick Berry actually shot grannys back in the day but I could be wrong.
 And speaking of deals, did you know that Curry, arguably the star of the team, only gets the 4th highest salary?
 Did you know that the Golden State Warriors are planning to move to San Francisco? 
 Did you know that he did not receive any scholarships from any major colleges?
 Like why did Spencer Haywood choose a measly $100,000 compared to 10% of NIKE: $8.62 billion?
 I cant believe there are players on the same team that get paid more than he does.
 yes, the Warriors go as Curry goes.  Steph feeds off the energy from the crowd as Steve Kerr has pointed out.
 I can't imagine how much pain he was in doing that. He did only go 18 out of 45 though so you could see he was struggling.
 i wouldn't think so as they don't think that style is very cool.  I know Curry went to Davidson College but didn't know it was because he didn't get any D1 offers.  he wanted to play at Virginia Tech.
 I bet Virginia Tech regretted that since he was the first player to win the MVP by a unanimous vote.
 Or baseball where the rates fluctuate so much and they can be sent down without another word.  I would love the deal Allen Iverson got though 800,000 a year until I turned 55.
 i didn't know anything about that either.  the name National Basketball Association (NBA) wasn't adopted until 1949 as part of the USA Basketball assoc.
 Actually yes my boyfriend loves basketball. It doesnt seem like they do well financially after they retire oops
 Yes I agree. There was a guy who was fined for making remarks about games on holidays. Thats crazy
 Yes and back to that mosquito net thing he gets them by the baskets he makes. Thats cool.
 well I like the warriors because I like Curry, but the Rockets are definitely good this year with 65 postseason wins
 ya its crazy that he won the MVP award and yet only has the 5th highest salary, you'd think they'd pay him more!
 ya I agree, did you know that one time he was playing and the other team put two players on him at all times, he couldn't score but his team still won, that shows you how much of a threat he is
 haha totally! what do you think about lebron james? I think he's great, its wild that he was born in the same city as Curry too!
 Yeah, Bezos has enough money to build a clock into a mountain that runs for 10,000 years.
 No idea. Netflix is another internet success story. They make up 33% of internet bandwidth in the evenings.
 Yeah, only $50 million at the time. Now they're worth over $2 billion.
 Nice. They still spend like 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth still though.
 They've been around a LONG time too. They evolved before dinosaurs or trees!
 Apparently they have rescued sailors too. Not just dolphins rescue sailors.
 Wouldn't want to be on the menu there!
 ya I agree, I can't believe that Houston though won 65 games in the season, thats so impressive, I think they might have a shot this year
 well its interesting because even though he is amazing and was the 2015 mvp, he was only the 4th highest salary on the team
 ya for sure, funny too that he didn't get any scholarship offers, I wonder if he wasn't that good out of high school or if they overlooked him
 ya I'm not sure on that, but I do know that he revolutionized the game of basketball, espeically with his use of 3 point shots
 unfortunately no I just know that he was fined, but it seems like lots of nba players have money problems though, 5 years after the avg player retires about 60% of them go broke
 ya I agree, but ya another NBA player who isn't good with money was Specer Haywood, have you heard of him? he was offered a stake in Nike that if he would have taken,would have gave him 9 billion dollars today, crazy!
 I know LeBron and Kyrie did it since they were on the same team. Now I don't think they care for each other that much.
 I did not know that, there must be something in the water that's helping turn out superstars!
 Yes, I am excited for March Madness as well. I had no idea that the leagues also consisted of one team from Canada! Did you know that?
 That is crazy, isn't it? But can you believe shooting granny style is the best way to consistently score points on the line? I don't blame NBA players for not shooting that way as it does look silly.
 My guess is since it was a new brand, the NBA probably had contracts with existing major brands or something. Wow, talk about a great retirement fund! Steph Curry needs a deal like that because even though he was the MVP in 2015, he only makes the 5th highest salary on his team!
 That is very hard to believe! Wow! Heck especially knowing the Warriors made $12 million just by losing game 4 of the finals last season!
 Yeah, I seem to hear that place mentioned a lot by Lebron James. Lebron was also one of the only three number one picks in the NBA draft that have gone on to win championships in the last 20 years.
 I wasn't aware of that! That is unbelievable, isn't it? Heck I couldnt believe Stephen Curry's real name is actually Wardell, named after his father. I always assume Stephen is a first/real name.
 Yeah I agree, I wonder what happened to the team or person responsible for putting together those slides and whether or not Curry called them out on it the moment he saw it. I imagine a lot of executives had the deer in headlights look just as Tim Duncan's fans did when he chose to stay in college instead of going directly into the NBA and lose out on some money.
 Agreed and I believe that was a wise decision on Duncan's part and worked out for the better. So are you a fan of the Golden State Warriors? I can't believe they were actually founded in Philadelphia before moving to the Bay Area in 1962!
 Yes I am a fan of the Warriors, that is like polar opposite in terms of geography! I have never attended a live game though, so not sure what a cow palace is when they were forced to play there because their usual venue was fully booked. Have you attended a live game?
 Wow.  That was a big mistake.  Especially with the popularity of shoes like the air jordans.  
 Apparently Allen Iverson signed a deal to make $800k a year until he hits 55 with Reebok. 
 ya I think you can still buy them, what is screwy is that the granny style shot is the best technique to use when you're on the line, but players won't use it because it looks dumb haha
 Really? That is sort of surprising, I was never good at the granny shot. 
 Do you know Reggie Miller? Apparently he was always in his sister's shadow in high school, she ended up getting all kinds of records that he couldn't match!
 I didn't, but how much is that? Over 7 figures. 
 I'm not sure what I'm sure it is a lot, also his real first name is Wardell, never would have thought that haha
 I do!. It is crazy that an online bookstore became the largest internet retailer
 Im surprised that amazon is also the largest provider of cloud services
 I did not know IMDB was owned by them I guess they are gobbling everything up.
 I had no idea. Seems like a good revenue stream for Amazon. Can you imagine walking 15 miles in a warehouse?
 Yeah, for only $27.95! How much do you think it would go for today?
 Yeah.  Offensively, the Rockets are no slouch.  The outscored the opponents an average of 8.6 points per game.  Pretty awesome.
 Yes. I'm blown away that 78% of players in the NFL go bankrupt or have financial problems 2 years after they retire. 
 The NBA does a little better at 60% after 5 years. 
 Yeah.  Did you know that the Warriors are planning to move to San Fran this year?  I guess it's just across the bay...
 Not sure... I can't believe that Klay Thompson was an 11th round draft pick.  Funny that 11 is his number too. 
 Also amazing is that Curry wasn't offered a scholarship from any major conference schools.  He wanted Virginia Tech.  I bet VT regrets that.
 thats good. did you know that Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba
 Wow and spencer haywood made a big mistake by choosing $100,000 upfront over a 10% stake in nike. He would have billions
 Good question. I did not know that the golden state warriors are planning a move to san francisco for the 2019 season
 It is funny how ba player klay thompson was the 11th overall pick in the 2011 draft, and he currently wears #11 for the golden state warriors
 That is crazy. did you know thatLebron james and stephen curry were both born in akron ohio ?
 Wow. Steph curry did not receive any college scholarship offers. As good as he played in college
 well he only makes the 5th highest salary on his team.
 Ah. Did you know that the Golden State warriors are planning to move to San Francisco? I found that very interesting. I wonder why they wanted to move.
 Really? That is insane. Steph Curry also did not receive any college scholarships from any major schools!
 I would not be supurised if he was the best shooter in the NBA's history. I found it funny that when Nike pitched to Steph Curry, they forgot to erase Kevin Durant's name off of one of the slides.
 60% of retired NBA players go broke within the first 5 years! That is very fast!
 Yeah, sponsorships are important. 30 years ago Spencer Haywood chose $100,000 over a 10 percent stake in Nike. Had he taken the stake it would be worth $8.62 billion.
 Maybe $100,000 seemed like more back then, at least I hope, haha.
 I wonder what kind of sponsorship Steph Curry has. It's surprising that he didn't get any college scholarship offers from a major conference school and wanted to play at Virginia Tech.
 Speaking of 3 pointers, he donates 3 mosquito nets for each 3 pointer.
 Yeah his brother is Seth Curry of the Portland Trail Blazers. He used to play for the Santa Cruz Warriors along with Klay Thompson's brother.
 Yeah and what's funny is their brothers Steph and Klay were playing on the Golden State Warriors at the same time together.
 Ah. Did you know that the Golden State Warrriors are planning on moving to San Francisco? 
 Same here! Did you know that Steph Curry did not receive any scholarships for major colleges when he went to college??
 I agree. Did you know that 60% of NBA players go broke within the first five years of retirement? That is very fast!
 It's interesting that Cleveland had 2 of the number one draft picks and were only able to beat the Warriors once in the championship in 2016
 No I had no clue it was Wardell an he was named after his father too
 Apparently Spencer Haywood choose 100,000 dollars over a 10 percent in Nike 30 years ago, crazy
 hey did you know that Bruce Lee was actually a great dancer?
 oh ya he was good, I don't know if he wont a cha cha championshi[p though like bruce lee did
 ya i'm not sure, but it is shocking that a ballet dancer can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week, thats a lot of shoes!
 haha that's funny, have you ever played music around a baby? apparently they will start to dance to the beat!
 haha nope it was actaully animated, and it was one of the most expsenive disney flops, I saw it its not actually that bad though
 ya I don't know actually, but it cost like 15 million to make and only made $300 at the box office haha
 haha yup that is not a typo, it was a massive flop! so was sleeping beauty when it initially came out too
 Apparently it did. It must have been extremely expensive to make. I don't know how else they would have lost money on it.
 It's crazy how popular jazz is, they even have a chart topping jazz orchestra in Pakistan
 Interesting, I never knew that Fox news owned ign website
 I knew Richard Ailes help created it but had no clue Nixon was involved
 That is strange that Fox news would want to start a Simpsons network and then want to sue them too
 Oh wow interesting. Clint Eastwood is also a jazz enthusiast, pianist, and he even scored several films!
 Yeah I loved that movie. Pakistan apparently has a chart topping jazz orchestra!
 Yeah that would be hilarious. There are a few people who are good dancers that I wouldn't expect like Bruce Lee and Tupac.
 Tupac is a dancer? that is new to me, 
 Yeah me too. He did ballet in high school and was in the nutcracker!
 Ballet dancer Tupac? I wonder if he got teased over that
 Probably why he never mentioned it. Ballet dancers can go through up to 4 shoes in a week!
 Thats a lot of money for shoes, Im guessing those shoes arent cheap maybe they buy tons of them and get discounts
 I'm surprised by that. I guess with all of the westerns he's done I just assumed country. 
 Oh wow. He's very talented. I had no idea he produced music. 
 He ran in the 1964 presidential race!
 I did not know that. Do you like Clint Eastwood.
 I've liked some of his movies but not so much the old westerns. He has scored several of his own films which is impressive. 
 Did you know there's a Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment for 20 years?
 I did not. That must have been a large apartment. It was very nice of her. I was also shocked to recently discover that Pakistan has a chart topping jazz orchestra. I would not have thought that jazz would be big in Pakistan. 
 That's crazy - I would have never guessed that either!
 The Fox News corp once discussed creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
 Me either. Fox News is watched more than CNN and MSNBC.
 Oh wow I didn't know that either. 
 That is a cool fact. I bet they would still use it if Nixon didn't crack it!
 Good question. Did you know women weren't allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993?
 Yes seriously! I thought dogs were color blind but apparently they can see colors!
 Yeah probably much less. Istanbul has a vending machine for stray dogs! Just have to deposit some recycled bottle.
 Yeah I bet they do although I have never been. It's also interesting that dogs have 12 different blood types-way more than us!
 Yes I love watching youtube videos! Justin Bieber's "Baby" is the most disliked youtube video though.
 Interesting. I bet it's useful for them. Netflix and youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America, impressive!
 Yes, there a lot funny facts. Did you know that US senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it?
 Are you very busy now? The second time the system started to count 3 minutes. Did you that there is the candy desk in US senate since 1968?
 Me too. I actually didn't know that Youtube is the second largest search engine in the Internet. Number 1 would be Google. It's new fact for me.
 Ok, good. No, I didn't know. It's just impossible to imagine the amount of content on youtube. There is about 400 hours of content uploaded each minute.
 yes I do, did you know its the second biggest search engine on the web
 ya I do that, I listen to music, its cool that a user can upload unlimited videos on the platform
 haha I don't think it deserves that though! but ya I don't think gangnam style deserves to have the most
 haha I forgot about that guy! crazy that netflix and youtube make up half of all internet traffic!
 Yeah! Google bought youtube for $1.65B
 wow that is a huge amount, crazy that there is like 400 hours of content uploaded to youtube every minute
 I always thought that dogs were color blind but I see they are not
 And I never knew of a dog blood drive. 
 Yeah, that would definitely be interesting. And I'm not sure who it would be helping. Dogs seem to be more like humans than we realize. Did you know that some dogs in Moscow have learned to use the subway?
 interesting. I would love to see that on you tube
 Speaking of YouTube, did you know the first video ever uploaded was of a guy just talking about an elephant?
 Wow. And I wonder why the baby video is so bad
 And women could not even wear pants. wow
 Oh wow. that is a great campaign that is really needed. I can easily do that. But then again, my iphone is access to everything! An iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent. Thats a lot of power!
 with all those pages, I can only assume its impossible!. Thanks for chatting!
 I think Jackie Chan manages a k-pop boy band.
 Did you know Elsa was supposed to be the villain however "let it go" was so uplifting they changed her character?
 Yes, Jennifer Lee was the co-director and writer.  I am surprised that it took until 2013 for a woman to direct a Disney movie.
 Wow! You must really be talented to win all four of those.
 You just blew my mind.  That is weird.
 I haven't listened to either. South Korea responded to North Korea sinking a warship by blasting k-pop across the border.
 I agree. It appears most k-pop stars are modeled for years in bootcamps before they can sign under contracts.
 I agree. North Korea has its own k-pop girl band which is the most popular music group in the country.
 I believe it. Three women from Korea were huge stars in the USA back in the 60's and were the first k-pop stars.
 Not too sure on that one. Jackie Chan actually manages a k-pop boy band.
 It's a good movie for the kids. Yep, it's a Disney movie.
 LOL yes they are. New York has the area code of 212 because this was the easiest number to dial on a rotary phone
 Yeah, I had read about that.  They did that in 2002.
 Me too, Ill have to find, I'm too curious , now.  I was shocked to learn that there are 20 Quintillion individual animals on the planet, right now.  
 True and only getting worse, I fear.  Def climate change affecting many species around the world.  I only recently found out that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.
 Amen to that!  Speaking of Amazon do you realize that the average Amazon warehouse worker walks between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of t heir daily shift.  Wow, no after work gym time needed.
 I hear ya on that!  I'm old enough I can still remember when Amazon.com was just an online bookstore, long before it blew up into what it is now.
 I'm very sure about this as well. I read somewhere that 1 in 5 sun-like stars is believed to have an Earth sized planet in its habitable zone. Isn't that amazing!!!
 Yes it truly is, indeed!!! Did you know that Uranus actually rotates sideways as oppose to spinning around the Sun like the other planets do?
 Me too. I would be kind of weird to figure that one out as the planet actually rolls around the Sun.
 I agree.  I was surprised to learn that Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that enabled him to dance with an extreme lean.  I have not problems with that, however.  He was just trying to be more entertaining.
 Yea, and they've grown so much and have even made a deal with the USPS to deliver packages on Sundays!
 That's kind of interesting though. I'd probably be willing to make a $28 purchase for a building to be named after me. Now Amazon is basically a giant. You can buy almost anything off there. 
 Really? what is the name of that font I might try it out next time I order a digital book
 True. I would like to put my own machine together again like I've done in the past. These days though store bought computers are so cheap and disposable it's hardly worth the effort. Looking into doing it I discovered someone build a working machine with minecraft building blocks!
 I wonder if they can take orders home with them? Amazon owns all kinds of things you wouldn't think of, like IMDB why would they want that? I had no idea it was amazon owned and they've had it since 1998!
 Everyone thinks that will be bad, and it might be but perhaps it will be good. Or they'll just do even weirder things then they do now. They have that clock that will run 10 000 years built into a mountain.
 wow, long time, it takes more computing power for a single google search then it took to send men to the moon
 i believe it, high tech but they have goats "mowing" their lawn
 hard to believe they started out just selling books
 warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles a day!
 that is, now they are largest internet retailer in the world
 Its amazing to see how far AI has come so fast too
 I am surprised Google hasn't paried with Apple to really take AI to the next level
 That is an impressive number. I guess it means employees get good exercise.
 Never. I assumed that USPS never delivers on Sundays.
 That shows how much influence it has as the largest internet retailer in the world.
 True! It may be slow at 3g, but it works. It's funny that the library at Alexandria has a saved copy on the internet, in case it burns!
 Hard to believe where they've come since 1923. From hand drawn animation to a  55,000 core supercomputer on Big Hero 6.
 Yes it's a large leap forward from the original technology for sure. I loved the Wall-e movie. I didn't know the name came from Walter Elias Disney, did you?
 I didn't but that's pretty cool. I didn't realize Minnie Mouse was short for anything either until recently.
 Right, so the movie has several different things that are out of the norm. That's good. I never heard of the video game version of the movie though it was 13 years before the sequel. My kids and grandkids play video games but I've not heard them talk about it.
 Yeah, I didn't realize there was a game set so much earlier either.  I'm surprised it took them this long to make a sequel. The first one was in 2004.
 I guess I didn't realize that the setting for the movies is the 1960's. I knew it wasn't the current time but didn't pick up on the clues as to the time frame.
 Marvel censored m'baku's utterance of "praise hanuman!" in indian releases of black panther
 Chadwick boseman was accepted into a prestigious summer theater program at oxford university, but couldn't afford to go.
 I love FB. I know that Myspace feels stupid lol
 Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.
 Facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerberg suffers from red-green colorblindness
 Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper.
 Yep that is true. Marvel Comics also makes Iron Man. And I guess that black panther is actually more Rich than Iron Man is in the comics
 Yes that's right. Also the symbols used in that movie were based on actual historical symbols. I think that's cool.
 I don't think it's on Netflix yet. Yeah he did a good job. Apparently Denzel Washington help him out back in the day. I think that's super cool of him
 Nope. Apparently Marvel started using that name before the party came around. In fact they even changed the name for a time so that they weren't confused between the two
 Haha I was not. Yes they turn down the offer to buy Facebook. I bet they're kicking themselves everyday now haha
 I do like Mr. Wilde :) wallpaper ?:) Some feisty beast :)
 Cartoonists portrayed him as a black minstrel or monkey with the aesthetes iconic sunflower
 He was put in prison at one point for two years for sodomy
 I didn't know that.
 Did you know that Disney almost shut down their animation studio after sleeping beauty failed at the box?
 Even in the throes of the afterlife, Oscar Wilde is still demanding appreciation from ladies from the grave. His story is a great one that I would love to read in depth, along with his body of works.
 I am very surprised Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star, but I have really enjoyed all of the films he starred in, so his box office record is believable.
 I ,for one, cannot believe Disney had several box office failures. I truly enjoyed one of their flops called Treasure Planet as a child.
 Oh!   The name Marvel Cinematic Universe now makes sense.    Who directed that film?
 Really?     I know both actors were at the premiere of "Black Panther"   did they meet?
 I wonder if they are Facebook friends now?    I heard that the "like" button is illegal somewhere.
 Thanks.    Can you imagine how different things would be if myspace had purchased Facebook in 2005?
 Thanks for the chat!    I've got a paddle tennis lessons.    I heard that a champion once won days after learning the game!
 Pretty good, did you happen to see Black Panther the film? 
 I did not see the film. I was surprised to learn that the character is not named after the political party. 
 Interesting, I think it was a comedy. I didn't see it either, but it could be good. I saw deadpool and thought that was pretty good. 
 I don't know, good question. I always thought it was Tony Stark. 
 I saw the movie about him, the Social Network, i thought it was ok. But other than that, I don't know much. 
 I've heard that, that was a mistake, but then again Myspace failed. 
 No, I never use facebook. Half of them I didn't even know anyways. LOL
 I know, I've read that. Facebook's like button is illegal in some German states. 
 That's an odd fact. I guess it's meant to stop addiction or something? Who cares if you like something? Can it hurt someone?
 I think it probably is, it is pretty crazy. 
 I don't use it that much either to be honest. In 2012 they were worth $104 billion. 
 To that question I'm not sure, but actors are an interesting lot. For instance, Michael caine became an actor since all the prettiest girls were in drama class lol
 That's still a lot of money.  He's pretty much set for life, there must have been at least six season of that.
 I always thought of the comedy and tragedy masks as a symbol of the two aspects of the theatre. I had no idea that they represented drama itself. 
 I know some people are obsessed with Oscar Wilde, I once visited his tomb in Paris, people bring gift and write note and do all kinds of things on and around it.
 did you know in the Terminator, Arnold only says 18 lines
 He does? I thought he spoke more words on the movie, he made 75000 on that movie.
 that's crazy only that much, and then in T2 he made 15 million which was only 7 years later!
 I did I started watching it again, but also apparently Bender and the terminator both have the same 6502 cpu chip, which is the same one also used in the NES and commodore 64 in real life haha
 ah I didn't know there was an animated series, ya there was a flute used in star trek that was apparently sold for 50k thats crazy
 ah I didn't know that, also didn't know that the enterprise was named after a white in campaign, I would have thought that they just came up with the name
 yeah that worked out for the best for them! did you like star wars or star trek more? I guess there is a fued between Carrie Fisher and William Shatner about that
 yes, I do like that Stephen Hawking portrayed himself in star trek, that is really awesome
 What? How did that happen? I think the reason I haven't heard is because I'm not too familiar with who that actor is.
 That's a cool know, I wonder if the space shuttles have an "aggressive" mode like what Google's self-driving cars have or at least a turbo mode.
 Does the conservativeness hold true for Ohio because it's illegal to warm up your car there, so much for remote start buttons.
 Oh, that's the reason why it was banned?! I thought it had to do with global warming or something. Flame-throwers are a little excessive for combatting stolen cars, they should copy India and just create a new car horn to withstand the heavy use
 That too probably.  It does seem extreme.  Also extreme is a fake flute in Star Trek, worth $300, sold for $50,000. 
 I'm sure... Arnold only made $75K in the first one and $15M in the next two. That's quite a raise...
 Yeah, me too.  I guess the popularity of the first one.  It took 7 years to make Terminator 2. 
 What's interesting too, and you know who Stephen Hawking is? Is that he is the only person to play himself in the Star Trek universe. Everyone else is obviously an actor.
 No way! I hadn't heard that.
 Did you that Arnold Schwarzenegger only says like 18 lines in the whole thing and less than 18 words total.
 True, but it was pennies compared to the $15,000,000 he made for terminator 2 seven years later.
 That is ironic. Were you aware that Robin Williams was the first celebrity that started the trend of celeb voice overs?
 He was the Genie in Aladdin.  Celebs are such big business now. Pixar studios has a secret room for celebs!
 I wish I know. I loved Carol Burnett as a kid and read that she was the first Celeb to appear on Sesame Street.
 YEs. I don't watch much daytime tv. She strikes me as annoying but she is one of the highest paid personalities on TV!
 Walking Dead isn't far off being a horror movie, aside from being nearly a hundred episodes.  Stephen King considered Bambi to be a horror movie.
 I do like those too haha. did you know that watching a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories?
 Haha I would have to. Have you ever heard of a water phone? That's what they use in horror movies to give it that weird sound that adds to the tension
 Agree with you. Also Will Smith looks horrible as the genie LOL. What do you think about Judge Judy being the second highest paid celebrity. She makes almost $120,000 per episode
 Do you like to travel?  You may want to reconsider Iceland.  They have no public rail service and most are without cars.
 Yes I do, because of that Icelanders without cars fly to travel between the major towns 
 King Kalakaua of Hawaii was the first kind to travel the world 
 I would like to visit Mackinac island where they don't use cars but use bikes or horse drawn carriages instead 
 lets talk about rapping next, there are three components to rap which are delivery, content, and flow.
 A judge rapped her ruling in a suit filed against Eminem.
 The library of congress has Tupac's music because of it being culturally significant 
 Lets talk about lady Gaga, iron maiden is her favorite band
 Lady Gaga was on an MTV show called "Boiling Points" before she became famous.
 She has been asked by the LAPD before to let her followers know about upcoming road work 
 That's clever.  She would have the list... Funny her name came from a glitch that changed the word "radio" to "lady"...
 She has had a long career even before becoming a huge star, she had a def jam deal, and was a song writer for Sont/ATV.
 No, I didn't realize that.Travel was alot more luxurious back then in addition to being faster.
 Well, you had alot more room, now I feel like I'm a sardine in a can and airlines actually served meals on flights.  It was just alot nicer experience, all the way around.
 Well that was smart and a very nice thing to do.  I've tasted rabbit before and it's actually very tasty!
 That's impressive!  I didn't know it was possible, either.  I doubt I would be able to understand a word of it though.  I don't process that fast, anymore.
 Probably not, but there's always that one person. Lol
 That's news to me, I don't think I have ever heard a rapper mention Mickey D's in a song?
 Yes, he sure does.  I read a Michigan judge rapped her decision when she tried a suit filed against him.
 Nope I recently went to the mural at Union Market and to see all the murals around town.
 I would do it just to see Lady Gaga. Ha Ha. Did u know her favorite band is iron maiden?
 oh wow didn't know that, thats a completely different genre, funny that her name came from a text glitch
 haha ya you'd think theres a better way to alert people, cool that she is elton john's sons godmother though, didn't know that
 Yea thats pretty cool too. I think. Do you like her any?
 ya she was good in that, also she was good on boiling points which was an mtv show, she was on that before she became famous
 Yes So do u like any rap?
 Ya hes a good one. I always did like it, Its been good talking to you.
 I am not into rap.  But, Tupac, while his life was cut short, was a groundbreaking artist.  Did you know his music is in the Library of Congress for its cultural significance?
 I am a bit too old for Iron Maiden or to be big into social media.  But apparently she has 11.4 million Twitter followers.  Her following in Los Angeles is big enough the LAPD asked her to tweet about upcoming roadwork,
 Oh, I was not aware of that. I just can not believe that her favorite band is Iron Maiden.
 Yeah.  That band is older than she is!  But her life story is one of persistence until she finally made it in the music industry.  Its amazing how she was able to successfully branch out into acting with "A Star is Born".  Its unusual for a first time actor to have an award nominated film!
 I like all the ones you like, plus rap.So you don't like the sound of rap. But maybe you would like Signmark? He is a deaf rapper who rhymes in sign language.
 I have appreciation for rappers who can rap really fast, though. There is one who can rap at 14.1 syllables per second.
 Right. And if I were rapping that fast, I would think, wait, what did I just say? Does it even make sense? Haha.
 I am not really a fan but I like that she is cool towards her fans. She once bought $1000 worth of pizza for fans waiting in line for her.
 She said she was bullied when she was younger, just like the character in the film. Her only escape was music. How sad but hey, it worked out for Lady Gaga!
 I'm not really sure what it was about. She really struggled to get famous but it's cool that she succeeded. She went out to sing at clubs and pretended to be her own manager.
 I did not know that. That's a mouthful!
 Seems like a good way to choose your name... She's so big that the LAPD asked her to tweet about road work? Come on LAPD...
 Wow that's bizarre. Have you seen her in the movie A Star is Born? It is actually the 3rd version of that movie and also stars Bradley Cooper. 
 Yeah I definitely think she does that. She actually started out writing songs for other artists like Britney Spears and the Pussycat Dolls. Akon is actually the artist that discovered her! 
 I did too. Do you remember her jumping from the building? She did it without fear, navy seal style!
 I had no idea Bradley Cooper could sing and man was I blown away by Gaga's performance. I wonder how in the world did she get the stage name Lady Gaga from her real name which is Stefani Germanotta.
 Don't even get me started on her albums! I seriously can sing along to all of her songs, now dance moves on the other hand, not so much. That's amazing that she uses that platform to do good! I had no idea that Elton John has kids and Lady Gaga is his son's godmother!
 I can see some trace elements of Iron Maiden's influence on her music. Do you like listening to rap music? I am always surprised by how fast rappers can convey words and not make it sound like a chant.
 That's an awesome idea! You are so right, Eminem could not only have his music live on but art as well, I bet people would go crazy over it!  Did you know he had some suit filed against him years ago and the judge handing down the sentence did it by rapping it to him! Hahahahaaa that is awesome!
 Ew, lol never thought about that haha...but you are correct, that is yuck lol. it is interesting how rap is is like in a gray area, between speech,poetry and singing it is awesome when I think about what goes into it all.
 Yeah I agree! It's also pretty amazing to see how far we've progressed since vinyl LPs, I remember I used to save my money to buy CDs and then went to MP3 players to now, those things are practically non-existant!
 Definitely! Although when I had my music collect all of my Albums were vinyl lol I didn't see a casette tape until I was a teenager but they were expensive lol! But you are so right we have come a long way!
 I t is my fault!!! So sorry, it has been so great I lost track of time and you have an amazing day! :) 
 I'm not sure those are the words I would use for China, a country that doesn't allow most of its citizens internet access. I am not sure about the other countries it isn't in, Syria, north Korea and Crimea.
 I was surprised that Jay-Z could even think of cheating on her, she is extremely talented and beautiful
 Space Jam! That movie was hilarious. I hadn't thought of it in years. I didn't realize Jay-Z was already making music when it came out.
 Really? What did he patent?
 That takes confidence in his ability to remember things! Then again, someone who names a color after himself probably has plenty of confidence.
 I wish they would have created the channel that would only air The Simpsons. 
 I do like Pac. Did you know that his music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance?"
 Not really. I don't watch TV, but my friends do. I just didn't know that fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined. Did you know that?
 Yeah. I know there is some rule that 3rd parties have to get 30% of the vote in order to be on the next ballot without some weird qualifications. Seems weird.
 I don't either. Fox news also owns the gaming website IGN. Seems like a weird commodity to own for them..
 That's awesome. I also didn't know that Fox News threatened to sue the Simpson because of parody. It sounds terrible. 
 Fox news suing someone for distorting the truth is pretty rich. I had no idea Nixon was insturmental in the creation of Fox News.
 Of course! It's masterpiece. Did you ever vote for Republicans?
 I'm the same. I consider myself as independent. I also didn't know that "red" and "blue" is sort of new thing. It only started in 2000. Maybe I'm just too young to know that. 
 Hello, do you like fun facts?  Jupiter has a moon that would be a planet if it orbited the sun.
 I do, I love trivia! I didn't know Venus doesnt have a tilt, the way Earth does.
 Really, that's cool.  I think it is the only planet to rotate clock wise?
 Maybe? I know Uranus rotates sideways and rolls, instead of spinning. There always has to be one that has to be different.
 That is cool info.  Venus doesn't have seasons.
 Guess there is no supporting life on that planet. The United Nations have an ambassador to extraterrestrials, just in case they decide to make contact. Isn't that crazy?
 Yes, it is sad.  The day was only 5.5 hours long when Earth was first formed.
 That is true.  By the end of the 21st century, Earth will be virtually helium free.
 I think it may.  A funny fact is that The UN appointed someone as the official ambassador of extraterrestrials just in case we ever make contact,
 That is beyond my knowledge.  But I also know a lot about animals such as there being over 20 quintillion animals on Earth.
 I never knew that the white patches on livestocks foreheads is due to being domesticated.
 I did hear that somewhere.  I also heard that the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species, under the provisions of the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act. 
 Lots more foresty! Haha. I feel like the loss of trees has really damaged the Earth's ability to cope with CO2 emissions. If there were more trees, we probably wouldn't have such an issue. 
 I do think it's odd, but it kind of makes sense then that the oceans hold most of the world's organisms. I think it's amazing how diverse the population of animals is. They can range in size from fractions of a meter to over 110 ft.
 It makes me wonder where all the other animals are that we haven't found yet. I wonder how many there were back when there were more forests. I wonder what other adaptations we have as humans that are similar to the affect of gills on us. 
 I think that is incredibly hilarious! I thought the loch ness monster was a myth! I mean, I suppose all myths have a basis in fact, but it's still weird. And Scotland still hasn't changed it. What do you think about there being 20 quantillion animals individually on Earth?
 Yea I thought that it was pretty weird how Uranus rolls versus rotating. I wonder how we'll every explore space, what with some life being up to 455 light years away. 
 That's a lot of animals! I saw animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they've been domesticated.
 I did see that. Very funny. 
 That's probably not very good. Did you know hiccups are a holdover from evolution when land animals had both lungs and gills?
 Interesting....did not know that. I heard the Loch Ness monster is actually a protected species....if it actually exist.
 I agree it's scary. When Earth first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 Definitely. Do you know Jupiter has a moon called Ganymede that would be a planet if it orbited the sun?
 Wow - that would really stink to have that here on Earth. Talk about painful.
 Teddy loved nature. I don't have any pets. Japan has more pets than children now. Something needs to change there.
 Wow there are more tigers kept as pets in the US than there are in Asia...why have a tiger as a pet!?
 Yes, My Goodness, Amazon warehouse workers don't need a gym membership with all the walking they do.
 I know.... $27.95 to get an Amazon bldg named after you. Only if your the first customer. Lol
 Agree, I didn't know Frozen was first animated Disney movie directed by a woman.
 Yes, I enjoy it! I didn't know the managers can play in the game.
 I know, I haven't seen it. How lucky to find baseball cards in your grandfathers attic worth 3 million dollars! Good chat!!
 I do way too much lol. I didn't know that Amazon is trying to get into sports broadcasting, I guess they are into everything else 
 I was even surprised to learn that Disney is into sports broadcasting...I always associate Disney with movies but they are so much more.
 Really? That's pretty cool. They definitely seem to have it all figured out and growing and growing, I don't pay for Prime but I guess if I want to watch sports in the future or watch a baseball game I will have to join lol...I heard also that IMBD is owned by Amazon...didn't know that!
 not a ton but I find it fascinating. There seems to be no limit to what we can do with machine learning 
 wow, i heard about one that actually can write it's own rap lyrics
 wow!! That's a thick wire if you think about it, but I wonder how the heck they got it down there any keep fish from tampering with it? must be really deep down
 woah! I wonder if its because they're cloning pets over there. The first cloned pet was a cat aptly named Copy Cat
 That is so weird. Almost as weird as the Artechouse museum. Have you heard of it?
 Sounds right, did you know domestic house cats are the only animal that kills for fun?
 Me neither.  I am not into reality TV / social media drama.  But it seems Nicki Minaj feels she was dissed by the Jenner / Kardashian girls.
 I did not know that.  I never got into rap; I don't carry an "urban dictionary" in my back pocket, so most of the time I do not understand the lyrics.  But it has caught on internationally, with Koreans rappers developing a freestyle rap called "compliment battle".
 hi, did you know the earth is 71% covered with water?
 the U.N. appointed an ambassador for extraterrestrials in 2010
 maybe some time appointed an ambassador for 2010.
 did you know soccer is the worlds most popular sport?
 also soccer is played in 200 countries/dependencies
 250 million players in the world too!
 No, I did not know that at all. I know that once an Icelandic horse leaves Iceland it can never return.
 Lol, that's 20% of their songs, I guess you can say mathematically those songs suck 
 130,000 plays for minimum wage? Sounds like a ripoff for the artists, I wonder who get's the bulk of the money 
 No, I had no idea. I guess that may explain why a judge in Michigan rapped a ruling in an Eminem court case
 ya, he says it should be classified as a horror movie lol
 ya I'm happy he didn't know he was in a horror movie while he made it, that would have scarred him for life!
 do you know what a water phone is? apparently they use it to make a creepy sound in horror movies, I don't know if thats in the shining or not haha
 no I didn't, and yes I'm a dog person too, can't believe they have like 12 types!
 that is cool I wonder if they get cookies or a treat after they donate! crazy that dogs and elephants understand pointing but no other animal does
 ya I agree, they are more lovable, shocking that they are not actually colorblind, thats a fact that everyone says
 do you like horses? I never knew Clint Eastwood had a allergy to them
 Yeah I love watching, very exciting. The city where it is set to happen doesn't even exist yet!
 I know that's crazy! Also crazy that countries and cities that host Olympic and the FIFA Cup don't actually get a net positive economic impact, it cost the money, I wonder why they still do it then
 Yes it's strange how the Women's USA team is better than the men's though, they placed third or better ever since 1991
 Yeah I agree not sure what the deal with that is. Football/soccer is a great sport though. It makes the most money out of any sport!
 Yes I think it makes more money then every other sport combined! Even American football, which makes a ton of money here
 Yeah very true. That's saying something. Jon Stewart, the tv guy, was a skilled soccer player. 
 Yes he played soccer back in 1983 I think. I wonder if he was really good, but yes he's most famous for The Daily Show TV show
 I think because soccer was slang for the term association football but I don't know for sure
 That is shocking, do you think that the Earth days will get longer as time goes on? Will we have a 50 hour day at some point?
 Yes that's really amazing. Also amazing that the UN has an ambassador to extraterrestrials, do they know something that we don't know?
 I have heard that. I would think with so many people attending that that would be huge for the country. People would need to eat and sleep so that seems odd.
 Oh true, I didn't think of that aspect. So the money the country makes probably covers the cost of being the host. 
 Same here. It is amazing this has been going on since 1930 
 Do you have one? my dog is a blood donor and what a surprise when I found out that dogs have 12 different types of blood.
 1000 times! Wow, I sure dont envy that lol,
 well, Bruce was a big money maker WAY before he became Caitlyn, so it is really not too much of a surprise. Do you know that Linkin Park has the best selling album in the 21st century?  That's a surprise.
 I did not realize that a musician needs to get over 130,000 plays per day just to earn minimum wage on Spotify. Seems like alot. 
 Yea, ironically Clint Eastowood developed a midlife allergy to horses for riding on so many in his movies
 I never knew dalmatians were used by firefighters to calm and protect horses, I guess that was a major issue long ago
 Yes, I see that in the movie Shining, with Danny!
 lol, that surprises me, If you look at abstract art before you watch a horror movie, you will enjoy it more?
 I love all the Batman movies! Phil Collins had to do alot of recordings for Tarzan!
 No, I need to watch that! Surprised Pink Floyd  won one of the best selling albums of 2014.
 Really sounds good! lol, you can rap at 100 years old? 
 Yes, a classic! Genetic memories of natural disasters is why loud music might scare us!
 Faster rhythms evoke fight or flight! Great chat!!
 hey did you know that watching a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories?
 I have seen it as well. Danny, who was the boy in that movie, did not know he was acting in a horror film until years later.
 Yeah I remember watching it when I was little and being scared when the gun was shot. Maybe I should watch more horror movies though so I could actually appreciate abstract art. Apparently watching horror movies before looking at abstract art makes you appreciate the art more.
 ya I'll have to try that, do you play any instruments? I guess Spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack haha
 I used to play flute and piano but have not in years. Speaking of soundtracks, Phil Collins made an English, Italian, German, Spanish and French version of Tarzan soundtrack.
 ya that's impressive, I'm more of a daft punk fan myself, I think it's funny they wore their helmets and ate pancakes when discussing their tron legacy deal
 Not on purpose no haha, I don't really like rap, I do want to listen to the rap album released by those 100 year old japanese identical twins that sounds awesome
 I'm not really into Pink Floyd. I'm pretty boring, haha. Speaking of popular music, The soundtrack to o'brother, where art thou is certified 8 times platinum. i will have to check that out
 that is a good movie actually, I also liked batman begins, I guess on the soundtrack all the names of the tracks are named after bats haha
 That's so awesome, Octavia Spencer said she'd buy out a theater so all "brown children" can go see it.
 If it wasn't for celebrity donations Chadwick Boseman might never have became an actor, his schooling was paid for by Denzel Washington!
 Oh I agree with you.  It's nice that stars such as Ellen DeGeneres gave money as well.
 You've got that right.  I have no idea what its grossed so far!
 Marvel must've loved it, well actually Disney since they bought Marvel in 2009.
 Some superheroes are really old, the Fantastic Four has been around since 1961.
 Do you know that there is a superhero called normalman?  That's a weird name.
 I think it's cute, it's because he didn't have powers. The only one on a planet of superheroes.
 Yes, thanks....take care.
 Exactly, a positive video game for a change lol.  I was reading that there was a 16 bit computer built using nothing but Minecraft building blocks, that's so interesting!
 We need more positive video games like minecraft! I read that the minecraft world is bigger than Neptune! Thats insane! lol. Definitely gives kids a large area to explore!
 I am aware of all the aspects of Minecraft and it is amazing! I think that the founder of Amazon is brilliant, he is now the wealthiest man in the nation. They even own a publishing and film studio, just amazing.
 I know! I get Amazon packages all the time on Sunday which is awesome. I was reading that the Amazom workers walk between 7 to 15 miles per shift fulfilling orders!
 They have a great job, and get exercise at the same time! I have seen one of the warehouses before and it is absolutely massive!! Can you believe the ceo of amazon built a clock in a mountain that should run for 10,000 years! They are pure geniuses. 
 They definitely get exercise for sure lol. And I did read about that clock and that is awesome! I need to look that up! I was just shopping on Amazon earlier today looking at childrens books because my kids love to read and Amazon has so much to choose from it is crazy, but I always find what I need! 
 Yeah,  he also built a clock that should run for 10,000 years,  and built it into a mountain. lol 
 Yes,  I do like getting my packages on Sundays!  And I love the free 2 days shipping with Prime!  Prime has so many benefits!
 lol thats so weird to me,  reading is good for you,  calm down. 
 I would say so! That's a lot of leagues to out perform. 
 I love to watch Netflix every night. I switched over from Blockbuster many years back. Netflix tried to work with Blockbuster but Blockbuster laughed at them.
 Right. They have all kinds of stuff on Netflix, eve a movie that is an hour long video of a fireplace.
 And there are almost 150 movies with a 100 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes. So all different thing to suit our fancy.
 Did you ever get music on torrents? The CEO of Spotify was the CEO of Utorrent.
 Haha, yeah, torrents were a bit morally questionable. Speaking of illegal downloads, Netflix also monitors illegal downloads in certain countries to decide what to purchase.
 I used to like going, not so much anymore. I'm not a big crowd person. I did see Linkin Park back in 2001 one though. It was in support of Hybrid Theory. I heard they played over 300 concerts that year.
 That's an insane amount of concerts. I can't imagine how exhausted you would be. 
 I can't either. I've heard that the Ramones played over 2,000 concerts. That's alot of concerts.
 I would have loved that too. I always wanted to go see a show a CBGBs back in the day.
 I heard about that. I guess it was a horrible one. 
 I agree, I have to wear polo shirts for work all the time. Did you know that they were originally invented for tennis?
 Now that's dedication!  I can't imagine going on that far non-stop!  I wonder if they ever played in an Roman Amphitheatre.  Some of those are still in use today, you know?
 They say Pink Floyd did a live concert in a roman amphitheater once with no audience though.  I guess it was for a live recording or something.  Or maybe just for giggles PF seems like the type that would do something just to do it. LOL
 Although it's not the most popular in the US, I guess it is in the rest of the world.  They say it makes more money than basketball, football, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey COMBINED!
 Lol I never knew there was a thing as compliment rap battles, I guess they are good for self esteem
 I don't know but I do remember seeing the film years ago, It didn't even come across my mind that the voice of the reptar wagon was Busta Rhymes
 And that's wild if you think about it! And Netflix has 137 million subscribers worldwide. Blockbuster must be kicking themselves for refusing to buy Netflix!
 That is so true. And to think, where would we be today without services like Netflix and Spotify?
 Wow! I didn't know that!  Crazy to think they could be in debt with so many subscribers worldwide. Heck, even in the US alone!
 Yea, I think Spotify doesn't have to worry as much about debt, they must not pay much for content if a artist has to get 130,745 plays per day to earn minimum wage
 Yes, I do. How about you? Do you like Spotify?
 I listen to Youtube more. Spotify has four million songs that haven't been played once. That's 20 percent of the songs they have
 I didn't know that. So Ludvig strigeus also made spotify?
 I think it was a playlist by spotify so it may not have started with that song. When a complaint was made the song was immediately turned off.
 And also there were no policies regarding the type of music played. So maybe they need to institute a policy and then if people violate it, they can be fired.
 Yes, I agree. That would have made it a lot simpler story. There are also complaints of reverse discrimination.
 Fine.  Finally, lazy people are being vindicated. Exercise can be considered a selfish act.  Hee. 
 Very cool! Must be so fun to watch. Parrots are also able to dance but it seems to be more mimic than anything.
 Yes the rapper? I like rap! The worlds fastest rapper spoke 14.q syllables per minute!
 Oh wow I would like to see that! Do you like big macs? McDonalds pays rappers $5 for every time they reference big macs!
 So down! Big Macs for life! There is even a deaf rapper who raps in sign language!
 They probably do, he's an icon of Rap music, also.  Didn't know he wanted to be a comic book artist before he became a rapper, though.  Very multi talented person!
 Me too, but it was super cool.  Good for her!
 I didn't even know he played music. Isn't it enough to be such a talented director? Leave some talent for the rest of us!
 Yeah, I heard that he was good. Didn't he win a contest in Hong Kong? Probably being good at dance helps with martial arts and vice versa.
 Good morning, how are you? Did you know that one of the founders of Netflix, Reed Hastings, decided to start the company after a $40 late fee?
 I also didn't realize that Netflix was pretty much global and available almost everywhere. And it's crazy to me that about a third of bandwidth usage in from 9pm to midnight is just in Netflix accounts!
 I also wasn't aware that the first series Netflix produced was Lilyhammer-- I don't think I'd ever even heard of that show until probably the past year. I think the first one I was interested in or remember was Orange is the New Black.
 I can do without the ice, personally. But I understand that it all makes up an important part of the Earth and obviously provides a habitat to species that were made for it-- like polar bears. I'm glad that the days have gotten longer since earth was first formed-- I can't imagine a 5.5 hour long day!
 Did you know the dinosaur ancestors of the chicken had teeth? I didn't know that all birds today came from dinosaurs either!
 Yes! I didn't know that either!
 Hi there! How are you? I'm hanging out watching Netflix. I just can not believe it has been around since 1997!
 Yes, I agree. Back in the day it was all about renting at Blockbuster. I still am surprised that Netflix is worth $2 billion.
 That is a lot of debt. Wow. Maybe its because they still spend less on bandwidth than postage.
 That will change a lot of birthday parties! It's crazy that the day was only 5.5 hours when Earth was first formed.
 So along with no helium the Earth might no longer have natural forests either since 80% are gone. I don't even want to try and figure out what age I'd be at that time rate!. 
 Yes, and they were everywhere! There's a state dinosaur or fossil in all 50 states.
 Hello - I do like dogs. Hard to believe there are 12 different types of blood for them.
 Yea, I never knew they had 12 different blood types, I just assumed dogs had the same number as humans
 Apparently, dogs can donate blood too.
 I bet they do. In Istanbul, they have vending machines that dispense food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles.
 It's crazy that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing but both are 2 of the smartest animals
 That's amazing!
 That's interesting. I always thought they could only see black and white.
 That's so expensive just to cross the country!
 I can't imagine not having a public rail system.
 Yes, I heard about it.  Dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives.
 I heard about that. I hope they get treats afterwards LOL! Do you know that dogs are not actually colorblind too why does everyone say that they are
 I never heard that (dogs being thought as colorblind).  I will have to research the internet. Apparently Google prefers dogs to cats.
 Yep and I agree with Google haha. Have you ever wondered what animals respond to pointing? Only dogs and elephants apparently isn't that weird
 It's amazing that only dogs and elephants understand pointing.  I think they are smart animals.
 Yep I agree with you. I wonder why other smart animals, like gorillas or Dolphins, don't understand pointing. That seems really screwy to me
 They are.  Apparently, Istanbul has vending machines that release food and water for stray dogs.
 Wow I didn't know that. Do you ever wear Levi's jeans? I guess Levi's made Bing Crosby a denim tuxedo LOL I remember those were all the rage back in the day
 Huh that's pretty screwy. That would definitely mess with people who need a certain size haha. Did you know that that small pocket within your jean pocket is actually made for pocket watches? Talk about something that no one uses anymore LOL
 I bet the dogs learn pretty fast where the food is, and probably teach other dogs, too. Dogs and elephants understand pointing. I have never seen a dog point, but I have seen elephants point with their trunk.
 I didn't know they could learn so many words! It's interesting that Google prefers dogs over cats. I would think the technical types like programmers would like cats just as much.
 They've got the data, that's for sure. I had always thought that dogs were color blind, but they just see fewer colors than human beings.
 Hi, are you a dog owner or lover?  Dogs are unique in that they have12 different blood types.
 I didn't know that, now when I see elephants, I will think of that.
 Another myth is that dogs are color blind.  They aren't they just can't see as many colors as humans.
 Wow, that's fast! Omg, skinny jeans can cause nerve damage!
 I know, that's interesting.Iceland uses domestic flights to travel between towns.
 lol, yes. I didn't know the small pocket in the larger pocket in jeans was made for a pocket watch.
 Nobody has those anymore... Levi once made a denim tux for Bing Crosby after he was turned away from a hotel for wearing jeans.
 I have never seen a jean tuxedo, can't imagine what that would look like.
 Levi, I wouldn't think the very first King to travel around the world would be from Hawaii!
 Yea, only a few places have teams were it's colder. It's crazy the average pro hockey player will lose up to 8 lbs in one game
 I have no clue, it's possible. I didn't know there were multiple types of hockey like bandy and field hockey
 What?  I didn't know that, always thought it was yellow.
 ok.  Wow, that's alot of weight, must be mostly water.
 Yeah I heard. It costs more than $300 to travel across the country, that is hard to imagine.
 True.  On Mackinac Island, MI motorized vehicles have been banned for over 100 years.  Most travel by horse drawn carriages or bikes.  That is truly amazing.
 Yeah, I hear in Iceland they mostly travel on domestic flights between major towns.  Not many people there have cars.  
 Wow, that's a super fast way to get around.  It's been nice chatting with you, this morning.
 Ah, did you know that Bruce Lee won the Hong Kong Cha-cha championships?
 It was back in 1958, I did not know he could dance!
 Really? I did not think someone like Tupac would dance at all, and to think that he did ballet!
 His music is also in the library of congress of "cultural significance" I wonder who decided that!
 A rowdy match like that is an opportunity for everyone to blow off some steam, audience included.  I think it's nuts that Canada once score 132 goals in a competition, only allowing 3 goals in return.  Domination!
 OH wow!  No i didn't!  Not sure if tupacs music really deserves to be in the library of congress!
 hey did you know that Kanye West thinks that AIDS is a disease that was man made?
 ya he does, I love that did mocked himself on SNL for interrupting an award show, which ended up being 2 years before he did that with taylor swift in real life haha
 That is a surprise to me.  Do you know how old he is?
 Yup I like those bands too, that is crazy, also crazy that the Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts over a period of 20 years, that is so many concerts
 I personally have never heard of her or her music. I recently saw her on a commercial. Tell me about her.
 I agree. I wasn't a fan of Tupac but a lot of his music had a decent message. Actually did you know McDonald's paid rappers $5 every time they mentioned big macs in their songs!? 
 Those seem more interesting than American rap to be honest. Actually, there is a deaf rapper that rhymes in sign language. It's pretty interesting.
 Man I miss Linkin Park. A very good band in my opinion. I'm not surprised they played so many concerts. In one of the foo fighter's concerts they played so loud it registered on New Zealand's seismic monitors.
 Whoa that is fast. The earliest precursor to rap is in West Africa.
 Interesting. Tupac Shakur's music was even considered culturally significant.
 Yeah I would say so. Concerts can be fun! Except Creed had a concert in 2002 that sounded pretty bad.
 So good! The Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts over 20 years!
 They would be like constantly touring!
 Yes, so interesting, very hot planet!  5.5 hours a day when the earth first formed.  Wouldn't get as much done.
 That's upsetting! I love nature and old trees that been around for 100 years  Wow, the earth will be helium free by the end of the 21st century!
 I was thinking about that! Our time here is so short. The United Nations has appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they make contact. I wonder if they will tell us?
 Oh my that's unbelievable!! A lightening bolt is about 5x hotter than the surface of the sun!
 I know for a half a million years!! The sun is white but because of atmospheric scattering it looks yellow.
 That's true Jupiter has a moon called ganymede. Good chat!!
 Almost nothing.  People will have to start looking up to see anything not man made soon! Like the sun. Even though the atmosphere makes it look yellow it is actually white.
 For real! It is weird to think that even as hot as the sun is that a lightning bolt is 5 times hotter than the sun's surface!
 Even though we do not have that technology yet I am sure we will.  If the earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period the human race would have only been here for 1 minute and 17 seconds.  So I think by the time we reach an hour based on that timeline we will have all the answers.
 I did not! but that is not surprising seeing as the earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago.
 I did actually.  That is why it has no seasons and it is the only planet that rotates clock-wise. Fascinating. 
 I hear it precipitates sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree Fahrenheit weather. I would not be sad to never see that planet in my lifetime!
 Awesome no I haven't. The planet Venus is interesting because it has no seasons!
 Isn't that because it doesn't tilt and rotates clock-wise?
 Exactly right! There is also a dangerous sounding planet that precipates shards of glass at 4500 mph!!
 Oh, Wow, that's scary. I bet the sound of that is really interesting. I would enjoy hearing!
 Yeah me too. Another unique one is Uranus because it rolls around the sun.
 Very much so! Earth is my favorite though! Maybe because I love water and earth's surface is 71% water!
 I know, I love the sun! Did you know the mass is 330,000 times that of the Earth?
 Holy cow. I like having a day be 24 hours but when the earth was created a day was 5.5 hours!
 lol, I know I couldn't get everything done with that time frame? How about you?
 Yeah not even close. I need sunlight from the sun which accounts for 99.86% of the total mass of the Solar System!
 I know the sun is vast, But our galaxy is beyond my imagination if the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered out there!!
 Yeah very true. Hard to fathom. The sun produces so much energy in one second to meet the needs of our planet for 500,00 years!
 Neptube completed its orbit around the sun on 2011 since 1846! You too! Have a good one!
 All that power from a star that is 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy.
 Probably so, I've also heard that you could fit all the planets in between earth and the moon and still have room left over to spare. 
 Very true. I also am intrigued by the sun. It is 109 times larger than earth. Very interesting! And it is actually white!
 I don't know what that means either but I think I may research that. I hope it's not a bad thing for us. Amazing how the earths core is solid iron yet we have life on the surface. It's all very interesting!
 Hi! I love astronomy and am fascinated by it! I think it's wild that the sun is really white and only looks yellow due to atmospheric scattering. Are you a fan of astronomy as well?
 Is that so? Well I'm surprised we haven't found a way to utilize it, honestly! Did you also know that a single lightening bolt is five times hotter than the surface of the sun?   That is crazy!
 Yeah, back in September of 2010! But it's still hard to believe that earth is not only the densest planet in the solar system but of the four terrestrial planets, it's the largest as well!
 That would be fun. I enjoy seeing animals when I travel. There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 Yes. There are over 1.5 million species!
 Yes, I took a course in school at the age of 12 or 13. It was so long I almost forgot.
 I don't have much more time but would love to finish our chat. Did you know there are 1 million insect species? Yuck!
 Fascinating! Human Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.
 Yes, that what I heard about fishes, they breathe through their gills.
 Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. I'm not sure why.
 Germany gives animals constitutional rights. 
 I did not... Did you know Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun
 Wow, Ganymede must be pretty huge if it would be a planet w/o Jupiter!
 I know... The planet venus does not tilt, so consequently, it has no seasons. it is the only planet that rotates clock-wise.
 That makes sense, I didn't know that it was a near perfect sphere of hot plasma 
 At least it's not like a lightning bolt... A lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun, about 5x hotter.
 That's crazy, it funny that a lightning bolt is hotter but the sun can produce enough energy in one second to meet the needs of earth for 500,000 years
 That's nuts. I guess there's a planet that precipitates glass
 Huh, I did not know that... More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long. I would not be able to get anything done!
 Wow! In september of 2010, the united nations appointed official ambassador to extraterrestrials in they case they would ever make contact with earth
 Earth will be virtually helium-free by the end of the 21st century. No more high pitched talk, sad...
 Not a whole a lot. Mostly via car. I see that traveling across Japan can cost at much as $300!
 That's insane! Have you ever used Airbnb? I guess there's another site like that but instead of renting a house you can just rent a couch lol
 Haha no I haven't. I just know that sometimes people will steal them take pictures of them on the trip and then return the garden gnome along with the pictures to the owner. That's a really weird thing to do I was just curious if you knew about it haha
 I like wolves but I like dogs better haha. I guess apparently dogs have a dominant paw like how we have a dominant hand haha
 That's cool I hope he's real LOL. what's weird in Switzerland there's a lawyer who will represent in animal in court. I wonder how that works
 Yes they made bridges that connect Wildlife. This helps to keep the animals from being hit by cars which is really nice
 I guess there is more light, Venus starts first!
 Thats awesome. Do you watch the stars and planets a lot?
 Yes I will be going a few nights before Christmas to see the meteor shower!
 I love a good winter solstive
 Washington will have 9 hours and 26 minutes of light that day!
 Yes, The montgomery planetarium has a solstice program at 5pm as well!
 No I just try to enjoy the long day, Did you know Venus is the only planet without season because it rotates clockwise?
 I bet you also did not know the sun is actually white!?
 no again I had no clue!! I am in shock right now
 Did you know socks are one of the most needed items at homeless shelters?
 Hi, i did not know!! But that makes sense!
 Also, the oldest know surviving pair of sock were for sandals.  I bet they were dirty...
 Wow that is true!! Did you know in the 16th century they used peppers to keep the toes warm?
 Wow, does that work? I'm grateful for cotton.  In ancient times, socks were made out of hair or leather. 
 Yes, novels did.  If they could see us now with what's on internet!  I can't believe someone can read 4700 words a minute. 
 She's a reading machine!  I can't believe that Starship Troopers in the 1st SiFi novel on the reading lists in the military.  Do they run into a lot of giant bugs?
 That would be great.  I didn't realize that Amazon owns IMDB.  Why not, it's a matter of time before Bezos owns my dog.
 Yeah and the guy got a building named after him.  I would settle for 1% of Bezos' net worth.
 I bet it's a lot.  Bezos's employees walk between 7-15 miles a day in the warehouse.
 I've seen it a couple of times, I did not realize it was from a book.  The movie was entertaining, to a point, I guess the book must be more impressive, especially if your in the military.
 I never knew where the "put a sock in it" phrase came from, seems obvious when you it's explained to you.
 Yes, yes it is, crazy but everyone in his own way to surprise others
 Yes, good. It was a pleasure
 ok, interesting! Did you know reading cause "moral panic" in the 18th century?
 No I didn't know that. I wonder why we don't see that on TV. It's crazy that in a typical year, the MLB will use about a hundred fifty thousand baseballs
 That would be cool! What a lucky guy. Do you like the Chicago Cubs? They were the first team to ever win back-to-back World Series
 I do like tennis lot. I used to play in high school. It's funny that until 1978 you could use any object as a racket LOL
 It's really a genius idea! sad because I like tennis a lot, but soccer actually makes more than all other sports combined, even tennis
 No I would love to see that! I think it's funny that Greenland can't join FIFA though, they can't grow the green grass to play soccer on LOL
 LOL yes they should just put sod on top of the snow. I think it's crazy that the Super Bowl is smaller than soccer's third-biggest overall event. That is massive
 I agree with you! I can't believe that it is that popular. But it is a worldwide sport. I should start playing soccer, the average soccer player runs 7 miles per game
 Yep I agree. But think about the calories burn! I think it's funny a soccer team scored on themselves because it would help them advance in a cup match LOL that's genius
 That's a really stupid name! soccer has a lot of cool facts though, the player Didier Drogba actually stopped a Civil War in his home country, that was in the Ivory Coast, very nice of him haha
 I never knew that. I think that the name football makes a lot more sense than calling at soccer personally
 Wow. I didn't know this thanks. So they can also participate within a game if the needed to, is that correct?
 Me too. Soccer makes more money than most sports combined. 
 Agreed on it being inexpensive. Jon Stewart was once a very skilled soccer player.
 I think so too. American's call it soccer because that's slang for association football.
 I agree with you on that. Ozil donated over 300,000 Euro for surgeries for 23 children.
 Me either. Did you know polo shirts were invented for tennis players?
 True.   Police also use headgear such as peaked caps or brimmed hats.
 I still have a soft spot for my university graduation ceremonies hat, the mortarboard.
 Biology is fascinating!   Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing
 Yeah. That would be so hard to adjust to. You spend years getting use to how a ball breaks at 60' and then you move it back 2'? All those corners painted and now they're balls.
 I know! Did you know that if a player catches a baseball in their hat, they receive three extra bases?
 I'm surprised I don't see more players trying that. Some of the field players pull pretty incredible stunts to catch baseballs.
 Athletes are pretty incredible. Did you know the soccer player, Didier Drogba, stopped a civil war in his home country all on his own?
 Good grief, that's over 20 shots per minute. I'm worn out just thinking about it. The longest match went on for 11 hours and had to be split across three days - I guess the players got worn out too!
 Sports players must train so hard to be able to do that. The people behind the scenes work hard too. For 24 years until 2005, all 2430 major league baseball games each year were scheduled by just two people, a married couple!
 The sports production industry must be making a lot of money from all the balls and equipment they have to make, plus fan products like baseball cards too. A man once found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather's attic!
 Very cool. I didn't realize they had so many blood types and also blood drives for dogs.
 Wow that's interesting. Did you know Google prefers dogs over cats and considers themselves a dog company?
 Yea that's true. Did you know dogs are not color blind like many people think?
 I love wearing a baseball hat. Did you know British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point in the House of Commons up until 1998?
 That is odd. I would have figured it was the cowboy hat.
 That's a good gesture I guess.
 Oh wow that's scary. I Had no idea. 
 Also earth will be pretty much helium free by the end of this century.
 That's surprising!  especially, since Venus and Serena have dominated in the past years on the female side.
 That was smart thinking to use a helicopter!
 That's an odd name, but it makes sense, kickball is a combo of both.  
 People do love it. Jon Stewart used to play in college!
 Haha it's not my favorite either, did you ever watch The Daily Show with Jon Stewart? Apparently he used to play professional soccer and was pretty good
 Yeah, I like John Stewart. I admire their fitness. They run something like 7 miles in a match.
 LOL that's a funny way to put it. Did you know that the polo shirt was not actually invented for the game of Polo? It was invented by a tennis player
 I hadn't heard that. But I don't know anyone who plays polo. Did you know tennis rackets didn't used to be required by rule. You could use any object to hit the ball.
 No I didn't know that. That's crazy! Did you know too that there's only been one black man to win the US Open title, and that was back in 1968
 Yes I think you're right. Did you hear that in 1969 the tennis Association used a helicopter to dry a grass tennis court LOL
 That reminds me of how Greenland can't join FIFA for soccer because they don't have enough grass growing there. 
 Yep he's awesome! It's amazing that Gael Monfils beat the Federer of paddle tennis after learning how to play a couple days previously
 That's wild. Seems impossible. Kind of like the old story of a teenage female who struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.
 Hey, how are you? I've just read that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. I didn't know that. It's interesting.
 I liked watching it but never got to play soccer when I was a kid because they didn't  have a team.  If you like baseball, though, you could run into millions of dollars if you find the right baseball cards.  One man found some in his grandpa's attic worth millions.
 One married couple must have loved baseball a lot because they together scheduled 2430 major league games 
 It's easy to believe. Sport helps to build bridges. Btw, I didn't know that baseball is very popular in Japan. I have no idea why
 I like to watch the Superbowl with Football.  Did you know though that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined?  
 A kind act was performed by German soccer player Ozil who donated eur300,000 from his World Cup Victory Bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil
 I would like to see the variation in soccer where 3 teams face each other.
 Is it your idea?
 No that actually exists although I haven't seen it.
 Really? I've never heard, but it sounds like a lot of fun. Anyway there a lot of question how it can be done 
 Do you enjoy tennis?  Polo shirts were invented by a famous player named Rene "the crocodile" Lacoste; I wonder if those are the shirts with a crocodile
 Well that sounds nicer. I cringe at knowing in 2001 a MI judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper Eminem.
 Its kind of funny though. did you know eminems true dream was to become a comic book artist?
 I wonder if he ever raps about spider-man? OH since we were talking of tupac earlier did you know he danced ballet in high school?
 So far I haven't heard any Spidey verses, but who knows? I would never guess that Tupac danced ballet!
 Ballet dancers work very hard and may go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.  Their movements are so beautiful!
 No, I can't say I'm a fan.  However, a lot of people seemed to enjoy Drake the rapper's role as an actor in Degrassi: The Next Generation.  He then began with a release of his debut mixtape Room for Improvement in 2007..
 Do you like comics?  Eminem really wanted to be a comic book artist.  He may have worked for Stan Lee if he didn't rap.
 I would like to the temptations also but not big on musicals.The Temptations will be playing in DC before Broadway.
 Yes I enjoy concerts.Did you know in 2002 a Creed concert was so bad that fans filed a lawsuit.
 He's so great. I also love tupac, i think its great that he did ballet in high school! different than what he is known for!
 Thats a long time to tour.They toured nonstop.2,263 concerts thats amazing.
 It really is. Did you know that Michael jackson wanted to build a huge robot of himself!
 I heard that.How strange.He wanted it to follow him around.
 Hi, Do you think the Temptations are back in style?
 Yes. I was also suprised about that, but after I thought about what he had become I wasn't really actually suprised. Jackson also was a Simpons fan. Did you know this?
 It's interesting how all the cultural pop songs can make their way into musicals too.
 If it were 2001, you would have been able to probably get to at least one linkin park concert since they put on 324 of them!
 Oh I agree! That's not even close to the Ramones though!
 He was the jack of all trades! He even won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 That would have been nice to see, and also seeing Tupac do ballet in high school!
 Music has come a long way for sure, especially from the classical form back in the 1500's.
 He won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 I would love to see that! I am sure it was very funny seeing an old man break dance.
 I heard about that. Interesting that he danced ballet in high school.
 Good for him! I would like to see him portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker. 
 That is crazy! I would love to try on a pair. 
 Like 4 i think!   That is wild!
 Tupac was quite a talented guy! I'm not a fan of ballet, but I bet it's challenging.
 I am not a fan of ballet either, but I did not know that professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes within a week.
 The shoes look pretty delicate. I've heard that Bruce Lee was also a good dancer. He had tremendous body control.
 I think I listened to a few of their songs, but I can imagine babies banging their heads along the rhythm.
 Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001. I wonder when they slept!
 I know right! When do they ever have some time to rest?
 It is, but in front of nobody.
 Did you know that there are some ballet slippers that actually make drawings from the dancers' movements.  I would like to see that artwork.
 Yes it's a great place I've seen Queens of The Stone Age there! Still don't think it compares to a Roman venue though.
 Its amazing how they know spontaneously how to dance, I mean its instinctive, explain that one???
 He has been playing tennis for years. I guess the worst injury he's had has been at home drawing a bath for his children, though. Bad luck!
 I don't know this news.
 Same here!  I just found out recently that DC comics stands for detective comics comics.  Had no idea! All these years, I thought it stood for D.C. as in Washington, D.C.
 Stan Lee would be proud of you!  Excelsior!
 That's good.  Space is very interesting.  I've learned recently, that there are stars that are cool enough to be touched with your hand.
 Wow that's interesting.  If only we could get there, I always struggle to comprehend the distances and times they talk about in space travel.
 I know, it's above my pay grade, for sure.
 It's funny to think back, the Nintendo entertainment system could only display 54 colors and now how these systems have progressed.  Wow!
 Yeah, I like them both! Did you know that Michigan State library has the worlds largest collection of comic books!!
 I hardly get to the library anymore. I use to though. Marvel published a generic comic book.
 I too have the Nintendo around here somewhere? I didn't know at the time it had only 54 colors.
 Really, Have you been to area 51? Did you know there are stars cold enough to be touched by the human hand?
 I did not know that.  I always assumed stars would be hot.
 There is a theory there's only 1 electron in the universe! Good chat!!
 the biggest injury in all of Federer's career wwas caused by a bad stretch when he was bathing his daughter. What odd fate he has
 i dont know how that would even happen! must have been a big stretch
 oh gosh how did you do that?
 especially since his injury was in 2016, he already had so much career under his belt. his bank account was healthy im sure 
 Ha! Me neither! I'm not a great fan, but I know some people are. I guess Stan Lee who is responsible for so many comics has a favorite word he ends all his conversations with, Excelsior!
 I guess they even have the generic comic book that Marvel published so that they could trademark the names super-hero and super-villian.
 Probably. The university must also have some of the first books that were made of only comic strips with a humorous tone. It's wasn't until later that they started having stories of other genres too.
 Yes, there are all kinds of theories about the universe, right? One is that the universe evolve through natural selection must like species on earth do!
 He really did entertain a lot of people. Did you ever play Ninetendo for entertainment? Those early systems were really low-tech, with only 54 color displays.
 I was intrigued by the backstory of how she created the show and how it was loosely inspired by her brother Steven Sugar. 
 Yes! The thought that taking an art class could catapult her career into developing such a popular show. I was reading through her commentary at her latest conference in Maryland. I thought it was hilarious how she referred to making the show as making sausage.
 Yes, no one wants to know HOW sausage is made. I find it interesting that she is the first female creator of a show on the channel.
 I think her relating her episodes to her personal experiences is the best part about her story: especially because the network did not want openly LGBTQ characters in it.
 No worries! And I agree with you about the executives. She makes a very good point when she says that no one is horrified to talk about how Charlie Brown likes the Little Red-Haired Girl. And it is very true, the idea that LGBTQ kids exist is not horrifying or a surprise to most of the world. 
 I had not even thought about that aspect of changing the number of planets. Like, where did Pluto go? LOL. The thought that scientists think the universe evolved through natural selection sparks my interest. I'm not certain how much I lean towards my scientific side of Darwinism versus Creationism, but the fact that some think the universe could be just one big superhologram is scary and eye opening at the same time.
 There are others who believe that the universe may only be a superhologram
 Who knows? Some of them also believe that like the different species on earth, universes evolve through natural selection
 Yes  - it helped earn the black panther 500 billion dollars!
 Now that is hilarious. Really I can't imagine wearing anything other then pants, well shorts too. It's crazy there were so many rules and taboos about something like pants.
 I remember that. Michael wore them anyway and Nike paid the fines he got after every game.
 If he had the 10% would be worth 8.62 billion!
 He will probably need it eventually. Apparently 5 years after retirement 60% of NBA players are broke. That is just sad.
 The happy endings and the fairytales make me feel peaceful and happy to watch.
 I heard the movie also made over 100 million, that is impressive!
 Very true, let alone act in one. It's no wonder these Horror movies are so successful with high calorie burning and inspiring tales from literature authors like edgar allen poe, bram stoker and mary shelley making it known that horror films have been around for more than a century!
 Most definately, a must watch. It was nice chatting with you :) take care
 Haha. I guess that instrument is used for making a creepy noise that is used in horror movies or something? They should play that in art museums. Apparently if you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art you enjoy the art a lot more
 that would scare me too. but those scares is what makes you burn calories. You can burn up to 200 calories watching a horror movie
 Yeah, I watch it every night before bed. I'm not alone. From 9 pm to 12 am Neflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America.
 I totally forgot about the mail option. I heard that Reed Hastings got a late fee and was inspired.
 Haha, well I bet he is grateful for the late fee now since Netflix is now worth 50 billion dollars!
 Oh for sure! crazy that Netflix has about 140 million subscribers right now too. They also started by selling DVDs and by renting them as well. But they stopped selling the DVDs in order to just focus on renting
 I really don't know who that is, haha. I don't know celebrity names. I do know that he must be a good actor as he won the oscars 3 times.
 Yeah they are amazing. And they aren't afraid to go with an unknown for a character either. The merchant elder is a woman who just sent in an audition tape. She was 88!
 I have and I loved it! Hard to believe Peele is only the fifth black director to be nominated! That is insane!!
 Wow. I do not like them but will incorporate them into my workouts!
 Blockbuster turned down a deal for Netflix for $50M. What a bad decision!
 I know, right? Huge mistake considering Netflix is worth 2 billion now! You know they'll forever have to live with that mistake!
 Walt Disney has 22 oscars! That's a record!
 Indeed! And that's extremely hard to believe. It's also crazy knowing Eminem, a musician, had won more Oscars than Bill Murray, Leo, Will Smith, Depp and Lucas combined!
 Are you a fan of astronomy?  I just learned the sun accounts for 99.86% of the total mass of our Solar System!
 I'm a fan of the sun. Otherwise we wouldn't be here. :D I am actually, I have an App on my phone that tells me the nights the ISS passes over my house. Watch it every time. It looks like a star that moves across the sky. It moves at 17,000 miles per hour.
 That is awesome.  Apparently, the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy!
 The thing that surprised me is that a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun. If we could harness that power all our power needs would be met.
 That is amazing.  I could  not imagine being struck by lightning!  I stay inside during thunderstorms!
 I'm a risk taker. I stay outside and watch until the rain starts. My wife really gets mad at me. But you are more likely to get killed in a car accident. But people don't stop doing that. What do you think of Facebook?
 No, it think it is a great idea. It if a free medium for them to collaborate  otherwise they would have to develop their own interface probably costing billions. Wonder why they want to rewrite it.
 ya I do like those movies, I guess the director of that movie doesn't like digital film and is currently fighting to make sure that directors keep using actual film
 I didn't know about that, but I was sad that Blockbuster went out of business, I remember as a kid it was always fun to go there, but blockbuster did apparently laugh their offer out of their office, which shows they were cocky
 that is crazy, I wonder when they will stop their shipping service, I think it's funny they look at illegal download levels to decide what shows to purchase next to see their popularity haha
 Do you like Vanilla Ice? I guess the cinematographer of one of his videos also photographed Schindler's list haha
 its from 2011, it's actually a really good movie, I didn't know until now that the director is actually color-blind! that movie has great colors in it which is weird
 That is crazy, I will have to check it out sometime now and I'll keep that in mind when I do.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
 Right! I can still remember when we had movies mailed to our house, in the beginning of Netflix. IT's funny that they spend more on postage than they did for their bandwidth. I guess, not anymore!
 Yes, they account for 33% of bandwidth use in North America from 9 PM to 12 AM, which is crazy. It does have massive debt, though; it had $21.9 billion as of September 2017 and announced plans to raise another $2 billion in October 2018!
 Yes, I think cinematography is what makes most movies today. I am sure a women will win that category soon. And speaking of winning, Hopefully Roger Deakins, who hasn't won in 13 times of being nominated, will win soon!
 I know! That was really something but either they had to go with the guy on record, or maybe he just really didn't care about getting the credit. I love the slow motion cinematography we have in so many movies now. I know it's not new any more, but I still like it.
 I do too. Jeff Bezos built a clock into the side of a mountain that can run for 10,000 years.
 Wow!  Not only is he a master entrepreneur he is pretty inventive too!
 For sure. The first customer for Amazon spent around $30 and had a building named after them
 That would be sweet. Yea I heard they made a deal with the postal service to deliver on Sunday's.
 Oh very cool. I saw their warehouse workers walk between 7-15 miles per shift.
 For sure. I saw Amazon also owns IMDB.
 Haha me too! Hard to believe they account for 33% of the bandwidth from 9pm-12am.
 Good morning!
 I love it! How bout yourself? 
 Thats true. Do you use Movie pass to go?
 Oh I should have tried to guess! I probably could have guessed it was him! Did you know that Disney's Treasure Planet was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time? I hadn't even heard of the movie!
 Oh that is an enormous loss! Do you know what movie it was?
 Oh my goodness! The things  could do with 8.5 million! That's absolutely mind blowing! He should probably retire! But I doubt he will, he just keeps on being in movie after movie after movie! Haha. Smart man!
 No I'm not sure if it did or not. I do know that Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentine's Day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million!
 Did you know that Tupac was a ballet dancer in high school? How random is that!
 Yeah, he was the mouse king! I found it interesting that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creating in 1989. I didn't know that's when it was created even!
 Tom Hanks films have grossed 8.5 billion world wide, that's amazing
 Yea, I'm surprised 3rd Rock was able to beat one of the best seasons of Seinfeld at the Golden Globes
 Thanks for the info.   I did not know that about Disney and the Sleeping Beauty.
 Oh, I meant San Francisco! Haha, On the west coast that is our city! Las Vegas has been reviving the old downtown for years and they have founding, goals, lots of success. The "ghetto" is certainly being transformed into our own arts district so 
 hello hows it going?  Do you like animals?  I just read that the dodo bird is related to a pigeon,  interesting because they don't look a like!
 I've heard that statues of owls also work,  Ive seen a lot in my neighborhood! 
 Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests. What thiefs!
 lol Right!  Those spiders worked hard on their webs!  So unfair!  But you gotta do what you gotta do for your babies! 
 Haha that's is weird.  I have been to Australia,  I never saw anything like that.  Maybe it;s just in certain parts.  They should put that bird to work,  it would make a lot of money lol 
 Hahaha,  you wouldnt want hallow bones though,  that would just make you more prone to injuries!  
 It is just holiday weight,  we are all suffering from that lol That food is for strays.....those dogs are starving lol they aren't trying to keep them fat,  they are trying to keep them alive lol 
 Nice!  dogs also cant see as many colors as we do!  
 Oh really?  AOL is a cat people company?  Thats funny,  although I am a dog person and I have to say dogs are awesome! 
 Yeah I did know about that!  I wonder what they have in there?  
 Thats a nice paycheck !  Too bad for lebron lol Its been good chatting! 
 That sounds like positive progress! I remember reading that they recently carried out four drug-related executions, so I hope this will end those.
 Really? I won't comment on the link between "dodo" and the general intelligence of pigeons... but it's a shame they're extinct. I wonder if there's a reason pigeon species specifically, like dodo birds and homing pigeons, do that.
 Wow! I suppose I shouldn't be surprised, since bird skeletons look so fragile and their bones are so thin, but I didn't realize they were hollow too.
 That makes the hummingbird nests I've seen seem a lot less friendly!
 Hummingbirds steal spiders nests? Little jerks.
 Ya seriously. supposedly its to build their own nests haha
 Yeah exactly! It must help that their bones weigh less than their feathers
 It probably helps that their bodies are basically entirely designed for flight. Like their digestive systems and respitatory systems are all adapted for flying. its really interesting
 We should! I guess its good that we at least allow dogs to donate blood
 There are a couple breeds that are universal donors.
 I find it funny that their code of conduct specifically declares them a dog company. I've never seen that before
 Nope, never heard that.  Its fine to like dogs, but lets not discriminate here.
 It's crazy to think only lebron makes more than her
 No surprise there.  That's how he made a name for himself.
 Yep he was just doing what he like to do, even Apple removed five of his six Infowars podcast from iTunes apparently
 Yeah that's a good question. It's amazing that Google bought YouTube back in 2006 for 1.65 billion dollars that's a lot of money
 Yes I agree with you. It's also interesting that you can put videos that are only for people 18 and up on YouTube, so kids can use it but you have to verify your age as well
 It's interesting that Facebook was started back in 2004 though, I thought they started later than that that seems like a long time ago
 Well if you unfriended 10 people then they would give you a coupon for a free Whopper LOL
 Those four million songs are songs that have never been listen to Once actually, they have a lot more than that in terms of total number of songs
 They're ok. There are so many kinds from 2 inches to 9 feet long!
 I've heard stories about them. Apparently it is a relative to the pigeon. 
 They are kind of silly looking in books. Remind me of ostriches which are the tallest birds. 
 I heard there are some that can go from Alaska to Mexico! That's incredible
 I'm sure. Not all birds can fly, but all non extinct ones have wings. 
 Smart creatures! A lot of birds have really hollow bones
 That's pretty cool. They also all have beaks and no teeth.
 Well she was arrested for drug charges LOL apparently the drugs were hidden in her luggage by the man that she met
 No I don't see the resemblance either. I didn't know that birds can fly from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping, I wish I could go without sleep for that long
 Yes that is impressive. Also impressive how hummingbirds will steal spider webs in order to make a nest LOL that's cool
 That's really crazy! I wonder what would happen if the humans bones were that light? Did you hear about the birds in Australia? How they can mimic sounds of actual human made items
 It would be! They can make the sounds of car alarms and chainsaws LOL I would be so scared
 Yes I would think so. Would you ever wear clothes made by Rip Curl? Apparently their label says they're made in China but they're actually made in North Korea which I think is very weird
 Wow, that's incredible. I like Facebook as well,  it started a year before YouTube in 2004.
 Enjoy your day, unadd some friends for that whopper!
 What does not seem right is that they have 56 gender options?
 How can there be so many of them? 56 seems really excessive. I guess they dont want to exclude people. 
 Yes I believe so. It's the second largest search engine on the internet
 I can see that. Justin Bieber's song "baby" is the most disliked song on YouTube.
 Me too. Burger king had a promo on FB to delete 10 friends to get a Whopper.
 Not sure but it is illegal in Schleswig-Holstein to use the like button.
 I bet so too. $75 million is a lot but look how much it would be worth now.
 A band earned $20,000 from Spotify for a silent album. Nice chatting with you.
 I use it sometimes. How about you? I can't believe it's been around for 15 years already!
 That's true! I guess Myspace missed out, they could have bought Facebook for 75 million. 
 You're right. They're worth billions by now!
 Me too! They had the largest valuation when they went public in 2012 and they've grown so much since then. 
 Here's hoping!! Hard to believe facebook was created by college roommates. 
 Very true! And they were Harvard students, too, so pretty intelligent. 
 I can't believe you only have to be 13 to have an account. That seems young!
 And a lot of drama! It went from only Harvard to other universities to high school, now anyone over 13! Yikes
 Oh yeah? I wonder what they're using instead? There are all kinds of new platforms coming out for music, videos, and social media. I didn't realize Youtube is almost 15 years old too!
 It's amazing how interconnected the big companies are! Thanks for chatting!
 What?  That's cool!  Poor dodos-I wish we could see them today.  Speaking of weird but cool bird trivia...did you know that hummingbirds sometimes rob spiderwebs to build their nests?  
 No! My friend's grandma had a parrot which freaked me out. It would scare me to hear the birds in australia that can imitate a chainsaw!!
 that's such a fun fact! I just had a blood drive at work and it's funny that there are dog blood drives too! I didn't even think of that. It's smart for all animals!
 Carol Burnett is so funny.  She can always make me laugh.  So can Robin Williams, he was so awesome.  I remember when he was in Aladdin, I think he was the actor that kicked off all the famous people doing voices in cartoon movies!  
 Maybe you would meet Judge Judy and ask her for a loan, she makes so much money!  I heard $123,000 per episode!  I wish I could be a celebrity!
 Wow, that's amazing. Some celebrities also have the platform to do such good things. Like that Ethopian celebrity chef who wants to help with the hunger in the country by encouraging people to eat more types of foods. that's very smart!
 Lebron James! Apparently he is the highest paid celebrity !!
 Wow!  That's so crazy!  I think that Remmy the hawk has become a local celebrity, but he probably only gets paid in meat treats.
 They also live together! 
 No, I've never even heard of Lilyhammer until recently lol, can't be that good
 Larry Page and Sergey Brin own about 14% of the shares and 56% of stock holder voting power.
 I think its silly that early versions of google moon used pictures of cheese for the closest zooms
 Speaking of celebrities, Did you know a guy who shared the same name as Justin Bieber is banned from facebook
 Did he do something wrong or just because of his name?
 Thats really thoughtful of him! I wish there were more people that use their influence for the greater good
 i think so, and I also know that Coconut oil initially attracted adherents with promises that it boosts immunity and aids in weight loss
 aw yes, Over the course of 2017, coconut oil retail sales dropped $52 million, or 24.3 percent, could you believe?
 I am an animal lover.  Do you know that there are 20 quintillion individual animals in the world.  It is a lot lot lot of animals
 Yeah, in 1912 a Scottish protection! Very cool!
 I feel the same way.  Who knew hiccups in humans is a hold over from land animals having gills and lungs.
 Gosh like Instagram and Facebook yesterday, in 2013 Google went down for only 5 minutes and took 40% of traffic.
 Funny, the Green Lantern movie  was originally going to be a comedy with Jack Black!
 Dunno... Probably surveys... I miss 3rd Rock from the Sun.  It actually won a Golden Globe in 1997 over Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier.
 I do!  I have been Binge watching the Great British Baking Show.  lol  I am surprised there is still a mail subscription.  
 I thought so too. I bet Blockbuster regrets not buying Netflix for $50M.
 They used to make me mad but I didn't use my anger positively like that.  Now Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth between 9pm and 12a,  They are popular!
 Nope.  Poor guy.  At least he was nominated.  No woman has ever been nominated for Cinematography. 
 That is pretty shocking, I wonder if there are a lot of women in the field? 
 Did you know nessie may have a dialect? Animals from different areas have different dialects.
 Ah nice I'll have to check it out. I didn't know that Kubrick took over the cinematography for Spartacus and did it himself. But it doesn't surprise me as something he would do haha
 Nope i never knew that. I do like roger deakins though I think he does a lot of coen bros. movies, it's crazy he was nominated 13 times for a cinematography oscar
 Ya that is odd especially since movies have been around for so long. I actually program in python and I had no idea it was named python after monty python, it's crazy how much still you still don't know
 Yeah come to think of it I never heard of a female one too.
 That seems crazy! Especially since from 9pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwith in North America! 
 Well, I do love Seinfeld. I think it's one of the greatest shows ever, but did you know that in 1997 it lost the Golden Globe for Best Comedy to 3rd Rock From the Sun?!
 I did not know that.  I tend to favor the Brits in both comedy and acting.  It is more actor performance and less special effects.  Monty Python is a great Brit classic comedy and has a computer science 'nerd' salute with the "Python" programming language!
 I heard that. Other than the obviously gender-specific awards, like Best Actor, it's the only Oscar category that has never nominated a female contender! 
 Poor Roger Deakins! What about the guy who was cinematographer for Spartacus. Stanley Kubrick took the camera away from him and did it himself! Even though he did almost none of the work, when Spartacus won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, it went to the credited cinematographer. 
 My friend has one of the nintendo classic systems and I played Contra for the first time in a while. It was terrible graphics and really bad colors.
 Hahaa, Really? That's funny....I was surprised to find out that Nintendo owns the Seattle Mariners, Ya learn something new everyday lol.
 HA! My son is 7 and wants to play that game. I will make sure to go with him when he plays.
 I do like music and use spotify every day. Did you know they have 4 million songs that have not been played once?
 That would be interesting. Those 4 million songs make up 20% of all of their songs.
 They need to do something because apple music is catching up to them. They are only 3M subscribers behind.
 That is a close race! Did you know youtube is the second largest search engine?
 I did not. That makes sense though because they are owned by google, the number 1 search engine. I was surprised to learn the creator is from sweden. No idea.
 That's crazy! I was surprised to know an artist needs 130,745 plays a day to make minimum wage. 
 Thats a high standard. I love how a band earned $20000 on spotify for a silent album.
 Same here! The Nintendo entertainment system only could display 54 colors.
 Did you know police have blutube where there share video? I had no idea.
 That is hilarious. It is also funny that Beibers "baby" video is the most disliked video on youtube.
 That's the opposite of Psy's gangnam style. THat was so popular they had to upgrade to 64 bits.
 That is hilarious. I never understood why it was so popular.
 Good question. Did you know Bill Nye became famous because he won a steve martin look alike contest?
 I can see it. At least he was never rejected for a science role that Regan was for a presidential role.
 No I didnt, I bet that album wasnt successful at all, 
 well they actually had their followers listen to it constantly, and they got enough money to fund a tour!
 oh I think so too, its in 78 regions and has all kinds of free and paid content now
 ya they did, it's crazy that youtube is the largest search engine on the web, google is number 1, so google owns the number 1 AND 2 spots
 oh ya called blutube! I want to watch it. I guess they share law enforcement videos on there
 ya I still have it, I guess it can only display 54 colors, that seems so bad today!
 Thats dedication. The foo fighters played a concert so loud it showed up on the seismic scale. And there are concerts even louder
 Thats hilarious. Abba turned down 1 billion to do 100 concert reunion tour
 I do! I just learned one of my favorite bands played an incredible amount of concerts. The Ramones played a total of 2263 concerts!
 I know, great band!! I heard its was non stop for over 20 years!!
 It's really impressive. So is Linkin Park. They played 324 concerts in just one year!
 I did not know that. Not all bands are as talented as Linkin Park and the Ramones. The band Creed played a concert so terrible that four concert goers filed a lawsuit.
 Must have been bad! lol I can't remember any songs from that band.
 I am pretty easily entertained. I would go and see a competitive chess game. The President of the World Chess Federation thinks the game was invented by aliens.
 Oh my goodness! maybe, lol  Chess was invented in India and improved by Persians! Who knew?
 I did not know that. There are more moves in a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe. I don;t know how that is possible!
 That is my favorite ballet. I just learned that Tupac played the Mouse King in high school
 I know, I didn't know he took dance? I guess Bruce Lee like to dance too!
 Celebrities are so multi talented. Ballet seems really difficult, professional dancers can go through 4 shoes a week.
 Yeah but apparently still making 800,000 a year from a deal with Reebok- crazy!
 Wow! I heard he has deal with warner bros to do a Space Jam 2- I can't wait for that!
 I agree! That is a cool story- it makes him seem really personable. Did you know his son cost his school a $3 million contract with adidas because he wanted to wear his dad's shoes? 
 I read that too! And I don't blame him- I've got several Jordan's and their the best! It does blow my mind, though, that nike can throw that kind of money around
 Yeah I'd like to know- just goes to show the influence he had! 
 I did know that! How cool would that be now to say that you saw him then?!
 No way?! Thats amazing! You've seen some seriously incredible games- I'm super jealous! The two best players ever!
 Oh my god! Hindsight is 20/20 I guess lol Its pretty amazing you've done all that. Thanks for chatting! 
 I can't believed they already defaced LeBron murals in LA
 I admit, I'm not the biggest basketball fan, but I do like how LeBron does so much charity work.  
 Yeah, I heard about that, thought it was a pretty neat thing to do.  They say he's one of the highest paid celebrities ever.  
 You mentioned shoes earlier, that reminds me.. he turned down $10 million from Reebok only get a $90 million offer from Nike less than a year later!  
 Wow, he was big ever back then!  
 Ahhh.. nobody will do that, it's too embarrassing!  :)  Speaking of shoes, did you know Air Jordans were BANNED when they were first introduced in the NBA?
 It's amazing how much money those guys make just one SHOE endorsements!  It's crazy...
 I'm told Michael Jordan's son cost his school a $3 mill Adidas contract because he wanted to wear his dad's line of shoes instead.  All that money just boggles the mind!
 yeah, it does. And michael jordan's son cost his school 3 million just becasue he wouldn't wear addias.
 Never heard of him. He is an artist?
 Yea he is the co-founder and Ceo
 he wants to build vertical electric passenger jet. very ambitious.
 thats funny. Its legit in south africa to put flame throwers on your car
 i heard the guy it was named after founded detroit.
 probably by his jet.
 Thats neat. The trunk of your car is called that because they used to have wooden trunks in the back
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you know much about Tesla? The tesla model s is road tested on an indoor track because their cars don't produce any emissions.
 Ive never seen that movie,  is it good?
 Oh interesting!  
 wow!  Elon musk took a $78 million paycut to his tesla motors salary in 2014, returning all but $1
 Nice! Elon musk's wife appeared in christopher nolan's inception
 Do you have a need for a flame thrower?  
 Oh does it snow where you are?  I could see a flame thrower being handy with clearing out the snow in the driveway lol
 Apparently Ellen musk found a PayPal space X and Tesla.
 He did.  He has put a lot into his companies, he once got paid $1 so that he could return the 78 million back to the company, as his years salary.
 Well that is impressive. As of June 2018 Tesla only sells three model vehicles I thought there were more.
 That's so cool I wish more companies did that. Apparently the Tesla model S runs Linux.
 Yeah good point. Maybe. Another cool fact is that the Tesla model S can be tested indoors because it doesn't produce any emissions.
 True, I heard that it was so safe it broke the safety testing equipment too.
 Oh yeah are you referring to the web software company? That is amazing.
 Yes they are expensive but no fuel cost, and they run linux! The powerwall is also on my list. Much better then a gas generator for power backup.
 That is interesting. Apparently in south africa it's legal to put flame throwers on your car to prevent theft.
 Yeah he takes chances, and seems to really care about the betterment of mankind. He wants to establish a colony on mars. How cool is that?
 Yes I mentioned that earlier.
 I think if he provided value, then yes, he should. What do you think?
 Yeah. I wonder why they wouldn't want to pay him, if nothing else for the likeness.
 I don't know a ton about tesla. Do you? No idea it ran on linux.
 Seems like they didn't brainstorm their company name too much. They test them on an indoor track too because their's no emissions?
 That is amazing!  SpaceX and Tesla are really pushing the boundaries.
 I wonder and it goes back to our earlier discussion about how Twitter and social media has become.  As a result, it's hard to say if it was based more on PC than picking the right child.
 A government that is focused more on that than space exploration and getting passed by people like Elon Musk in the private sector.
 Odd to grow facial hair given that people started losing major body hair 240,000 years ago.
 Humans are amazing creatives. We can regrow ribs and it only takes 2-3 months!
 That would be fun to ride, though I think some trains go faster.
 Yea, it's pretty crazy how humans are able to design things when we evolved for long distance running ourselves
 It's odd that a human can regrow a rib but can't synthesize our own vitamin c
 ya I would definitely go to that, but ya like what is the capacity, is there a fee? What do her neighbors think of the noise haha
 Yes, I do love to travel also!! You can learn so much that way!! lol, I know who knew he would be the first?
 Yes, very cold. They have to fly everywhere Kind of like the US Virgin Islands , they take fights from island to island.
 Oh good comparison. Also the Japanese toll system would take a toll on my wallet!
 Interesting. I would think it would be faster. But yes the toll system costs $300 to travel the country!
 All the highways are tolls, Good grief, glad its not that way in the US!!
 Yes I have. Bourbon street is crazy! That goatee fact is cool. Jazz is all over the world now, even in Pakistan!
 For sure it has grown. Who knew, Pakistan has a jazz orchestra topping the charts!
 Yes humans are amazing how they can play such great music. There is even a certain sound frequency that causes fear in music but luckily I have never heard it. 
 Yeah, persistence hunting in earlier days was suppose to help that. lol I thought the Pitch black was the scariest. I could see nothing for at least 20 minutes and  just lifted the side curtain and ran out! lol 
 lol, I know those crazy gouls!! Remember at the airports instead of fetching baggage faster airports just make you walk farther . Not surprised. lol
 Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
 I haven't been to any concerts in the last few years. Did you know that Queen's guitarist, brian may, has a phd in astrophysics. 
 That's awesome.  My grandpa had a Gibson.  My dad has a Fender.
 Oh wow, I didn't realize.  Thanks for the chat.
 I wonder where he rode it from! In 2002 concert attendees brought a lawsuit against Creed because they were dissatisfied with their concert!
 Haha. That poor band. Deep purple broke the record for loudest concert in 1972.
 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman ampitheater in Pompeii but there was no audience!
 Wow they should have had an audience. Did you know Abba turned down 1 billion dollars to do a 100 concert reunion tour?!
 Wow! The Ramones on the other hand certainly liked doing concerts. They did a total of 2263 concerts and were on tour for more than 20 years
 Jeez. Must take its toll. The Foo fighters must also like playing cause they played so loud they caused seismic activity!
 I wish I could play it! Some guitars are dangerous! Eddie Van Halen set studio speakers on fire when he recorded the guitar solo for Beat It!
 Whoa that is crazy lol. Cornell University once built the worlds smallest guitar played by a laser!
 I wonder if Queen's guitarist would know how to make one. Brian May has a PhD in Astrophysics.
 Wow impressive. Funny you ask that because he built his own guitar out of parts from an old fireplace and his mothers knitting needle.
 He also had an unconventional way at picking at the Guitar. He used coins.
 If I had a guitar that would be cool. I definitely would not smash it. Matthew Bellamy from Muse has the world record for most smashed guitars on tour.
 Acoutic guitars are more pleasant to listen to for me.
 It's hard to chose just one, I like so many different youtube channels. Did you know that youtube is the second largest search engine on the whole internet?
 Yep, also did you know that the police have "Blutube", where they share law enforcement videos with fellow officers?  Wow that would be something to watch!
 That's a lot of video watching!  Did you know that the band Pink Floyd recorded a whole live concert for video in an ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii italy, with no audience at all?
 Yes they were the best live performers, I agree. Speaking of a lot of concerts, The Ramones toured almost non stop for 20 years, my goodness!!!
 Creed was a good band for their first 2 albums, but in 2002 apparently 4 fans at a concert said it was so bad, they sued the band!
 When Eddie Van Halen recorded the guitar solo for Michael Jacksons Beat It, he literally set the studio speakers on fire!
 I guess that was a bit of ironic foresight huh? That was a great song!
 True and It's funny because I'm a metal head girl but I love just about every MJ song, lol.
 did you know that Queen's guitarist has a phd in astrophysics?
 wow that is cool, I guess matthew bellamy has a record for most guitars smashed on a tour, that seems like a dumb record its incredibly wasteful
 wow that is crazy, that's why I bring earplugs to concerts I go to, also in 2002 creed was sued because their concert was so bad, not surprising I guess haha
 interesting, I think it's dumb that Justin Bieber's baby song is the song that is disliked the most on youtube, like its not amazing but its not that bad, just seems silly
 That would be a fun place to visit. Just as long as it's not Creed. I went to one of their concerts before they broke up and I wish I would have filed a lawsuit like four concert goers did in 2002. 
 Probably not. They didn't seem to last too long after that. They didn't have a career like The Ramones. They played a total of 2,263 concerts, they toured almost non stop for over 20 years!
 That was a really good album too. I also like Collision Course they did with Jay Z. 
 Yeah it was. Did you know that in 1972 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the Ancient Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii....with no audience!
 I'm sure it is too. I bet it was an amazing experience. 
 I can't believe he did that. I heard that he actually was the ghostwriter for a song on the "Space Jam" soundtrack.
 I like that song, I also like Katy Perry and Snoop Dogg's West Coast answer to that song with "California Gurls."
 Yeah it would be a really good mashup. I wish I would have went to the high school Jay Z went to. Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, and DMX were all alums there.
 I have heard that album. It was actually named after the DC Comics miseries of the same name. 
 Yes I think it was a goldfish LOL. It's not as cool as a black swallower fish though, those fish can actually eat animals that are twice their length
 Yep I agree! Did you know that freshwater fish drink water through their skin? I wonder how they can do that, I wish I could!
 Oh wow that's weird I didn't know that. I thought that they sip water like my saltwater fish do. So interesting.
 Yeah I think so. Also have you ever heard of the zebrafish apparently 84% of human disease genes also have counterparts in a zebrafish, we should study them to
 No I don't think that I have. I like to read as well, I like to read poetry also. Did you know that CS Lewis and Tolkien used to have a competition where they read really bad poetry and tried not to laugh.
 I would feel bad if I knew that they were laughing at my work LOL. Did you hear about speed-reading though? Apparently the world record is almost five thousand words a minute
 Wow that's incredible that a person can process that much that quickly. I really liked Edgar Allan Poe growing up. Do you know that he was only paid $9 when his most famous poem the raven was published.
 No that's really sad. I also think it's sad that there was a moral Panic back in the 18th century, people were scared that so many people in the general public were reading novels LOL
 Oh wow I never knew that. Did you know that most of the Hobbit characters names are from an Icelandic poem called dvergatal.
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that Ender's Game the movie was based on a book, I thought that the movie was really bad LOL hopefully the book is better
 Thank you you too. And it is shocking that it's also on the reading list for the United States Marine Corps!
 Hi! Hope you're doing well! I understand it's wrong, but I just don't see the big deal over an FBI agent giving Gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum a ticket to Hamilton. What about you?
 Haha that would be awesome! Did you know managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play if needed? 
 I wasn't aware of that. That's interesting! Can you imagine seeing one of the older managers out there playing? Ha! It would be as crazy as seeing that 17 year old girl stole out Babe Ruth. Can't believe she was banned and not given a contract. 
 Haha that would be hilarious! Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada which is odd.
 Is that so? That's as crazy as that minor league team in Albuquerque  that was named after the Simpson's! Ha! That's hilarious!
 LOL - that is funny! A man once found 3 million dollars in baseball cards in his grandfathers attic. 
 Haha. Not sure what cards he actually found. Baseball is really big in Japan too. Did you know that?
 I love concerts. That's nuts it was that loud!
 It was loud but the loudest concert ever was actually Deep Purple's 1972 concert. It broke records and rendered three audience members unconscious. That is insane!
 That is completely insane. Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001!
 I do, actually. He is very talented and smart - so smart he actually memorizes his lyrics as he thinks of them instead of writing his songs down before recording them! Amazing, isn't it!
 That's cool.  I did read somewhere that he has a patent on his own color, "Jay Z Blue".
 Ooh, that must have been terrible for people to sue.  lol
 You have great musical taste then!  in the 2001 tour Linkin Park performed in 324 concerts, in that year alone can you imagine that!!!
 Nice. Even the games played in Japan? Baseball is so popular there, Japanese fans are surprised to learn that baseball is America's game!
 I bet they could have retired after that concert. How much did they charge for a ticket? They must have been insanely popular to book that many shows. Creed could take a lesson from Linkin Park.
 You mean they always read out load?  Were books so rare that you couldn't have your own?
 I believe people just read out loud because they were taught to read out loud, so they just assumed that was the way it was done.
 That's really amazing, and it goes way back too.  25th century BCE. Never knew about that until recently.
 The Vikings were poets too, even as they pillaged and raided.  That was considered a blessing haha.
 A blessing from Odin, the god of wisdom, poetry and death among other things.  I do think its cool these poems were not written down and were passed verbally generation to generation.
 I did not know that.  The Vikings were warriors but I guess even they had a soft spot for the word Hobbit. 
 no I didnt, but I did know he was honored at the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2017
 well I guess because he thinks that since movies are not sold scene by scene, he does not want to sell individual tracks
 ah thats cool, ya I guess that comic is set in the future about a retired superman, that sounds interesting
 ya I wanted to see if they really were that bad, I don't watch baseball but its shocking that it is so popular in Japan
 nope, and have you ever seen a baseball manager jump in to play for their team? apparently that is possible
 youd have to be flexible to play kickball, and I think its weird that Canadians call it soccer-baseball instead of kickball over there
 Boston Red Sox. Do you know that baseball is very popular in Japan? I've just read about it and surprised why.
 I have heard that it is very popular in Japan. Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their team if needed.
 In Canada kickball is also called soccer-baseball. It's quite weird name from my point lol 
 What a very odd name lol! A man once found $3 million dollars worth of baseball cards. 
 I'm not. Just read some facts about him. I didn't know he was born in 1969. It means he will be 50 this year if I'm right
 Oh wow yea he's getting up there. I thought he was younger than that. Jay-Z was the ghostwriter for a song on the Space Jam soundtrack.
 Yes, me too. I know that in 1972 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no people. It's interesting. I'll google it after this hit.
 We cannot agree. I think he's so overrated and his biggest claim to fame is coming up around the same time as BIG.
 In 1972 they recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in Pompeii. They had no audience, thought! Wouldn't that have been a good one?!
 No, I'm not sure if that's true. Like when a game is in extra innings and they are using position players to pitch, you never hear the analysts suggest the manager could pitch, right?
 I never knew about it until recently. It seems crazy to me! 
 I guess so, it's kinda crazy how Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America
 Yes. So are you familiar with Youtube? 
 No I did not. did you know Hogwarts is in Scotland and not Englad?
 I like my drama on tv.  Apparently, though, Jim Carrey an actor I like no longer does dramas only shows that project positivity due to his believes now.
 He was a good poet, but I'm not into poetry really. He was called England's national poet.  I wonder if we have one of those today?
 Who knows, wouldnt it be crazy if they were besties?I wonder if there was any kind of awards back then for talented people. 
 Oddly, Tchaikowsy donated his skull to the royal shakespeare company hoping it would be used as a prop for the skull of yorick
 I don't know, but the skull did get used in hamlet at the courtyard theatre, stratford-upon-avon.  Wonder where it is today?
 Do you like the Oscars?  They are also called the Academy Awards?
 ah I don't have cable so I just watch movies and youtube, but ya I guess the first youtube video ever uploaded was an elephant and a guy talking to it
 ya I agree, it's such a useful thing, I can't believe Google used youtube to train an AI that would then be able to recognize cats
 It's amazing the steps we have made with technology, I really think AI will come in handy in the future.
 oh definitely, and google is taking over the world as well as the internet, Youtube alone used as much bandwidth as teh whole internet did back in 2000
 I know I read once that cell phones have more computing power than the equipment we used to get to the moon. 
 wow that is crazy, I can believe it though, do you ever paint? I guess Youtube has a lot of Bob Ross painting videoes on there
 oh ya definitely, what is sad with teh internet is that astronauts on the space station have faster internet than more americans on earth
 ya I agree, those were cool times, can you believe now the internet has advanced so far that humans are vastly outnumbered by bots online
 I didn't know that!  It definitely fires the imagination and makes you wonder what is out there!
 Haha good point! I never knew that the highest paid state employee was the basketball coach in many states either!
 I would've expected it to be their football coaches.  I can't believe the name of New Zealand's team!
 It would be hard running the floor with those in there... Just kidding! Kareen got the dunk banned for a few years!
 Speaking of people who can't afford shoes...ballet dancers can't make a ton and go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes a week!
 Good Morning! I am! I have a border collie! She is really good at understanding pointing.
 That is so cool! I think it's natural to love dogs, even Google prefers dogs over cats lol.
 I agree, they just don't see as many colors as us humans do. Speaking of humans, did you know there is a sound frequency that causes fear in us?
 I'm sure it is super low and depressing, but I could be totally wrong! I think it's cool how unique everybody is, we can even grow a new rib in 2-3 months after having it shortened!
 That is very surprising to me! It's all about evolution I think, given we've lost our body hair as early as 240,000 years ago.
 Yes, wasn't that in 1986? I wonder if those clothes are worth anything these days? I should check at that Alabama store that resells unclaimed clothes and cameras from luggage.
 oh cool! I think you should look for them with made in china tags and not north korea!
 You're so right! I wonder how you can tell Pilgrim clothing since it wasn't always black like we were taught.
 I wouldn't doubt that! I might have to go down there sometime!
 Some people around the world are getting their dogs tailored clothing. What a crazy world we live in.
 Pilgrim clothing was full of color. they only wore black for special occasions.
 Wow, because when you think of Pilgrims you only think of black clothes and hats with buckles. Interesting.
 I prefer dogs.  I use an iPhone also.
 Right. Me as well. I learned something about dog fashion, and Google. Not bad.
 Haha yes I could see that, the name always makes me laugh LOL. I wish we could visit the planet that they think life exists on, the only problem is it's 455 light years away
 That's weird. Do you know who that even is by the way? I'm not sure who's Stephon Marbury is. but anyway, next time I have stinky feet, I'll put some dry tea bags in my shoes LOL I guess that will fix it
 Haha I can believe it! Well tell her to put some dry tea in there LOL. I want to try out the 5000 year olds that perform better than current shoes, I wonder how they were made
 That's awesome! And yeah I don't watch it much myself. But I do know that the US Supreme Court even has a basketball court on it. It's on the very top floor
 Haha I know right. I just don't see any of them playing basketball, even to settle a court case. They could fall and break a hip!
 ya I agree, like how one of Jupiter's moons would be considered a planet if it were to orbit our sun
 it would make sense that uranus would be interesting like that haha, it's cool that astronomers found builing blocks for life, unfortuantely they are 455 light years away
 haha ya I agree, one planet I don't want to visit is the one where it rains shards of glass and is 2000 degrees haha
 oh definitely, can you believe they had banned the dunk in basketball for over a decade? seems silly to me
 ya I guess Kareem Abdul Jabbar was just too dominant with it so they had to have it banned haha
 haha do you think they settle ties with a bball game? I guess in 39/50 states the highest paid public employee is the football or basketball coach, thats kind of sad
 They are not color blind either. I thought they were. 
 That is wild! Is it to cut down on car jacking? Can you imagine hauling a flame thrower around? Lol  Wonder if Karl Benz ever envisioned that when he first invented the modern car?
 Really? Even Superman? I knew it was illegal to name a kid Metallica and Elvis! That is crazy! 
 Yeah. I heard Ford is stopping production of cars and focusing on the F150...
 That's crazy! Did you know a professional racer beat 90,000 in a video game and that's how he became a pro?
 Really? I had no idea. Based on Nietzsche too? That's interesting.
 oh I agree, he could also be named genius of the world just so myself and my family would be harmed hah
 that's amazing, I heard Tom Brady was a third round draft pick, and now look 6 rings.
 ya it's crazy that they have 140 million subscribers! over 60 million in the USA alone
 ya for sure, and they pay 20 times more money on USPS postage than on the bandwidht they use
 right I agree, it's crazy that Netflix started at 50 million dollars in value and is now worth about 2 billion
 ya that makes sense they'd have that, what is crazy is netflix and youtube take up half of peak internet traffic though
 yup with 60 million in the USA alone, that is about 20% of households, can't believe they even exist in countries like China and Japan
 well the creator was charged a $40 late fee for renting Apollo 13, kind of silly that's what inspired him
 did you like it? I didn't really myself, but it makes sense to me that about a third of internet traffic is netflix from 9am to noon
 do you like comedy movies at all? have you seen kung fu hustle by chance?
 wow that is interesting, also crazy that the green lantern movie originally was going to star Jack Black, totally different!
 Wow.  An average professional hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds in one game!
 Speaking of hockey players, a hockey player was traded for 1$ in 1993 and that play went to win four Stanley cups
 That's crazy!  Are you a hockey fan?  
 Well not really, I know more about basketball than I do about hockey
 I didn't know that!  I do now!  lol
 I'm all in!  Speaking of shoes I see where Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reaches age 55...to where the then would receive a lump sum payment of 32 million!
 Yes, she was the first female director to gross over 1 billion at the box office. That's an amazing feat!
 Right?! She's also the first female director of a Disney feature film, which was honestly kind of surprising to me
 Yea, what also is surprising is Eliza was going to be the main villain of the film too!
 Amazon has been around since 1994?!
 I wouldn't want to work in there, the warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles a day during their shift!
 That's a lot of steps! I wear a FitBit that tracks my steps, I'd hit my goal everyday at a job like that
 Yea that is a lot of exercise!
 Yeah that is impressive. I never knew that it was actually based on a Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale called The Snow Queen, I'll have to check that out
 That is cool I bet he's making a lot of money haha. Did you know that Jennifer Lee was the first director of a Disney animated movie? She also directed Frozen
 That is crazy, the movie would be completely different if she were bad LOL. It's also interesting that they changed the name from Snow Queen to Frozen because feminine titles are thought to perform worse at the box office
 That is really crazy! I wonder why he did it, I also wonder why he named a building after the first amazon.com customer, even though they only spent about $28 LOL
 And also there is a book called Ender's Game which is recommended by the military, I don't know why that is because I think both of those movies were anti-military myself
 No, I am unaware of why the design of instagram is the way it is. I find it very strange that there is a German state where the Facebook like button is illegal. What could possibly be the reasoning for that?
 do you have the Hybrid THeory album in your collection? I guess it is the best selling album of the 21st century
 they're ok, not my favorite but I like pink floyd a lot, they still have best selling records!
 I'll have to check that out. Did you hear how a puck hit ariana grande in the face when she was just 5?
 yup that kind of stuff doesn't surprise me anymore unfortunately, interesting that shes not actually hispanic too
 ya I guess he won a cha cha championship! Martial arts is just a series of dance moves technically haha
 haha yes they will dance to the beat! I need to look that up, do you watch ballet?
 Do you like albums?
 They're an alternative rock. Do you like Pink Floyd?
 I do like them. Did you know that Dark Side of The Moon was one of the best-selling albums of 2014?
 I have heard about that. That's hilarious, I'd like to hear it.
 I have heard of Baby Metal. Have you ever heard of the punk band Reel Big Fish?
 Yeah and they re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album.
 I heard he won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha Championship in 1958.
 Yeah, it kind of is. Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the Mouse King in a production of The Nutcracker. I guess that was before he started using the gangster persona.
 Yeah, I'm sure it helps keep them loose and limber. Well I have to get going. Have a great night!
 I need more than a few drinks lol! I could dance like Bruce Lee then.
 I guess during that time 2pac danced ballet in high school and was in the nutcracker. That is the last thing I would expect from 2pac.
 What could go wrong???? He is a good musician though, at least by some standards. Gold digger is top ten and in a minor key!
 Kanye is very unique person to say the least. 
 I actually thought he was older than that. He must have gain success young because I remember listening to him almost 20 years ago. 
 Yes they have a lot of interesting subreddits for different topics, it's interesting to me that Peter Thiel, Snoop Dogg and Jared Leto were all original investors
 Yeah he definitely has a ton of money. Reddit even raised $200 mil after a 1.8 billion dollar valuation, which is impressive
 Yeah right it can get pretty crazy, it's even interesting that only half a percent of people actually vote in the Reddit polls
 Yes I think so. It's funny too because the community is so angry, the first Reddit post was actually about how right it was going downhill immediately LOL
 Yep that is an angry Reddit. I don't know why someone would read an online magazine called "the redditor" when you could just go right to read it also, that seems weird
 Yeah I think so. Most people don't like to read though, for instance only 7% of people will read the entire terms of service when they buy something on the Internet
 Hi! There's been so many challenges over the internet recently from Cinnamon challenge to now 'condom challenge', have you heard about that?
 Oh ok, yeah, the internet provides such a vast array of information and even services that I use daily but to think about stupid challenges like that, I hope kids know how dangerous these acts are.
 Yeah I totally agree. The internet is such a valuable and resourceful tool but at the same time it can cause real harm, like misinformation and also novelty from clicking links can cause real addiction that's measurable in the brain!
 Even with all that traffic, only a small fraction of people actually are active participants. Like for Reddit, only 0.53% of people who visit the site actually participate in voting for content. That's a small percentage!
 Yeah when you can hide your identity like what you can do online under fake accounts, its amazing the ugliness it brings out in people. Some humans are fierce and aggressive animals! There are at least over 1.5 million living animal species that have been described!
 Lol, they are heavy meat eaters! I need to check on the white patch mention because animals supposedly develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated, I haven't really noticed that.
 I also have a lot of things to do than read the entire full terms and agreements for services and products, but there are 7% of people who do!
 Wow. I guess if you're on Everest you might want to post a selfie lol.
 I had no idea. That's alot.
 I give blood regularly, so I've had a lot of exposure to needles.  I've seen spurts and such, but I know that a good nurse can get it done without pain.  275 is impressive.  I know I can't do that!
 Good evening, my article starts with Trending: Internet makes fun of condom challenge and microwaving foil
 Those acts of microwaving aluminum foil and sniffing condoms are super dangerous.
 I haven't seen too much of it either.  Is it good?  Did you know that there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on earth?
  I'm not sure but it's more than billion and trillion then comes quintillion
 People made a free online magazine based on reddit called the redditor.  Did you ever see that?
 In 2018, Reddit saw 153 million submissions and 1.2 billion comments too
 Can you imagine the movie Speed on that bus!!!! Holy smokes!
 Ha ha, yes that would change that movie quite a bit. Back to Iceland, most don't have cars and travel between towns by flight!
 I didn't know that! Thats cool. Nice chatting with you!
 Hi there! Did you know that giant lizzards live in Florida?
 Yes, I have heard of that one. It terrorized a FL family. Is is said to be 100 pounds!
 Yes, those kinds have an excellent sense of smell. It has a forked tongue and the family said it looked like a dinosaur.
 Oh, I bet. The family it terrorized had just seen Jurassic Park, so when they saw the lizzard outside thy screamed.e
 Me too! The family said it was sunbathing and did not appear to be afraid of people.
 I'd say. It sounds like it is teens letting them go,
 Yes. The whole problem is like a horror film meant to elicit fear. Did you know Stephen King was scared of Bambi?
 I was scared of it too! It is said if a person watches a horror film before seeing abstract art they get more from the art.
 I did not know.Onto other animals, dogs are wolf ancestors. Scary!
 Yep. Fish are crazy too. The black swallower can eat prey 2x its length.
 I'm not sure, but I know fish only "drink" water throught their skin.
 I love to travel.  I've been to Europe and Egypt.  I love middle eastern food.  Speaking of travel, did you know that planes are almost 10% slower than in the 1960s so they can save on the cost of fuel?
 That sounds scary.  Like the hyperloop or something.  They must be using it for distance travel if it is going so fast.  It must have a separate lane or something.  
 That is crazy!  imagine how exhausted they were at the end of their tour?
 Yeah they did... looks like they pretty much toured for their whole existance!
 Man that's a lot... i wonder who is the next closes to them?
 Oh wow!  That has gotta be really cool to see a concert there.  That's one concert i might go to!
 I never knew that... that is crazy!
 Oh, wow! That's cool. Did you know jazz trumpeters grew goatees because it provided comfort.
 Yep, she actually makes $1123,000 per episode! Crazy huh? 
 Wow that seems like a crazy amount of work! I wonder what's worse, that or traveling Mackinac Island, where I hear they banned motorized vehicles.
 Agrees. It is such a surprise. I don't understand why we can't do something better with our time - like teach sharks how to bark, ya know? It's actually possible!
 Oh wow that's crazy! Although I definitely am not considering adopting them now. Apparently they even rescue sailors! Definitely more useful than I thought.
 Do they really? I suppose when they're not hungry they do! Ha! Or as long as sailors don't get stranded in the white shark cafe where great whites like to congregate in the middle of the Pacific. Ha!
 You're right about that. And it's crazy they never evolved to develop rib cages. They say their own weight can crush their body on land. That is wild!
 Yea, it's kinda strange that Stephen King considers Bambi a horror movie
 Oh yeah.  Did you know if you watch a horror movie before abstract art, you will enjoy it more?
 Me too, did you know there are 12 blood types?
 I'm doing pretty good, just trying to get rid of some hiccups. Did you know that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs?
 No, I didn't know that.  How interesting.
 I know! The correlation between our anatomy and animals is pretty neat. Did you know that the study of animals is called Zoology?
 Yeah, I remember taking Zoology in school.  Did you know that there are over 7 million animal species?
 That is amazing!  I was shocked to learn recently that there are some animals that can theoretically live forever, because they are biologically immortal.
 You know I had heard that and I also read somewhere that there is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.  How wild is that?
 That is pretty wild, I heard that under the provisions of the 1912 Scottish Protection of Animals Act that the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species!
 Now that is wild.  Animals are so interesting to me.  I learned in college that they are like humans, they have a dominant "paw" or side.
 They are definitely interesting. Did you know that they develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated?
 How cool, strange but cool, nonetheless.  I also learned that animals from geographically distant area often speak different"languages" or "dialects", just like people.
 That's interesting. I wonder if my dog speaks with a southern dialect?
 Mine most definitely does! I'm so glad that the world is appreciating and respecting the animals more.  I read somewher that the Netherlands is constructing special bridges for wildlife.
 I wish they would do that here. It breaks my heart seeing dead animals on the side of the road.
 Agreed.  On a different note, I'm 50 years old and I just found out what the E. in Chuck E. Cheese stands for!
 I use it every day, too! Even astronauts can access the internet these days!
 Nope most people don't. Only about 7% read it, I don't think I've ever read it LOL
 It's called egosurfing. Wow! Almost everyone everywhere has internet service. In Finland, internet is a right. 
 I don't really use it, but I know it's the 3rd most visited site in the USA
 Oh I didn't know that. That's good to know, also good to know that some of the original investors were Peter Thiel, Snoop Dogg, and Jared Leto, I really like Jared Leto so that's cool
 Back then it was worth 500 million, but is now worth almost 2 billion!
 No, I've never heard of it. I didn't know reddit was so big! It was made by college roommates in 2005. 
 That is pretty cool. I remember my college roommate was cool and we had a lot of ideas but we never actually did anything with them unfortunately. Have you ever read about the space shuttle by the way? It only has one megabyte of ram apparently
 Really? That's hard to believe! The first computer was cardboard and distributed by Bell. 
 I'm sure they're nothing like our computers these days. The cardboard one was made back in 1968. 
 Yeah that's very impressive. Have you ever played the game Minecraft before? Someone made a working computer out of the Minecraft blocks, Minecraft is a video game so I don't really know what that means haha
 Oh yes, I'm sure. In the 18th Century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 I do, actually, it's 4,700 words per minute! That's wild!
 Well, humans are really talented. Although there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 I don't believe the Internet will ever burn down.  There are too many redundant and interwoven connections.  It would take a global catastrophe of apocalyptic scale to take down the entire Internet.
 I believe you could!  It is definitely worth a try, though actually attempting that bet is dangerous.
 I'm not sure.  I haven't heard about that feature.
 What amazes me is how fast computers have evolved, i.e. Moore's law.  Its amazing to think that I have more computational power in my smartphone that the Space Shuttle's general purpose computer.  I have 16 GBs of memory om my smartphone - the space shuttle's computer had 1 MB!
 That's good. Did you know MySpace was going to buy Facebook for $75 million back in 2005, but they turned it down?
 Not too sure on that. I saw in Germany the like button is illegal in one of their states.
 I wonder why. I know why the button is blue, Mark Zuckerburg is color blind.
 Oh wow...looks like he can't see red-greens.
 Iceland is rewriting their constituion using facebook...
 I use Google everyday. I saw a Google search takes more computing power than sending Armstrong to the moon.
 I know I agree. Google once uses goats to mow their lawn.
 They use android devices to calculate traffic!
 Very cool. Back in 2013, Google went down for five minutes.
 Hello,  how are you doing? Chinese american james wong howe was an oscar-winning cinematographer who pioneered the use of wide-angle lenses, low-key lighting, crab dolly and deep-focus cinematography. he was not an american citizen until 1943 and his marriage with a white woman was illegal until 1948 due to racism.
 That's interesting. No woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography. 
 Even though spartacus had a cinematographer, stanley kubrick took the camera away from him and did it himself. even though he did almost none of the work, when spartacus got the academy award for best cinematography, it went to the credited cinematographer, and not kubrick.
 Too funny! Cinematographer roger deakins has been nominated 13 times for the best cinematography oscar, and has never won.
 Wow,  thats tough! Gavin free, known for rooster teeth and achievement hunter on youtube, also worked on the slow motion cinematography for hot fuzz, sherlock holmes: a game of shadows, and dredd
 Cinematographer roger deakins has been nominated 13 times for the best cinematography oscar, and has never won.
 yeah,  I think you just told me that.  Too bad for him.  which movies was he apart of?
 I'm not sure. Are movies your favorite form of entertainment? Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight.
 Yes,  I watch a lot of movies!  When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment
 That's interesting. Bill nye "the science guy" got his break in entertainment by winning a steve martin lookalike contest.
 He really does look like Steve martin. The nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan.
 Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures.
 Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look."
 Haha. Guess he showed that exec! Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures
 Thats interesting. 
 Although people's attention is held by different things, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognizable and familiar..
 Cool. The nintendo entertainment system could display only 54 colors.
 I didn't know that! Early forms of entertainment were supported in royal courts.
 nice!  Do you like animals? There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 That's amazing. There are 1.5 million living species, but 1 million of them are insects!
 nice talking to you. 
 no i haven't read anything that old. I have read Enders game. Many military organisations suggest reading it 
 because of the techniques and protocols for war  to induce judge the situation i guess. Even some have starship troopers novel in reading list
 Fun Fact : all characters in hobbit  were taken from old icelandic poem.
 Good day. Are you interested in human history at all? Humans likely lost all their body hair 240,000 years ago!
 I don't think I ever want to. Just like how we get goosebumps because it was evolutionary to make us look larger!!
 Yes I enjoy reading but not as much as I should! The Lifters looks interesting. Enders game was good too and it is suggested reading for many military branches!
 Oh interesting. Now he is selling his books to HBO for millions lol. Are you a fan of poetry at all? The javanese alphabet apparently forms a poem when recited.
 I agree! even when it's complex, it stills shapes knowledge, experiences, communication, and sharing information
 They do? well thats a great thing, the internet is like a basic service now
 wow, didn't know that.  New google employees are called nooglers and have to are given a beanie cap their first friday
 haha that's awesome. I did not know that. one time Google went down for 5 minutes and took 40% of the web activity with it!
 wow.  DId you know it's illegal to own a rabbit in Queensland without having a magic license or be a scientist.  Don't know why
 That's odd.lol Strange laws sometimes. Did you know for one google search it takes more computing power than sending a spaceship to the moon!
 geez, that sounds like wasted power! Matt Patricia was a rocket engineer before coaching in the nfl.  His fight song for college inlcuded sin, cosine and tangent
 Very interesting! the  world wide web was invented in 1989 by an english scientist
 We must have read the same article.  I remember that, as well as that hiccups are  a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.
 I read that too.  What's even crazier is that under the 1912 Scottish protection of animals act, the Loch Ness monster is a protected species.
 Who knows? Did you realize that over 1.5 million living animal species have been described, of which around 1 million are insects?
 Well that's quite interesting.
 It is! I wonder if that means its a male-dominated field. I also read that Stanley Kubrick did most of the camera work in Spartacus, but the academy award went to the credited cinematographer instead. I guess they had an easy job!
 How very true.  On a side note did you know that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had that "presidential look"?
 He doesn't look anything like Steve Martin to me. Well, it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.  I need to go start cooking supper, I'll talk to you later, friend.
 Facebook has started surveying people asking if they trust certain websites and also if they recognize the publisher. I think this is a nice idea.
 Wow! I never knew that! That is innovative.
 Facebook was valued at 104 billion dollars in 2012, that has to be a huge hit for myspace.
 I bet so, they should have sold when they had the chance. 75 Million is a lot of money!
 I love google! I would be lost without its search engine. Did you know that it takes more computing power for one google search than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon?
 Wow! That is amazing! I never knew that! I do know about the code Reddit where everything you see appears as c# code. That's pretty cool!
 Yea, it's funny that only .53% of people who visit reddit vote for content
 No, I never knew that, I also didn't know theres an online magazine called the redditor
 I can't believe Mt. Everest has 3g service
 Maybe so? That's a funny term though, isn't it? Ha! You know what gets me is humans are actually outnumbered by automated software programs on the internet. So we are the minority, really!
 It was I didnt know there were awards given at the summit
 Same to you
 I wouldn't think it would be that many. Then again, Gangnam Style broke the view counter.
 No way! Those things can be crazy! I heard when Putin shook the Canadian prime minister's hand, the latter told him he needed to get out of Ukraine as he was doing it!
 Insane. I heard an Australian satire group successfully impersonated their way into the apec of the world leaders' summit! They were only caught when one of them stepped out of the car dressed as Osama Bin Laden!
 OMG. OBL is more disliked than even Justin Beiber's "baby", at least as far as youtube viewers go.
 Apparently Iceland does! They are rewriting their constitution via Facebook! And allowing the public to give their input on it. 
 I don't know if Mark Zuckerburg would like blue-tube, he made Facebook blue specifically because of his colorblindness. And to think I thought it was just because it looked nice!
 That's true I bet they didn't have the same problems we had with YouTube! Gangnam style had so many views YouTube had to upgrade their equipment just for it!
 Nope! But I'll tell you what got an upgrade! Eve-Online got a world summit award for e-content! I didn't even think they'd give awards to an online game there!
 Well I'll tell you would always be there to game it up, Spain. They have a permanent seat but can't officially join due to their policies. Seems funny. 
 Hey how's it going to use Facebook very often? I don't use it that much anymore. Apparently it is blue because Mark Zuckerberg suffers from red green colorblindness!
 Yeah he is so rich. And he almost sold it to my space back in 2005.
 That is pretty smart of you. You're not missing much. Although Burger King once had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people you get a free whopper.
 Good question. Yeah I agree it would lol. For some reason the like button on facebook is illegal in some places in Germany.
 Yes maybe that would make them more happy. Well do you use youtube? It's the 2nd largest search engine on the web!
 Oh good guess. Yeah it does. Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 No I didn't either. Maybe I'll watch it online at some point. Do you like horror movies? I read that watching them burns more calories than other genres lol.
 Huh, like an evil alien? It's hard to imagine. 
 I do! They beat out friends and seinfeld for awards.
 I rely on rotten tomatoes heavily. Although, sometimes they get it wrong. Michael Bay only has a 38% average.
 Me too. I saw Google maps using Androids to track traffic.
 It's scary how much they can track you. A single Google search is more computing power than it took to put Armstrong on the moon.
 Haha that's hilarious. Google went down for 5 minutes back in 2013.
 I did not know that. I did see Myspace turned down an offer to buy them back in 2005 for $75 million.
 Wow yea I saw that's why Facebook is blue because he can't see red-green.
 Did you know the like button is illegal in a state in Germany?
 I like google well enough, I remember when Yahoo! was the popular search engine. now they make up for like 40 percent of web traffic
 I would probably be a little uneasy on that campus if there were loose goats. thats funny about the stock options the founders own 14 percent of the shares that google has.
 i bet it is even more now. especially with all their apps like maps. they use how fast linked devices are moving to calculate real time traffic
 yeah they have content but I don't see it succeeding because it won't have variety. DVDs aren't THAT outdated. did you know that frozen was the first disney film directed by a woman? I think thats wild. 
 I know it is crazy.
 I did not know that!  Did you know that the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet all the power needs of Earth for 500,000 years?
 Yeah, I've heard about that.  Luckily our attic is in the garage where I don't go much... hehe.  I'm told you gotta watch out when seeking home improvement advice from the internet.  Course, I think that goes for ANY advice you seek from the internet, period.
 Did you know that the novelty from constantly clicking links can cause addiction measurable in the brain?  So, it really possible to become addicted to the internet!  (I think I might have that problem some days..)
 Haha.  I'm told young kids can get addicted to Youtube videos of people buying and opening those Kinder Eggs.  You know, the candy eggs that got a toy surprise in each one?  I'm thinking, "Is that all it takes to make a hit Youtube video?  Gotta try that sometime..." :)
 I skim it, and look for key phrases like, "Give u your soul" and "Organ harvesting" etc.  :)
 Yeah, we gotta watch that free stuff.  Speaking of stuff to watch, did you know the sun is actually white?  It only appears yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
 They say the sun's energy will undergo a radical shift in a mere 5 billion years, so make your plans accordingly!  :)
 Speaking of Neptune.. did you know on July 11th 2011, it completed it's first full orbit around the sun since it was discovered in 1846?  That's one looooong revolution!
 HAHA, that's true!  And what's even crazier is as big as our son is, it's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy.  I can't even imagine something on that big of a scale!
 He is ok. I didn;t realize he was an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi: The Next Generation in the early 2000s.
 I did not know that either. Interesting! Maybe his music career/acting career was in the way of his schooling because I did recently read that he graduated high school on october 2012 at the age of 25. Thats a little late.
 I didn't realize that! "Hotline Bling" received Grammy Awards for Best Rap/Sung Performance and Best Rap Song.
 Same here. I grew up listening to Tupac & Biggie. Tupac's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance". Pretty cool!
 Yes, he was one of my favorites as well. Check this out. In 2001 a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper Eminem! I bet that was a sight to see!
 Haha. She was a good sport. After hearing eminem's verse on drake's song forever, kanye west took two days and cancelled appointments to rewrite his.
 I never have either! For this year's Grammys, half of the recordings nominated for the album of the year qualify as rap.
 I'm not sure. No rap album has won since OutKast won in 2004.
 That is awesome to know because we could use some more women in the industry! At least I think so, anyway.
 Thats an amazing speed for being on land. It is a long way from travel 100 years ago with horse-drawn carriages.
 Yes I agree, as long as you don't live on Mackinac Island, they still only get by on horse and Buggies
 That a bit different from iceland where most icelanders just use flights to travel from town to town.
 Yes that's definitely different, also it's interesting to know that the first king to travel around the world was not from England, but rather it was the king of Hawaii
 King of Hawaii would not have been my top guess. Like the US almost placing a UN flag on the moon instead of the American one.
 Yea that is a big difference. Like you mentioned it is a much smaller place.
 ok I see, I think its cool that Istanbul has vending machines to help stay dogs.
 yes that's a great idea, its helps the dogs and also the city, btw did you know that dogs are not actually colorblind?
 Yeah I never knew that Drake's real name was Aubrey Drake Graham, at least Drake is in his actual name
 No I never saw that show. Is it any good? Apparently he finally graduated high school when he was 25
 Yes it is a great series you should check it out on Netflix some time. Wow I didn't realize he didn't finish school at 18.  My favorite album by him is Thank Me Later. What's yours?
 Ok I'll check it out. What do you think about the fact that hotline bling was sampled from a 1972 song
 Yeah absolutely, and I always wondered if Drake visited Drake University LOL and he actually did! He did in the middle of the night
 Well let me ask you this what other rappers do you like? I listened to a lot of Eminem back when I was in high school
 Yeah I'm not 100% sure on that, I do also know that Eminem was in a court case and the judge read her verdicts to him as a rap LOL
 Yeah he has a great beat going. Have you ever thought about suggesting that he do a"compliment battle"that was our apparently All the Rage in Korea
 No I haven't but that is a great idea! I hope that one day his music will go into the library of congress like Tupac Shakur's did.
 I could see that happening. What do you think about the 1998 Rugrats movie, I bet no one knows that Busta Rhymes did the voice for Reptar in that LOL
 absolutely!  Music adds so much to movies!  
 Just seeing if you agree with Julia Heaberlin's take on it. Do you like to travel. Apparently the Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph!
 Oh wow. Yes I love to travel as well I want to see as much of the world as possible. It is difficult to travel with a pet though especially a dog. Would need to find a dog sitter. Apparently in Istanbul they have a vending machine for stray dogs!
 Yeah they can you're right. Do you like space? Mar's largest moon is phobos, and one third of it is hollow! That is surprising.
 I see people selling tape players for 100 and record players for several hundred dollars!
 It's interesting that the word rap has been part of British English since the 16th century.
 That is funny. Rap is sometimes used in very surprising instances. A judge delivered a ruling in rap for a suit filed against Eminem.
 Who is that, Drake? I did not know that Aubrey was his first name!
 He is full of surprises. During one UK tour in 2011, he spent an "obscene amount of money" to buy children's classic books, first editions.
 His debut album was even number one on the US Billboards and went platinum. He has had a lot of success from early on in his rap career, it seems.
 I am also a fan of Linkin Park. Their album "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century
 Straight outta compton by NWA was the first album to get to platinum status without airplay or a major tour.
 If you enjoy rap, did you know Tupac is in the library of congress for cultural significance?
 I hope they do not freestyle court rulings! Some judge in Michigan did that. Not very professional.
 I don't know.     If a rapper like Busta Rhymes can appear in Rugrats, anything goes!
 That's true! Hasn't he been in a lot too?
 Did you know that NWA was the first act to have a platinum album without airplay or a major tour!
 Wow, I have travel several places, but never heard of the Dutch bus. Is this International bus?
 I have been to Japan but never realized how expensive the tolls are!
 What is the tolls and did you find out so expensive?
 I catch most of my news there too.  It is crazy that myspace turned them down in 2005.
 Oh, haha-no. That's funny. Did you know FB has 56 gender custom options, and with the traditional male or female that makes a total of 58.
 That's what I was thinking!! There are more people on FB than there were in the world 200 years ago.
 I bet. I like that it is an American company.
 Oh, I did not know that. Was that at the very start?
 Hmmm....not really.  I know I'm not a fan of Paris Hilton.
 Not too shabby!  Jenna Marble on youtube makes $346,827 annually from her channel.  Crazy!
 Yes.  I can't believe it's been over 15 years now since Facebook was founded in 2004.
 I dont know why but they had a promo for a free whooper if you unfriend 10 people!
 Given its popularity, I sure its been translated into multiple languages.  What I did not know is that the Harry Potter books I just read were translated to American English from British English!
 I did not know that!  Was it picked up by a publisher or is just out there, floating on the internet?  Somehow, I can't see Rowling being pleased about that!
 I personally do not - too concerned about privacy and fake news.  But occasionally I see where it might have value.  Like with Iceland using FB to rewrite its constitution and allow the public to make suggestions and alterations.
 I'm a gun owner and like to shoot.  I don't hunt.  I would not be turned on by a girl holding one.  I think the NRA isn't thinking about how scary that may be.  Especially those that went though a bad divorce. 
 I guess she got in tight with the NRA leadership.  That's even odder to me.  The NRA are supposed to be so patriotic and all and then here they are falling all over her.  
 Dunno.  She's on Facebook. I didn't realize that Zuckerburg was color blind.  He probably has the bucks to be fitted with robot eyes. 
 That's weird.  Also weird is that Burger King offered a free Whopper for unfriending 10 people on Facebook.  That's pretty anti-social. 
 I don't think so... We should all just chill.  Maybe Iceland is the place for that.  They are rewriting their constitution on Facebook to get feedback. 
 Yes, I love it! Can't believe I've been using it since 2-4-04!
 That's a lot of value. I bet Myspace wishes they would not have turned down the offer to buy FB for $75 million in early 2005.
 Haha, basically! Or maybe some wine. Speaking of albums, did you know that Aerosmith made more money from Guitar Hero then they did on any album? Isn't that crazy?
 I don't think so? Cover bands still play all their songs all the time. Speaking of the moon and the darkside, I can totally believe that some NASA interns stole moon rocks and then tried to sell them! Personally I'd just keep them
 As sad as it is, you're probably right. Kevlar? That's wild! I'd like to think no one is so brazen to think they own the moon. Although it's probably considered international property or something stupid like that. 
 Yeah their first album reached platinum without a major record label.
 Yeah they were awesome. Almost as awesome as releasing a rap album at 100 years old like those twins in Japan.
 That is epic. I am going to try. Speaking of the moon and darkside of it...1938 meters is the highest point on the moon!
 I don't think any because that is even higher than mt. everest!
 Yeah good point. Moon dust is also dangerous and can cause a disease in humans!
 Wow. I had no idea. I guess that is the completely rational thought process of a terrorist organization. 
 He can recall plays from years back. I do not think many basketball players have that level of recall.
 I love rock music. My favorite band is Linkin Park. The state rock song of Oklahoma is Do You Realize by Flaming Lips.
 OMG. Yes. Linkin Park makes Bon Jovi look like they are ready for a nursing home!
 LOL! Rock band Whitesnake has over 50 members throughout its history.
 LOL. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001?
 That is no rest at all. Obviously they must be sleeping on a bus, plane, etc?
 Not sure lol. In 2002, Creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.
 OHHH! I should have known! Can you believe that identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old? I wonder if anyone listened to it?
 ya he does great shows, I wonder how much he plays, definitely not as many as linkin park, they played almost every day in 2001
 Oh yeah, I've seen a couple in person, the most recent one I saw was Jessie J and the venue was in a warehouse unlike in Croatia, where there is an ancient roman amphitheater that is still used for concerts
 ah that is cool, do you like the ramones? they tour a lot as well theyve done over 2000 concerts over 20 years
 Yes I do, I haven't seen them in concert though, if they've been playing for that long, they probably didn't have the issue like the Creed concert where concert attendees sued the band for putting on a bad show.
 ya they're ok I've never seen them live though, I do like pink floyd though, Its crazy that dark side of the moon is still a best selling album!
 Yeah, me neither, Pink Floyd also recorded a concert at the ancient amphitheater with no audience! How awkward would it be to do that! I imagine it's not because there were no fans but probably recorded something to be played later.
 Yeah, I don't know either. I prefer to stream music now, can't believe how far technology has advanced, we went from vinyl LPs to tapes to CDs to mp3 and now we stream!
 I know! now its all digital! you could even digitally get the album those japanese twins made! It was a rap album they made when they turned 100 years old!
 To think people can still rap at 100 years old is an amazing feat and then to have studios releasing albums with 100 year old rappers, that's a risky investment!
 I like rock music, especially Bon Jovi. It's hard to believe his career has lasted so long. I didn't know he was almost 60!
 Yeah he is, he's sold over 100 million albums and can still fill arenas. 
 Yeah he does, he's played for Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton in the past, but he doesn't make political comments, which speaks highly. 
 I agree, they say that Whitesnake has had over 50 members throughout it's history. There's been so many that the list has it's own Wikipedia page.
 That's pretty neat, I've never heard of that. Did you know that Sonic the Hedgehog was originally supposed to be a member of a rock band?
 That's a long time. I heard Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 following up the success of their debut album. 
 I didn't know that, it was a great album. Creed once had a concert that was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.
 Yeah it is. Almost as shocking as two identical twins from Japan releasing a rap album when they turned 100.
 That's such a great and timeless album.
 Yes, although the alternative variety.  Can you believe Bon Jovi is 56 years old?
 That's crazy! Although it makes sense, he's had a very long career when you think about it. It's probably been like 35 years since his first LP, "Bon Jovi".
 He still looks good for his age.  Reportedly, he can still move around like he used to.  I never was really a fan of the big hair era in rock.  
 It's wild that he once threatened to go country! I can't really picture that.
 I can't imagine it either! But I think he could have done it, he's supremely talented. I think when he performed "Who Says You Can't Go Home" it went Number 1 on the country charts.
 Yeah, I'm having to rethink him.  I guess he's a NJ boy so it kind of makes sense. Wow, OK has a state rock song.  It's "Do You Realize" by the Flaming Lips?!
 Wow, the Ramones did a total of 2,263 concerts. 
 I can't imagine doing that many wow. Then again a lot of bands do that. I know Linkin Park did 324 concerts just in one year.
 Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century (so far).
 I guess if two 100-year old twins from Japan can do a rap album, why not?
 Yeah, touring was required.  Except maybe for Creed who was so bad they got sued by 4 attendees.
 Wow I can't imagine having motivation to keep touring after something like that huh. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good day!
 Really 58? I wonder what the other 56 options are, I can think of 4 but that sure is surprising to me!
 Yeah I think thats a great method to prevent that lol, it seems weird but the taller candidate has an advantage in elections
 I cannot believe Iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution. What are they thinking?
 Wow that is crazy, there are more FB users that there were people 200 years ago.
 Wow, I bet. I'm not looking forward to the day when my kids have cell phones. 
 Is that better than Austin Tx naming their garbage dump after Fred Durst?
 I had no idea! Makes sense why they are always in uniform, I guess.
 Apparently baseball managers are technically allowed to play for their teams!
 The Japanese are generally some of the best in the world. 
 I know that Ichiro was very successful. And Matsuzaka
 Do you watch baseball?
 Interesting. i have not heard of them. That's funny! I always found it funny as well how baseball managers wear uniforms. They do this because they are technically able to play for their team if the need comes up.
 Maybe didnt want to leave for his family?
 He said he didn't want to have to get to know everybody again. Sounds like something I would say haha.
 That's cool!  I read somewhere that Michael Jackson planned to build a 50 foot tall moon walking robot to roam the desert sands of Las Vegas.
 Do you know robots can be controlled by using a rat brain?
 I didn't know it either, I just found it interesting.  I had heard about the military using robots to remove bobs.  But, did you know the military uses an XBOX 360 controller to control one of their EOD robots?
 Yeah, I bet Blockbuster wishes they hadn't declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million, because it's now worth $2 Billion.
 Ok, that's totally random.  But, I agree with you and it's a darn nice place to live, too.
 Hello! Are you into music at all?
 I didn't know that but that is cool. Henry Ford helped popularize country music too. I wonder if it helped with that too.
 Before being a rapper, Eminem even wanted to be a comic book artist!
 I agree. I still can't believe there are only 2 African Americans in the country hall of fame!
 I don't either. Michael Jackson does. He even had a patent on one of his dance moves!
 That can't be true, can it? Well nice chatting with you!
 Wow!  I had no idea ballet dancing was so hard on the feet!
 Funny you should ask, I was watching Cosmos on Netflix and learned that Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago! I wonder what people looked like back then?
 Yeah, I'm already feeling out of time in 24 hour day periods, I can't imagine living on on 5 hours a day, I need my sleep!
 Some people believe that it has something to do with extraterrestrials! The UN even appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they ever made contact with Earth.
 That's true, but as much as people love the services Netflix provide, Netflix is in huge debt in order to develop new content, they're at least two billion in debt!
 On another topic, what do you like better?  Rap music or country?  I like country music better because I'm from the south.
 Tupac also did ballet in high school, would have never known that.
 He did. There are three contents to rap music- content, flow and delivery. Never knew it was that complicated. 
 What a full house! Some people have odd choices for pets like crabs and tarantulas.
 Another odd pet choice is the tiger like Mike Tyson had. As odd as it is, it's not that rare. More people in the US have them as pets than there are wild in Asia. 
 I agree! Pets run rampant in Japan where they outnumber kids under the age of 15.
 Hawaii has some odd rules. Maybe it is because of the amount of sleep that animals require. Cats spend 10 of 15 years sleeping.
 There always seem to be some animal or other becoming mayor of some small town or other, I suppose people fear they can do less harm.
 Some people try forever to make it in the movies and then a stray walks into a high profile role!  I bet it wasn't a stray after the movie, probably even had an agent.
 That does seem like a lot. I guess the 14 million dollar initiative isn't as big a deal as I thought. 
 Switching gears a little, I was just reading that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  I wonder how he worked around that system to be in Kick-Ass 2, not really positive there.
 Their "Treasure Planet" was one of the biggest flops in history. 
 Ha, can you imagine waiting to be called into your bosses' office after that? I would rather be resposible for silence of the lambs, that made like 270 million when it came out.
 Oh I didn't know that. I kind of like Sandra Bullock, we just watched Birdbox last night. I bet she would have been good for silence of the lambs.
 Now I know why I never see him in shows anymore haha. Do you know how Michael Caine got into acting?
 Oh cool! Can you believe how much Tom Hanks has brought in for box office earnings?
 HA! Seems like the gov should have better things to do but....MSU has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world. Wow.
 No way. It would have been interesting watching Spiderman do MJ's dance (moonwalk).
 the universe might be one giant superhologram!
 Interesting. In Japan there are more pets than their are children under 15!
 That is a surprising fact! do you remember Roosevelt? well he had more than 20 pets how crazy is that. 
 They are? I guess they are also popular in the states, there are more tigers living as pets in the US than in the wild in Asia I guess tigers are popular pets, also cats. 
 Yes I have an iphone which has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear deterrent!
 Yes it was the fastest number to dial with those! And the cables carrying data across the world simply lay on the ocean floor.
 WOW, I can believe that, his films are pretty good. I like Forest Gump. 
 I think my favorite was Wilson. Did you ever see Disney's Treasure Planet? It was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time!
 Oh, jeez, yes! The BALL was Wilson.
 So I take it you're a Red Sox fan?  That's funny because I've lived my whole life in St. Louis and am a big Cardinals fan.  Unfortunately, the Red Sox keep beating us in the World Series seemingly anytime we get there!
 I actually ordered something on a late Friday night and was suprised by an early Sunday delivery
 ya I just don't know why it would need to run for 10000 years myself
 ya that is whats nice about it, do you wish you were the first person to order on amazon? I guess the guy got a building named after him
 That's a great idea actually.  Read that it is mandatory at cornell for graduation.
 haha yup, I guess there is a super powerful swimsuit too, it had to be banned becasue it was too good
 Do you use Amazon? The first Amazon customer spent $28 and got a building named after him.
 Very true! Did you know that Amazon warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their shift?
 No I didn't know that that's a lot of exercise! Have you ever seen the arrow logo on the Amazon logo? Apparently it goes from the letters a to z because they carry everything from a to z
 I actually looked that up because I had wondered myself what it represented. Speaking of reading on the Amazon tablet, there's a record for speed reading held by Anne Jones. She can read 4700 words/minute!
 Yes I enjoy reading very much. I can't really speed read either, unless it's a short article. I'm not really into sci-fi but I heard that Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3/5 military branches.
 Yeah that's very shocking. Especially because I saw the movie and is not pro-military, have you ever heard of the blind reading language called Braille by the way
 It is interesting, and it was actually invented by a fifteen-year-old, his name was Louis Braille
 Yeah I heard that they would do that that's pretty funny! Do you like Game of Thrones by the way? Apparently he got started by writing monster stories that he would sell to neighborhood children for pennies
 Yeah it's really good you should check it out. What's interesting to me as well is that President Andrew Johnson never even learned how to read, his wife had to teach him
 I definitely will one day. That is very interesting. Do you like to swim or follow competitive swimming? The US has almost as many gold medals in swimming as the world combined.
 Wow that's impressive! And no I don't really follow swimming although I am surrounded by the Great Lakes because I live in Michigan LOL
 That's a really good idea actually! I think everyone should know how to swim. There is a swimsuit that is so good that it was banned from the Olympics, that sounds amazing
 Agreed. And that must be some fancy swimsuit!
 Yep I want to try it on! Maybe it will help me to get better at swimming haha, it's funny how Tim Duncan was originally a swimmer but then later became a basketball player
 Oh my god that's hilarious! I mean, you're the idiot who bought tickets to Creed, right? How are you gonna sue? I saw some pretty bad heavy metal concerts in the 80s, but I never sued anybody over them!!
 That's so crazy! They must be exhausted at all year. What about Lou Reed? Him and his wife put together concerts for dogs, only the dogs can hear it though because it's a high frequency concert
 Wow, that's sweet but definitely strange! People go crazy with tours, like the Ramones played over 2,000 concerts in total! They basically went non stop for 20 years.
 I think he's great! And definitely has an interesting background, he actually went to the same high school as The Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes and DMX, and they even rap battled sometimes.
 That's incredible! They need to put some kind of scientific studies on that high school to determine if it is responsible for excellent rappers LOL. Also Jay-Z has a pet for his own color? Did you hear about that
 Interesting. He's also interesting because he never write songs on paper, he just memorize has the lyrics as they come to him
 Yes I agree. A lot of albums need to be listened to as a whole instead of in pieces aka songs. he's definitely getting up there in age though. I didn't know that he was born in 1969, it's kind of a long time ago
 Yep I agree. I think Dark Side of the Moon, and Pink Floyd in general, are some of the best musicians ever in history. Also crazy though. Is the Foo Fighters concert that they put on. Apparently their loudness was picked up on a seismic monitor all the way in New Zealand which is insane
 Yeah I would like to go to that one actually. I hope they recorded that on video because that would be something to see. Also, make sure you never buy a record at Walmart, they only sell clean versions of albums and I like the full, uncensored ones myself
 It's crazy they started selling books and now they sell everything to Mp3 dowloads to  jewelry
 Ugh...I have a hard time keeping up with all the players. Until recently I didn't even know why managers wear a team uni. 
 I would lose my mind! I heard A man did just that. Found $3 M worth of 1900's cards in his grandpa's attic that had been hidden since the 1940's. Score!
 I had no idea. That's really young. I am not sure my 5 year old knows what a piano is let alone how to play it.
 Enough of a failure that Disney almost closed their animation studio. Even "Treasure Island" was an expensive box office flop to them. The movies that succeed more than make up for the failures though
 Well, true...but Sleeping Beauty is a favorite now and has been for a very long time. I am sure Disney doesn't have any money problems. I heard that Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star earning 8.5 billion worldwide!
 He has been in many successful films. They use both number of tickets sold and the ticket sales to measure the box office business. Because the budget of Trojan Wars was so large in comparison to sales, it has earned only $309
 Very true, but if they ever come up with a see a new movie now platform people will use it I am sure! I am sure Blockbuster is sad now! Losing out on a business worth 2 billion dollars....wow!
 Yes they added their own content then. That surprises me also. They have so much original content now. 
 Yes, and I find it interesting that the founder of Netflix started the company over a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13. Now he has a company worth billions.
 It was a great idea. We talked about how much YouTube and Netflix were used earlier. From 9PM to 12AM Netflix uses 33% of all of the bandwidth in North America!
 I did not but I'm not surprised. On the bad side of the box office, there is a movie called Trojan Wars that cost $15,000,000 to make and it only earned $309. That's the biggest bomb I've ever heard of. 
 That is a bomb. And I find it strange that Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentines Day 91. Not a romantic movie by any means.
 Yes, they did. Disney wanted to shut down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty was a box office bomb. I thought it was a good movie.
 I can't believe that Sleeping Beauty was a bomb. It's certainly made up for it by now. 
 Yes, it has. I grew up on just local channels and when we got hbo it was a big  deal. What is crazy is that comedy central cancelled 100 shows since 97. Did not know they had that many shows.
 I agree with you there. What I find funny with movies is they were going to star Jack Black in the Green Lantern. I do not think that would have been a good fit.
 Me either but that movie was such a critical bomb that I'm not sure it would have hurt it. Did you know that the Python Programming language is named after Monty Python? I never put that together. 
 I am watching The 100, its pretty cool, to think Blockbuster had the chance to buy Netflix for about 50 million
 Me too! They got a 93 on rotten tomatoes.
 Is it on there? I would totally watch it if it is on there. They opened with $35M! That's pretty good.
 They also employ taggers who watch the content and tag it.
 Agreed there is. That makes it so interesting as well! Also, the World Chess Federation president believes chess was actually invented by aliens. That's crazy, isn't it?
 Now that takes serious skill! But a study from over 10 years ago shows a negative correlation between chess skill and IQ in strong players, believe it or not!
 I have and it's an awesome song! Did you know it was one of the best selling albums despite being released over 40 years ago? That's wild, isn't it!
 I wonder if that's true? I do know it was derived from the Indian game Chaturanga and reached Europe by the 9th century. It's hard to believe it's been around that long, isn't it?
 From what I heard, the inspiration was more about passion and politics than it was about the actual game of chess.
 The political climate of the cold war was a very popular theme in entertainment at the time.I wonder if the release of the latest version of the musical has anything to to with the US and Russian tensions of today?
 I agree the chess game analogy has been used many times to describe politics.I was amazed to find out that there are more possible chess moves than atoms in the universe.Seems unreal.
 I agree with you again that would make for a great analogy. The game is very complicated. The President of the world chess federation thinks the game may have been invented by aliens. Not sure where he got that idea though.
 That is interesting.I heard about a five year old that beat a family friend without even looking at the board.
 They're adjusted to the times, it seems. I don't know much about chess, but the knight can visit each square exactly once. That is, if he survives long enough
 That is an interesting fact that I had never heard.I am curious as to what the pieces were named also.
 Haha I hope not! I never knew that Bruce Lee was a great dancer. He won a Championship back in the 50s
 Haha they should make a movie about that. If only he weren't taken from us so soon. Did you know that ballet dancers can go through about four pairs of shoes a week
 They do. I actually dated one and her toes were always super messed up. 
 Wow I didn't know that. why don't they teach that in school. That would be actually useful to know haha. Also crazy is that a lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the Sun
 Haha that's insane. He had a patent on that extreme lean movie that he made, there was like a device he created
 oh haha I meant lean move, did you know that babies will actually dance to music and dance to the beat of it
 Very much.  Something most people don't know is that the sun is white, and is perceived as yellow because of the atmosphere
 If we could harness all the sun's energy, we would have enough in one second to meet the needs of the earth for 500,000 years.
 Did you know the creepy metallic noises are made from a waterphone? I had no clue?
 That is amazing.  I wonder if they are still alive since they were 100 in 1992.
 I don't know, would be great if they released another album!  
 I'm not sure.  Taylor Swift once accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and topped Canadian itunes charts
 In Croatia there is an ancient roman amphitheatre in use as a concert venu
 That was odd.  Why would not they invite people and let them watch the show for free?
 They are cool and timeless!  Just saw Taylor Swift ad on Netflix.  Taylor removed her music from spotify because "music should not be free"
 Musicians often work extra hours and odd hours and have worked for years to get so good.  Did you know that Swift walks backwards to avoid having her photo taken.  
 Maybe or maybe no photos are free.
 I had no idea that Taylor Swift and Katy Perry had beef, but I'm glad they're ending it.
 It might have been. It's no coincidence that everything was brought to light the same night Katy Perry's album dropped and when Taylor Swift released all her music for streaming. Headlines always seem to sell.
 Yeah and she posted the note that Perry had written, and made it seem like Perry was the one who started everything.
 Yeah it was very funny. Kanye actually did an SNL skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows 2 years before that incident. 
 That's awesome. You know you're successful when you have your own jet and hangar at a major airport. She's so successful that she released 8 seconds of white noise on accident and it topped the Canadian iTunes charts!
 Yeah she said music shouldn't be free. I heard she walked backwards to avoid having her photo taken.
 I like a lot of artist. That has to be an epic album, I want to find it. I really like Pink Floyd, Dark Side of The Moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014, 40 years after it's release!
 That was a good album and it brings back so many memories of my young adult years. It is one of the best-selling albums of the 21st Century. R.I.P. to Chester!
 Yeah it was really good. N.W.A.'s Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour. 
 Yeah it brought a total different light to the industry. 
 I have seen some of them.  I read somewhere that Stephen King was terrified as a child when he saw the movie Bambi.  
 I have seen some of them and yes they are quite scary at times.  I read soemthing funny that watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories
 Well that is probably a good thing.  I always wonder about the kids that are in horror movies.  I also read that If you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art, you will enjoy the art more.  I wonder why?
 Isnt it what makes the creepy type noises in sci-fi or horror movies
 This is totally off subject but I just saw something interesting.  There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.  
 Exactly me either.  Did you know that humans can regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within 2 to 3 months of having one surgically removed
 I thought I just heard recently that you could regrow rib which shocked me. I'm now shocked that you can do it so quickly!
 It does sound rather quick.  I read somewhere also that almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin C but humans can't b/c the gene for this enzyme is defective
 I guess we may not know.  I saw that humans are the best distance runners among all running animals
 That's interesting. I would have guessed some species of cat. 
 You would think that would be true but we have adapted for persistance hunting 
 LOL, some still have it!  I was reading that humans use tools to a much higher degree than any other animal 
 That is crazy that you can burn 180 calories during 1 horror movie. I guess I will cancel my gym membership!
 I have not. I heard that Danny did not know he was acting in a horror film until years later! 
 Hopefully! It is interesting that Earth will be helium free by the end of the century.
 The united nations appointed one 9 years ago incase aliens ever made contact with us!
 True that and you never know! It's fascinating how small an amount of time humans have been around compared to Earth's entire history.
 Exactly! Did you know there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans?
 Yeah, same here!  Creed gave a concert so bad there were lawsuits against the band.
 I don't know much about that band. The sound  in the ancient roman amphitheater must be good for Pink Floyd to record in it without an audience.
 In 2010 he and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs. What an odd thing to do. 
 They are pretty amazing. They performed a concert so loud that it showed up on New Zealand's seismic monitors!
 Yes, I can remember some of their music. I didn't know MJ had a patent on a device to achieve the lean for his dance moves.
 Before you go, I just want to share that there was an episode of Mr. Rogers where he learned how to breakdance. That's so out of character. 
 Yes, so out of character. Can't imagine that! lol
 Yeah, and most places you travel you can still access your account since it's available in countries except for China, Syria, North Korea and Crimea.
 I haven't watched that actually. I did hear that it was the first series debuted by Netflix.
 Yeah, I wonder. Blockbuster laughed them out of the office when Netflix proposed that Blockbuster use them as its online service.
 Oh, does it? I heard they spend a lot on programming. In some European markets, they monitor illegal downloads to determine what to buy.
 Oh, wow. Didn't know that. I wonder how many employees they have. You can get a job as a tagger, who are paid to watch Netflix and tag the content.
 Yeah, they are so easy to use and really reliable. I'm glad they come unlocked now. George Holtz was the first person to unlock a first generation iphone and sold it for a Nissan 350z and 3 locked iPhones. He was only 17.
 Hmm, interesting. So to make an iPhone 8 Plus it costs $288.08. That is higher than I thought.
 I am surprised to learn that, actually. The latest models have gotten bigger and are often too wide for the woman to comfortably hold as opposed to the average man
 Garth has to be up to a lot of concerts by now and I wonder if he has already exceed the Ramones and their 2,263 concerts that they achieved by touring practically non-stop for 20+ years.
 LOL! I wonder how that played out?  I imagine Linkin Park wasn't getting sued after their debut album and they played 320+ concerts in one year alone!
 Are you into baseball?  With all of our technology, we still have issues with rain delays.  
 Hey! I used to watch baseball a lot when I was child. How about you? Are you baseball fan? Do you know that baseball is so popular in Japan?
 It's really just that they got a lot of rain.  I don't know the future but their 1st baseman, Reynolds, plays a card game during the delays.
 I used to.  Netflix is getting too big and I'd like to spread my money around.  From 9am to 12am, Netflix uses 33% of all N. America's bandwidth. 
 Well, I'm the same. Friend of mine noticed that Netflix doesn't add a lot of new movies. Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic. It's really a lot. I guess people mostly watch video in the Internet and play games.  
 Yeah, I stream a lot of documentaries.  It's wild that Blockbuster declined offers to buy Netflix for $50M. 
 You never know the future... I'm sure Blockbuster regret about such decision. Netflix goes internationally. They entered a lot of new markets recently and I've read they deliver content in 190 countries. 
 I'm waiting for new game changer. However, with all benefits of iPhone, it would be difficult to replace. I didn't know Steve Jobs used a few phones in his first presentation. Was it well known fact?
 Not to me. Sorry, baseball again... Did you know managers wear uniforms since they are technically able to play in the game?
 No, most are older (like me) or fat (not like me)... I can't see them playing. Isn't it wild that baseball is so popular in Japan?  The are surprised that the US calls it their national pastime. 
 I'm wondering why US and Japanese teams don't play. It could be sort of World cup in baseball with huge commercial interest. 
 Yeah I love going to concerts. I can't believe how many concerts Linkin Park played in 2001.
 Haha yeah Creed sounds pretty bad. Didn't know you could sue over a concert.
 Whoa so cool. Would love to see him in the nutcracker lol.
 Oh nice. Bruce Lee was also a great dancer apparently.
 Yes I own pants but trousers is a funny British term I am not used to!
 Haha oh that is funny I can see the resemblance. A town called Collinsville outlaws baggy pants!
 That is crazy!  Did you know that combined with YouTube, they make up half of peak traffic in North America?
 I know right!  The founded of Netflix was inspired after racking up $40 in late fees on Apollo 13 on VHS.
 Yes they do. Apparently women are more likely to own one than men.
 No I didn't know that! I also didn't know that in Canada, kick ball is called soccer-baseball LOL that name seems really silly
 Yes I don't like really small dogs. I never knew that there are 12 different blood types for dogs though, did you know that
 It must be something with the brain, I was just glad to learn that dogs are not actually colorblind though, their ability to see colors is just lower than humans, that is all
 Seems like golf courses use a lot of water.  The average one uses 312,000 gallons per day.  That sounds expensive.  Too bad not enough rain!
 Sounds like Babe Ruth was a famous golfer.  That's right once a famous golfer in America.
 Hello how are you? Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises
 Baseball is also a popular pastime in Japan, so much that many Japanese fans do not know it is one of America's national pastimes
 Yeah. Up until 2005, a married couple, for 24 years, scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year
 You might want to check your grandparents' attic. One man found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfather's attic!
 I like miniature golf! The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
 Apparently Americans like golf. Golf courses in America is bigger than Rhode Island and Deleware combined
 I know crazy right! There is a golf course in dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water a day!
 Did you know that Babe Ruth wasn't only famous for baseball? He was also once the most famous golfer in America
 I guess playing golf is really important to some people-perhaps it helps him to relieve stress.
 Thats so cool he can ask to play golf twice a week! Did you know There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives
 I know right!  But dogs are so awesome,  Im sure they would want to help. Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.
 that seems productive in so many ways. I'm not really an animal person myself but apparently Google is a dog company. They even state this in their code of conduct.
 I know right,  thats interesting. Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing
 Yeah probably,  good talking to you. 
 Really? I didn't know that. I read that a man found 3 million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grand dads attic, how amazing!
 Really? I wish I could have a dog, but I am never home. That is cool! I also heard that dogs have 12 different blood types! And they can give blood at doggy blood drives lol.
 Whoa, that is a lot of water! And just imagine the total of water usage for Golf courses daily! 
 That is incredible! I really had no idea! At least we don't need 4,000,000 gallons of water daily for one golf course like the one in Dubai!
 Seriously? I didn't know that, he is very talented! If I was an actor I would be like Samuel L Jackson and have it in my contract to play some Golf while filming a movie haha
 The moment was very emotional!
 I wonder how much a McCovey card is worth? Some of the earlier cards are worth a fortune!
 Did you know that the world series has been going on since 1903?
 What a run! The Yankees seem to be the team with the record to beat, winning 27 out of their 40 matches so far.
 Although Babe Ruth was caught stealing to lose and end game 7 of the 1926 series
 That's an interesting fact. I've heard of doggy blood-drives, funnily enough. 
 I see, I wish I could sing like Jazz's great Ella Fitzgerald who even taught herself how to sing 2 notes at once at the age of 18!
 It's amazing the mechanics of things that goes to make sounds, Brian May of Queen built his own guitar out of parts from an old fireplace and his mother's knitting needle, I'd say ouch
 Yeah, I think that could get very expensive but small price to pay for the entertainment revenue it brings in. Like the Olsen twins purchased an entertainment company back in early 2000s and have turned it into a billion dollar company! No wonder I don't hear about them anymore.
 Wow, the Major League Baseball organization has been around since 1903.  That's a surprise to me!
 Yea same. I was also surprised to find out that major league baseball game could be contested. I thought that once you won, that win was set i stone.
 Me too!  Did you read that the Chicago Cubs have not won a World Series since they won back to back?
 I have no idea when that was, but it had to have been a long time ago.
 Yes it does.  There are some interesting Dog facts.  One of them is it is thought that the first ancestor of our domestics dogs is extinct.
 I was surprised that monkeys were not in that category!  It's interesting to know that dogs don't see all the colors that we can!
 I think that most companies are. Dogs can also donate blood to other dogs. I didn't know that sort of system was in place for sick dogs or dogs and need a transfusion.
 I am surprised by that, but it does make sense.  I was just learning that for 24 years, a married couple was in charge of scheduling 2430 major league baseball games.  
 Me too!  For some reason, I can't imagine it beings so popular there.  Sounds like the fans there are surprised when they fine out it's been an American pastime.
 It kind of makes sense.  Thank you for the chat about the interesting facts we learned.
 no I didn't, but I did know he did a jazz soundtrack for some of his movies, I do love his movies haha
 ya I've heard it its aweomse, pretty cool that Van Halen set a speaker on fire when he played it haha
 yup thats good, I didn't like the movie that came out, but their guitarist does have a PHD which I didnt know
 wow thats cool, also he's really talented, he would play the guitar with coins instead of pics
 Interesting. Did you know a Nintendo could only display 54 colors? 
 no thats crazy! I played as a kid, they did stop making them in 2003 though I think
 ya I wonder, but I do know he won a steve martin contest for lookalikes! 
 Yeah I think that is so interesting! But I read that there is a hotel with rooms overlooking their stadium in Canada. I forget which city. But I'd love to stay there. Baseball is also popular in Japan. Japanese people are often surprised to learn that Americans love baseball too.
 Yeah I always wondered why they wore baseball uniforms.
 Wow, that is interesting. A married couple scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year, for 24 years. I guess that they were dedicated no matter how popular it was.
 I guess so. And maybe you should check your attic. A man found three million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather's attic.
 I haven't been to one before. That is neat. Dogs have 12 different blood types!
 That is neat, multipurpose!
 You are right! Now they even aid the disabled and do therapeutic roles.
 Haha, you're right, maybe cats. Google is a "dog person". Their code of conduct says so.
 Hi there, I like dogs though I don't have one as a pet. They are really smart. They can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps can.
 Some dogs in Moscow know how to use the Subway.
 And when they solve problems they get this feeling of "Eureka!"
 Yeah, I know. I'd like baseball even more if there were some women players though. There was a 17 year old female pitcher who was banned from professional baseball when she struck Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig out one after the other.
 That's what I've read. Speaking of baseballs, 160,000 of them are used during one major league baseball season.
 Wow, that is a lot. I only catch a handful of them during one season.
 Yes he always puts Jazz end of the movies that he makes, and even scored some specifically for those movies like the movie Million Dollar Baby
 Yes Not only was he really smart, he had a PhD in astrophysics and also could play the guitar by using coins for guitar picks
 Yeah I love Pink Floyd. They're so good, so is Van Halen too, I can't believe that Eddie Van Halen actually set speakers on fire while he was doing a solo
 I always love playing it. I just never noticed it only could put up 54 colors LOL but that never bothered me
 Yep, that system is very well-loved, they only stopped making it in 2003 which means that lasted for almost 18 years or so
 Sure, I do quite often. Did you ever see the music video for "Baby" by Justin Bieber? It's the most disliked video on YouTube.
 Yeah, it is very catchy. So is Gangnam Style, which got so many views on YouTube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 Cool. Netflix and Youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 Interesting. I guess we rely on the internet a lot this day. But fear not, when you climb mt. everest, you will still have 3g cell service!
 And if the internet ever goes down, the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet for us.
 A copy of the internet, holy cow! 
 Taylor Swift once removed her music from Spotify because she said "music should not be free."
 Yeah, and it seems he had practiced before he did that. He did an SNL skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows. This was two years before the incident with Taylor Swift.
 Awesome! The jet cost around 40 million bucks!
 ...but wait - does that mean it's like a private channel ? Regular people like You and me can't access it ?
 There is even 3G cell service at the top of Mt. Everest!
 Do you like Jaz-Z?
 Another fact, Tupac's music is in the Library of Congress for being "culturally significant."  
 I guess rap is international.  Some Korean rappers developed a new type of freestyle called "compliment battle". 
 I wonder where you would find that.  Internet I suppose... Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before he was a rapper...
 Ender's Game was also suggested reading for the Marine Corps. 
 No but it should be, now speaking of him, he was a strong cool rapper, his voice used to set out from any other rapper. 
 I should be ashamed to say this, but I haven't read a book in quite a while, all my reading from my computer, very little newspaper. 
 Probably not that fast! I don't think people can talk that fast.  Although rappers seem to talk really fast sometimes.
 Are you familiar with Jordan Peterson who wrote "12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos?"  He's into self-improvement
 Lots of men are purchasing his books and looking at him on Youtube as a father figure.
 The truths he tells can be depressing though as he tells the truth about how people exist in the world.  But, he does seem to offer some hope.
 Do you watch much Youtube?  It's the second largest way to search on the internet.  
 Justin Bieber may both love and hate Youtube because although he is widespread on youtube, his "baby" video is the most disliked video on youtube.
 Well, only .53% of people going on Reddit actually vote.  That might skew what is thought as real or fake news.  It's so hard to tell, but must be some bias.
 Wow... i did not know that, but can definitely believe it!  What money making apps are your favorite?
 They must be doing something rith.  in 2018 they had 234 million unique users.
 I think so.  lol  I know people I work with use it.  I'm surprised that some of the investers are famous people like Snoop Dogg and Jared Leto.
 Hmmmm... did not know that!  I like Jared Leto!
 Somehow you vote on content.  Data shows though that only 0.53% of the people who visit Reddit actually participate in voting.  Seems kind of a low percentage to me.
 Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net. I did not know that.
 Yeah! I actually never knew that. I think poetry is an overlooked art. 
 That is interesting, I am a fan of the arts and have random facts and knowledge i've learned along the way. I really enjoy watching celebrity news. I found out that Pixar has a special room that is visited often by celebrities. If those walls could only talk.
 Nice! I totally agree, not sure if I would want to hear what they have to say tho O.o?! Poetry has come far -- it's cool we can appreciate the past, present, and excitement for the future.
 Yes, what does that have to do with Pixar? lmao
 Oh yes, It was cool to lean from ya. Take care! 
 Thank you for the fun times!
 I bet that was a sight to see, wasn't it? Almost as fascinating as finding $3 million worth in 1900s baseball cards in your grandfather's attic like that one guy did. It must be nice!
 I should start, or at least check some attics. Ha! On a similar baseball note, can you believe the Japanese baseball fans were surprised to learn baseball is America's national pastime? The fact that it surprised them surprises me. Ha!
 I know, right? You'd think they would have known that! But then again, I didn't know until recently that a married couple scheduled all the 2430 games played for 24 years until 2005. That must have been a cool job!
 Indeed it would! Can you imagine scheduling teams like the Cubs? That would be so cool. Speaking of the Cubs, it's shocking they haven't won a World Series since becoming the first baseball team to win back to back World Series'! 
 Wow! That is hard to believe especially considering how legendary it is. And Poe is a celeb! A real celeb and not one that was in the Guinness Record Book for most overrated like Paris Hilton in 2007.
 I had no idea! Now I want to learn their alphabet. I wonder if it was intended or a coincidence. It reminds me of singing the ABC's.
 He is a fairly well known stand-up. He had a show on comedy central for like two seasons. He wrote a 224 word that is a palindrome! That had to take a lot of time and talent. 
 Now that you mention it, I think I've actually read that palindrome! I just didn't recognize his name.
 Bruce Lee the actor? I knew he was an amazing martial artist, but I didn't know his talents extended to dance!
 Yes that Bruce Lee. He even won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 That's amazing. I wonder what it feels like to have that kind of physical aptitude! I can barely dance the macarena...
 I find it interesting that the Cubs initially won the World Series twice in a row and never again since. Almost like they jinxed themselves. 
 It's a non-renewable resource. The UN actually appointed a UN ambassador for extraterrestrials. Unreal. Maybe the know something about baseball?
 Technically it's a quarter day and an hour, so every four years when we try to catch up to the world's real time, we're still four hours off. I guess we tried, eh? It's interesting that the Earth's days were not even six hours long in the beginning.
 True, I was surprised when I found out that the Womens World cup ratings were higher than the world series ratings in the US
 I don't know how they did that. There is a big leaf in the middle. What did they think it was? 
 I know many people who enjoy watching, so much so that it got nine Emmy nominations in 2013
 I love Leonardo Decaprio, but it's sad because Eminem had more Oscars than him.
 That's awesome! Another actor who has notoriety is Daniel Day-Lewis, but that's because he not only has three Oscars, but all are in the same category
 That is crazy. 3 times in one year? Or three times as in three years?
 Not really. I've considered watching the show House. Hugh Laurie gets paid a whopping $700,000 per episode, so it's no wonder he does so well in that role
 I love Dr. House! He's so funny when he's serious. 
 Hugh Laurie does! He makes a ton for it too!
 Oh I know! He was making 700,000 dollars per episode in House. That will buy you a few things...
 I am sure some of those are really good! Like Daniel Day Lewis. He won 3 oscars for best actor!
 They were nominated from 9 emmys in 2013? Is that a handshake deal? You nominate us and we'll nominate you...
 That makes more sense than my hairbrained conspiracy theory! Disney has 22 oscars???
 Never heard of him, was he in the Black Panther movie? One of the movies I liked this year was Birdbox on netflix
 Not sure, but oscars represent a level of achievement I guess. Walt disney won 22 oscars!
 I did not know the count.  But one of those awards was for Snow White.  It was a special Oscar in 1938 with 1 regular size and 7 miniature Oscar statutes!
 I am not a computer geek.  Hahaha.  Btw, Did you know that the Space Shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram, which is too little in my opinion
 Exactly, the technology is growing so fast and I feel that I am losing touch of it
 Btw, did you hear the news that two identical twins at the age of 100 released a rap album?
 Thats pretty normal. I thought it would be like one of his kids names
 How could he think AIDS is a man's desease?
 I guess it doesn't really surprise me. He also thought slavery was a choice.
 Its ironic that it was 2 years before the taylor swift incident
 Im surprised he turned down the scholarship! Glad it worked out for him after kanye signed him
 I still have not watch this gangnam style
 Thats surprising. Its one of the most view videos of all time
 But I can agree that justin bieber baby is bad
 Well youtube and Netflix makes up half of the internet traffic.
 Thats probably why google purchased it for 1.65 billion
 Agreed. Fame has made him have a big platform. Very interesting to criticize slaves saying they chose not to flee slavery. A sensitive topic indeed. 
 Yeah that was terrible. Oddly enough he did an SNL skit on that a few years before!
 Whoa smart guy! Interesting he turned a scholarship down to Michigan State!
 Yea, Gangnam style force youtube to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits
 I see, surgeons reattached her leg backwards so she could use her ankle as a knee, that's crazy!
 Yes and that is termed a rotationplasty! Truly amazing!
 They truly do. They ensure that she dance again. Professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of shoes in a week!
 I bet people would pay good money for those drawings. Bruce Lee was a great dancer and he won a championship in 1958!
 I heard Tim Duncan was a great swimmer but quit due to a fear of sharks when he was forced to practice in the ocean
 He should just stick to the swimming pool. I wonder if he ever considered trying out for the US won team. The US team has almost as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of the world combined.
 That's pretty crazy, Michael Phelps has more gold medals than 80% of countries in history
 Oh yeah I remember that on shark week. A Cornell university student must pass a basic swimming test before they're allowed to graduate. Very interesting. Well great talking with you today I hope you have a good one.
 Well her femur is gone for good.  They put her lower leg where the femur used to be so that she can walk and use her ankle as a knee.
 Yes.  I love how it was the Native Americans who taught the British how to do the crawl when they beat them in a competition where the British only did the breaststroke.
 I like to dance I can't say I'm very good haha. I never knew that Bruce Lee want to dance competition though, back in 1958
 That's for sure. Michael Jackson also had some great dance moves. He even patented that extreme lean  machine that uses on stage
 Yep that's for sure. Have you ever put on music when there's been a baby in the room? Apparently they will dance to the beat. I need to try that
 Yep I agree! I would like to ride that around Japan no, apparently all their highways are tolls and it would cost $300 to travel across the country, that sounds so annoying!
 Well I live in Michigan actually haha. I have been to the island it's all horses, and I'm allergic to horses, so I didn't like it LOL
 Yes, but it's getting expensive. I shouldn't complain, in Japan, it costs $300 in tolls to cross the country and all of their highways are toll roads!
 It used to only be $12. The turnpike tolls continue to rise. I used to travel by bus a lot in college, but the trips took all day. The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph.
 Makes sense. I didn't know Bruce Lee was a great dancer!
 True! Tupac danced ballet in high school! I would have liked to see that
 Probably! He played the Mouse King in the Nutcracker ballet, too!
 True. Ballet is intense. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
 He can sit and watch Frozen without budging. 
 That is a terrible song. Apparently it's the most disliked video on YouTube. I get it but it kind of surprises me because he had so many fans at that time. 
 Wow, that's amazing! I bet those You-tubers make the big bucks, but from what I've heard. Being a basketball player or coach is where the money's at, in most states they're the highest paid employees! 
 Speaking of the top, did you know that Rapper big sean had a GPA of 3.7?! He turned down a full scholarship, but was later signed on by Kanye west. I guess he made a lot of money either way, right?
 Yes I watch YouTube a lot. I even saw Kanye West say that "slavery was a choice"
 That's really impressive! It's also impressive that Justin Bieber's"baby"is the most disliked video on YouTube
 Yes that was a huge video back when it came out, it even made YouTube have to upgrade its view count to 64 bits apparently
 Yes that is shocking. Also shocking that the police have their own version of YouTube. They call it Blutube and it has a lot of police videos on it
 Yes I agree, I'm glad that you speaks his mind, although he says a lot of crazy things like how he believes that aids is a man-made disease
 Yep he was awesome! Unlike the creator of basketball, James Naismith, who was a losing coach somehow
 Yeah that is crazy but also kind of sad. A really crazy thing is that there is a basketball court on top of the US Supreme Court, did you hear about that?
 I do have a car, that is crazy and ya invented by McDonalds to help military people
 haha or me when I'm hungry haha, what I do want is to put a flame thower on my car like you can in South Africa
 haha well ya, I would use it to melt snow right now though haah
 Do you like sharks?  I love watching those shows on discovery channel about them.  I recently read that since sharks have no rib cages their body weight would crush them on land!  Crazy!
 that is crazy,  I wonder why someone would want them to bark lol How about the fact that like dolphins,  sharks rescue sailors too!  Wheres the movie on that?  lol they should make a movie that puts sharks in a positive view. 
 haha thats a good idea! they are so old too, I guess they evolved before trees or even dinosaurs
 I know right,  amazing!  sharks and crocodiles are from the time of dinosaurs crazy!  But to be older than trees?  thats insane,  I guess it makes sense though since they dont breathe air. 
 Ive used the andriod and iphone a bit,  never a windows phone. 
 lol wow.  well its been good chatting,  have a good one!
 I do too, I purchase just about everything from Amazon except for groceries.
 I'm shocked that it was first established in 1994. You would think that such a huge company would have a longer history. 
 I heard about that too! Something about it should run for 10,000 years. 
 Yes, that's the one. Apparently warehouse workers for Amazon are so busy that they walk between 7 and 15 miles each day per shift!
 That is a lot of walking! 
 Since 1998! You'd think I would have known that sooner but there is no indication of that on the website. 
 Wow! Oh, I never noticed this before, but apparently Amazon has a contract with the US postal service to deliver packages on Sundays? 
 Wait what? You just threw me for a loop! How is that possible? ha
 Enough other people think he still has it. He raised $6 mil for charity just by televising "the decision"
 Oh that's disappointing. I wonder if the statistics still hold true about vasectomy rates during march madness, apparently vasectomy rates increase during march madness so that men can stay at home for a few days to watch basketball. That is a little over the top
 That's insane! Is it because the students/players make a "grunting" noise before a shot and to some that's considered cheating
 Well she's a better baller than Shaq who only has one recorded 3pt score throughout his entire basketball career.
 Hi! Did you hear about the police officer who stole a vacuum and instant oatmeal from Walmart? 
 I think I heard something about that, that's pretty crazy!  I mean, being a officer and doing that?  You think he of all people would know the possible consequences of his actions!
 Seem to recall he said he was paying his parents bills at the time, but I dunno... I'm guessing he got caught in the whole, "I won't get caught" mentality.  I've read that he also stole condoms from there too!  (Insert clever joke here) lol!
 Haha yeah, not "this woman!" I wouldn't mind playing around with one to see what I'm missing out on, "if" I could afford it. It would be crazy of me to waste money on a phone at this point! I also have an android! They work perfectly fine. I just found out that's it's legal to have a flamethrower on your car in south africa! Wow! I kinda want want for in case of zombie apocalypse! 
 Well, cool as it is, I'm not sure how practical it'd be for a zombie apocalypse.  Remember, zombies don't feel pain!  So you'll just have a bunch of walking torches after you!  LOL.
 Haha! I didn't think of it that way! I guess in South Africa it is meant for live humans who might carjack you! You'd think that would have handled their carjacking problems completely!
 Got a friend that lives in South Africa, I'll have to ask him about it.  LOL.  Speaking of cars, did you know McDonalds added drive thru because soldiers were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues?  Thought that was interesting...
 Oh wow, Jann mardenborough became a pro racer after beating 90,000 people at the game Gran Turismo! I knew I should have kept playing that game! lol, my job would pay more, that's for sure!
 Seems like it'd take more to qualify you as a pro racer other than playing a video game, no matter HOW good you were at it, but I dunno... maybe he had an ultra realistic set up with faux steering wheel and stuff?  
 Ideally he would have but I can't imagine spending money on such stuff. haha too much responsibility! Still, I agree, that playing a game with your thumbs says nothing about how you handle a car! Were you aware that sharks have no rib cages?
 Yeah, I heard something about that... they get out of water and their weight can crush their body because of it!  Be a gruesome way to go!  Weird to think how long they've been around.  Sharks evolved before dinosaurs and even TREES.
 And sharks can rescue sailors and be trained to bark like dogs! Hm, that's worth looking into!
 Weird... I wonder what a shark barking would sound like?  I have to look that up!  I'm told sharks have been even known to rescue sailors.  Although if I were in shark infested waters, I wouldn't look them for it!
 It seems as if Charlotte is beginning to be somewhere to recruit executive talent as Honeywell is moving their HQ from NJ to Charlotte.
 Charlotte is becoming a hotbed for jobs from what I understand.
 And a lot of companies are moving out of states with high taxes.
 Speaking of Amazon, I guess they are getting Apple's music screaming service on the echo.
 I didn't know that about the HomePod.  Amazon has a contract with the U.S. post office to deliver Amazon packages on Sundays.
 I wonder if Amazon will someday find a way to completely take over Apple. Amazon's services sure are convenient.
 I just did a 5K yesterday and I am beat. I was thinking I would love to work at an Amazon warehouse since they get their exercise in, walking between seven and fifteen miles a day.
 I know right. I would like to do it as a temporary job. Amazing how over a couple of decades ago most people had not heard of Amazon. The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.
 I know! I remember having dial up internet. Now I think I have a novelty addiction. I constantly want to click on things.
 Yeah, I have never heard that. I would just call it the three line thingy probably.
 I agree with you on that one! Do you own an iPhone?
 Well said! I still am going strong with my iPhone 5 but it's on its last leg I think haha. I can't believe there are over 2 million apps for it.
 They are all the same in my eyes these days. I didn't know women are more likely to own one than men!
 Me neither, I'd assume men and women would own iPhones in equal numbers
 Maybe it's the camera? Microsoft had a funeral for the iPhone when it launched. Who's laughing now?
 That is too funny. Do you like sharks at all?
 I went snorkeling with them last month it was crazy! Can you believe they can be trained to bark like dogs?
 That's pretty cool, I guess sharks are more complicated thinkers if they help sailors out
 They really are! They seem bipolar haha. I wouldn't want to find myself in the White Shark Cafe.
 I'm sure he would and probably has! Luckily I don't live near the Pacific ocean to find out!
 It's crazy to think that he really does bring that much money though, like even in high school, they charged between $100 and $120 just to see him play basketball!
 Oh god I would hope that's why, and for nothing else. It's surprising how popular basketball is amongst groups you wouldn't expect. The US Supreme Court building even has a court on the top floor!
 Yeah, i had heard about that, he spent a grand total of $27.95.  That's so cool!
 Not as cool as that clock in the mountain Bezos built. It has a lifespan of 10K years.
 You're the first person that has actually received a package on a Sunday that I have talked to.  Wow, and I thought it was just a rumor!  That is alot of miles, hope they wear good, comfortable shoes, poor workers.
 Everything cutting edge seems to be going on in the Golden state!
 I wouldn't know. I think it's interesting he started out at PayPal, and ended up with SpaceX.
 No, I didn't.  I guess that's good to have in case of emergencies up there?
 You're probably right about the selfies, " I'm on the top of the world!".  I'm clueless to how the internet could possibly burn down, but nice to know there's a saved copy of it! lol
 Did you know 39 of 50 states, the highest paid employee in the state is either a college basketball or football coach?
 I agree. Did you know the supreme court has a basketball gym on the top floor?
 I'm not too sure. They call it the highest court in the land.
 I agree. New Zealand has a basketball team nicknamed the tall blacks.
 He is a great guy. Warner Bros and James have signed a new deal for a Space Jam sequel.
 I agree. Did you know Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode making her the highest paid celebrity after James?
 Yea she makes a ton of money. James raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the decision.
 Oh I see. very smart indeed. Speaking of snakes in high places, there is a genus of flying snakes that launch themselves at prey!
 Agreed. I thought they all did. One thing I did know is that their organs are one in front of the other not side by side like ours.
 Two heads? Sounds like a horror film lol. Fear of snakes is common in animals, not just humans but monkeys too.
 Whoa he must be very tough. Although crocodiles look like snakes they are more closely related to birds if you can believe it!
 Nope but I believe it! People are crazy! Mark Zuckerburg suffered red-green colorblindness so he made facebook's color blue!
 True.  I'm sure Mark Zuckerberg doesn't lose sleep at night over my concerns.  i like the Burger King promotion where you get a whopper for unfriending people
 If you're concerned about calories you could watch a horror movie, supposedly burns 180!
 I'm not sure Bambi would burn enough, unless you're Stephen King of course.
 No, didnt know that, maybe  they had a great music class there lol
 Really? cool! Did you know Nintendo is over 100 years old!
 That's awesome! Did you know McDonalds added the drive through in 1975 to serve soldiers who were not allowed to leave their vehicle?
 Apparently Cadillac was named after a French explorer
 Really? That's interesting! Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.how cool is that? 
 I do! Michael Jackson wanted to build a 50 foot tall robot.
 Really, that's crazy.....did you know robots can be controlled by rat brains? That's creepy!
 Robots now have the ability to change personality.
 Jackson and Mythbuster robots.
 I agree.  It's so hard to tell if it's race related or not.
 Agreed!  I am not a big fan of rap music, however, some of the lyrics are actually worthwhile.
 I've always like jay-z. I had no idea he went to high school with busta rhymes
 I can't see those two playing Monopoly.  It's a game about capitalism. 
 .That is good for us.  I think it's funny that the UN actual appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials in case we ever make contact.  They did this in 2010.
 I found that fact a bit ridiculous. I need to verify that one.
 lol, that is funny.  Over the holidays, my family played a lot of games.  Didyou know that Monopoly was invented to be a teaching tool about the injustices of Capitalism.
 That is a good strategy. I love Monopoly but it takes forever. In fact, the longest game ever lasted 70 days.
 Wow, I wish I invented it.  Monopoly was once banned in Russia and is still outlawed in Cuba and North Korea.  This is because it represents Capitalism.
 Oh, that's cool.  Well, I will leave you with this. There was a moral panic  in the 18th century because of the spread of reading novels.
 I'm great too! I have heard of it! Do you trust their ratings?
 I do for the most part because they use movie critic reviews as well as viewers reviews like you and I. I didn't know that it was owned by Warner Bros, did you?
 That's crazy. I don't believe it haha. I have Netflix and apparently 150 movies with 100% ratings on RT are available.
 I'll have to look into that today! Can you believe no film based on a video game has achieved about 44 percent on the site? I kind of believe it!
 Me too! I bet it's really cool. I also like Judge Judy. Watching her show is a guilty pleasure of mine. She makes $123,000 per episode!
 Given she's on like 5 days a week, she is rollin in the dough! Do you know how bill nye got his break in entertainment?
 Didn't he win a Steve Martin lookalike contest? I had heard that, but I don't see it. And what does that have to do with science?
 I agree! I didn't now the original system could only display 54 colors.
 Haha yeah. He said that the people bred chickens for entertainment and not for food. So were they pets, and did they have chicken fights?
 That was probably the best form back then haha. Anyways, great chatting with you!
 That is true.  There is some bad humor in it not going along with traditional muppet fun.
 They didn't make much money off it either showing how bad it was.  They only made $10.1 million which was low for McCarthy.
 My question is why they made an R rated movie with puppets?
 Did you know that McCarthy is married to the director of Life of the Party?
 I suppose they just may be giving her bad roles since she seems to have some talent. Maybe "Can You Ever Forgive Me" will work out better for her.
 Who is your favorite celebrity?  I like court shows but didn't know Judge Judy made more than every celebrity except Lebron James.
 That is crazy. Did you know it was once banned in Russia and china?
 It is still outlawed in north korea and cuba because it is so firmly capitalist!
 I doubt it! Nicholas Cage actually convinced Johnny Depp to pursue acting while playing monopoly!
 I read that book in high school! Did you know in the 18th century there was a moral panic because everyone was reading novels?
 I see it sometimes but when I actually search for a rating I usually go to IMDB.  Michael Bay's average rating is 38%.  That seems harsh.
 That is harsh! They are hard on their scale, especially with video game films. 
 I thought it was just me.  That's why I like IMDB.  I can't believe Spykids got a 93% rating.
 That is better than Lincoln and the dark knight rises!
 I don't know.  Maybe you could fake being a celebrity.  It wouldn't take much in the way of brains. Wow, Judge Judy's (actually is smart) pulls down $123K per episode!
 That makes her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james.
 Bill Nye got his break somewhere else when he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest.  I don't see the resemblance. 
 I guess Obama blew the white guy stereotype.  That may be his biggest accomplishment in his 8 years.  I didn't know my trusty NES only displayed 54 colors?!
 That could explain how the top Monopoly prize from 1995-2000 were fraudulently won by a group of insiders.
 Yeah. The longest game of monopoly lasted 70 days
 In the 18th century there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Wow, that's crazy. I wond how much those are worth now a days...
 Do you know Dean "demetri" Martin was accepted to Harvard but got board and decided to pursue a career in comedy instead.  I can't imagine leaving Harvard for comedy, can you?
 No, but I guess he felt his calling. Ryan Stiles did something similar. He dropped out of high school too.
 I hope he got his GED, I think school is important.  Do you know Rowan Atkinson who plays Mr. Bean is considered a genius intelectually, you would not think it based on his comedy
 That's funny. Wonder if he dances too. Some celebrities have surprising backgrounds. Bruce Lee was a championship dancer.
 I didn't know that, my husband likes him, Can you believe that Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the best comedy around?
 To each his own. What I think is surprising is that 3rd Rock from the Sun won the Emmy for comedy beating Seinfeld.
 If he thought Bambi was a horror film that explains a lot about his movies, did you know watching a horror movie can burn up 180 calories?
 I'd rather watch comdies myself, wonder what calorie counts that burns, speaking of abstract art, have you ever watched forms of dance?
 That would not have worked. Tupac played the Mouse King in a school production of the Nutcracker. Maybe he could have played a boy who is bitten by a spider too?
 That's a good question and I've never heard of that term before. Maybe a movie like Stripes is the only one I could think of. But it's interesting that ryan stiles dropped out of school to pursue comedy, that's risky.
 Some people just can't deal with high school. Probably didn't see himself as college material. I know that Demetri Martin left Harvard Law to pursue comedy.
 Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer? it makes sense because martial arts is basically like a dance that you practice
 haha makes sense to me, I dated a ballet dancer and ya her toes were messed up from the shoes, it doesn't surprise me that they can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week.
 I'm not surprised that Michael patented the device. He knew that he had something good there. I was surprised that Tupac did ballet in high school. I wonder what high school that was
 Ya I bet if someone has a tape of one of his performances that it is worth a fortune. I want to watch a baby dance now that I know that it is a thing haha
 Ya I can't blame Stephen King for being terrified as a child of bambi. That terrified me as a kid too.
 That is cool to think about. Did you know there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have?
 I agree it is a bit atypical. Contrary to popular belief dogs can see colors and are not colorblind.
 Wow. I didnt know that. I love rap. I do believe that everything is connected. I wonder if artist use entertainment as a way to express truths or if they use the truth of their experience to sell as entertainment. I definitely think they use whats relatable to control reactions and whatever in certain societies. Also that is crazy that Mcdonalds pays people to reference Big Macs. Now Nicki Minajs lyrics make sense.
 Definitely. People have to make money to live. I think it is dangerous when it comes to a point where they can be perceived as vulnerable and honest but in fact they are just selling a product. Because they are in a way looked up to, they have the power to change things, but once you realize that and start to do it, you have the risk of losing it all. Its a crazy cycle. 
 You're smart. I agree. Also I've never heard of NoClue, the fastest rapper in the world. I thought it was that other guy. T-bone or something. I forget. Do you think that entertainment has too much influence on people in society?
 Yooo. So weird, I was watching Bill Nye and he was like...GMO's are good for you and I was like... something's not right. How is it good for you? Too strong a statement for a scientist. Fricken Bill Nye. I remember they used to show us videos in elementary. We live in a land of ideas made into a weird reality. 
 Amen! I think the more we search for God truly the more we see that he is the one that pursues us. Even if your rich or even if your like me drowning in school debt. Life. Crazy. 99 Problems. 
 Yes. I was surprised by that
 I think its odd
 Maybe. But dogs could be too
 Oh nice. Yes me too I can't wait. Going to be epic. Speaking of that era, people in 50 used to breed chickens for entertainment. 
 Yes agreed. It was outdated for sure. It only displayed 54 colors for pete's sake.
 Yes I agree. Playstation was cool too. And I never knew Reagan was an actor! Well it was so good chatting with you. 
 I was surprised to hear that Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of congress.
 I wanted to end by this...the other night I went outside at 2am to put out trash.  My dog sensed something and started growling.  She never growls.  Then a figure ran away from us!  Get a doggie!
 Take care!
 Yes I enjoy comedy as well, I can't believe green lantern was going to be a comedy starring Jack Black.
 Oh wow that is rough, the origins of Comedy come from Ancient Greece I would've never guessed that.
 Yeah kind of cool. The public opinion of voters in Ancient Greece was even influenced by satire!
 Yeah I find that kind of funny it doesn't sound that fun. It sounds just as fun as doing a fantasy draft with the national spelling bee!
 Yes very true. There's even a single fold in the brain which makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.
 Holy cow that gives me hope! He had a manuscript with over 300 watercolor illustrations! So cool. It was insightful talking with you today. Have a good night!
 Yes have a good night.
 And that is just the US.  137 Million world wide.
 Yea, it's crazy the amount of content offered, netflix even has a movie that is just a fireplace
 That's pretty cool, for christmas I search for one of those robot toys. I never knew robotics was actually coined by Isaac Asimov
 I do! Have you heard of The good place?
 I've heard of Bojack horseman. Is it any good? I think trope means, lovable but dumb characters.
 In BoJack the character comes out as asexual.  I'm not sure what that means?  I guess the show will convey that to people.
 Michael Jackson was another great dancer and even patented something to make him lean.
 That is so cute! I hope ballet dancers make a lot of money because they go through 4 pairs of tap shoes in a week.
 Do you watch Netflix?  I wish I had been Blockbuster!  I would have not refused to buy Netflix for $50 cause now they are worth $2 billion.
 How about that old Xbox 360 controller?  Did you hear the military of the US uses them to control an eod robot?  I guess all those kids playing paid off.
 haha I guess that is possible, I do like amazon I buy a lot of things from there, I was happy when I saw a package was delivered to me last sunday, I guess USPS has a contract with Amazon to deliver on Sundays!
 yes, one site I use all the time is imdb, I had no idea that amazon bought then in 1998, I use that site almost every day
 Ya it is kind of scary with how much they own, also they do employ a lot of people but I don't know that the benefits are good, did you see all the news recently about how they had no breaks and had to urinate in bottles?
 I did not and I didn't know that working conditions were that extreme. I thought that Amazon touts work hard at pretty good pay and benefits, but I didn't know it was that bad.
 I also use Amazon, but did you know that amazon has a website that sells returned and like new items at a discount? I didn't
 Hi! I am well.I was just shopping on Amazon. Hard to believe it was founded 7-5-1994.
 I do too considering the first customer got a building named after them by just a $27.97 purchase.
 Wow! That is a LOT!! Did you know that Amazon has surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer?
 You're full of interesting facts. I didn't know that! Did you know that the folds in a chefs hat are meant to represent the different ways that chefs can cook an egg?
 Oh wow that says a lot about President Trump! Total fun fact... Did you also know that Every US president that has had a beard was a republican?
 I believe around 2000, which doesn't seem that long ago so that is alwasy a really weird fact for me. 
 Haha that's crazy. So the party symbols (donkey, elephant) have been around longer than the colors?
 Political shifts are part and parcel of American history. I wonder if we'll ever have viable third (or fourth or fifth) parties in this country. That seems more likely in a parliamentary system.
 Yes and I don't know.  Funny, every US president with a beard has been a republican.  What's up with that?
 I can't recall one in my years of political awareness.  Did you know there is a con man if France that has sold the Eiffel Tower twice?
 Boy I'll say. Trump say he'll shut down the government to get that wall built.
 Our government is pretty crazy.  In 2006 we passed legislation that would protect our employees from bring prosecuted for violating the geneva convention
 Yes.  I did not realize that the red and blue colors for the parties  did not start until 2000
 I've only seen the movie but it had a lot of tactical situations.  Can you believe that in the 18th century there was a moral panic because people were reading novels?
 Yes, I'm sure... I recently learned that Pilgrims actually had colorful clothing.  Maybe the scarlet letter?  No, I'm glad.  I thought they always wore black and were quite fond of turkeys. 
 Probably... WIld things can happen like the first woman elected to congress couldn't even vote!  That's weird. 
 Not as weird as Elmo from Sesame Street testifying before Congress!
 Interesting that the year my grandma was born is the year congress in the us played a baseball game republicans vs democrats (1909)
 Well interestingly, they let Elmo testify before Congress, so who knows.
 I didn't know that. I wonder if it had apples on it?
 I've heard of that but not that store specifically.  I guess there are a lot of interesting clothing and items there.  I wonder who gets ownership of unclaimed luggage and the profits.
 Really? The original braille letters were just the regular letters but in large fonts. They took up a lot of space!
 Did you know that the world record for the fastest reader is at 4700 words a minute!
 Did you know that pilgrims only wear black on special occasions? I do the opposite!
 Who knows. Enders Game was read my many military organizations. I wonder why, as it does not have too much to do with the army.
 I am not very big on poetry big I do agree with that.
 that is a lot of explosions. its funny michael bay was the human flicked away megatron in the transformers film.
 I am a big fan of nintendo I had no idea the system could only display 54 colors. its been great chatting have a great evening.
 Did you know that chickens were originally bred for entertainment and not food in britain?
 No, I didn't know that chickens were originally bred for entertainment, but I can believe it. I have chickens, and they are very entertaining.
 That is interesting, one thing about dogs is I always thought dogs were colorblind but I guess they can see colors, just not as many as humans can
 That would be an effective way to keep the city cleaner and to take care of stray animals. It sounds like something that big cities should try, especially those that don't have some sort of animal control.
 That is an interesting fact. The way dogs have evolved is interesting. That they are so attuned to human behavior and able to thrive on a diet rich in starch is something that I didn't know. I'm not a dog person myself. I like them, but my cats are good companions and seem to understand what I'm saying as well as any dog would.
 Did you ever play videogames? I had a nintendo as a kid, I never realized they could only display 54 colors, it seemed like a lot more
 Ya, I already liked in Back to the Future, when Marty goes back in time no one believes him that Ronald Reagan will become president, apparently Back to the Future was one of Ronald Reagan's favorite movies
 It's one of my favorite films too. I don't think anyone thought that an actor would run for president, much less get elected. He was a good actor, and a decent president.
 I haven't seen it, but I think I remember the trailer. Some compare the dialogue to a video game though
 ya apparently it contains war violence and has bad language. It's also rated R so its probably pretty gory I would imagine
 It would be hard to have an accurate war movie that doesn't have some level of gore though. I've heard the horses and the terrain were good aspects of the movie
 ya that is true, did you know that other than humans, horses, orangutans, and sharks are also ticklish?
 Sharks are ticklish? I wonder who was brave enough to discover that one. Horses in Iceland are capable of speedwalking
 that is interesting, also once the horse leaves Iceland, apparently it can never return, I don't knkow who enforces that haha
 How would they keep track of something like that? There was a high school that had a "no vehicle to school" day, so two students rode horses. They were smart, but they got suspended
 ya that is very rebelleous haha, one other thing with horses is that horse hair gets stronger the more sunlight the horse gets, definitely doesnt work that way in humans
 Maybe something in their bodies uses Vitamin D to strengthen their hair. There's a horse that turns completely white after 6 years, but is born black or brown
 ah that is interestings, also I like how one horse has a peak power output of about 15 horsepower, you'd think it
 haha that is very mysterious! I would feel that it is a mystery why Patrick Stewart is teaching an acting class in the UK and not just retiring
 I mean, he must be passionate about acting. I wonder what got him started. Hopefully it's because he loved it and not because all the pretty girls were in drama class like it was for Michael Caine
 haha ya I hope not! have you heard of the show Ikea heights? It's apparently a show that takes place solely in an ikea store without the store knowing about it 
 I love IKEA! I've never heard of it, but it sounds like it would be an amusing show to watch. Apparently for every episode of House, Hugh Laurie earns $700,000, making him the highest paid actor in a TV drama
 ya that is a crazy amount of money! And Jon Hamm From Mad Men used to teach an acting class, one of his students was Erin from the show The Office, crazy!
 I guess he was a great teacher. Jim Carrey won't even make dramas anymore because of his belief in positivity
 No I had no idea.  Tom might have given that gig to his brother because he was too busy.  I am sure there are many jobs available in the video game industry.  As of 2015, video games have generated over 74 billion dollar a year!
 I believe it because my husband can spend hours playing video games.  
 im not into video games at all. what i do know is its a lucrative industry. Speaking of money, I had no idea that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama.
 thats cool! speaking of drama Clint Eastwood usually rides horse in his drama action movies but did you know he actually has an allergy to horses?
 I think so too. Did you know Bruce Lee was a very good dancer?
 I would love to see him dance. He must be very good as he won a championship in 1958.
 Yea I heard he was really good. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week.
 They are really cool. They have 12 different blood types.
 Haha that is funny I didn't know dogs had blood drives!
 Did you know Istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water to stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles?
 I always thought they were color blind. Did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals to understanding pointing?
 Interesting. Even google prefers dogs to cats as it states that in their code of conduct!
 That's funny they did that. I heard polo shirts were invented for tennis players.
 Can't say that I have. Aside from the one that someone left on my doorstep last week, I havent even seen one in years.
 Haha nope me neither. I just remember they were super heavy and very yellow haha. But apparently if you overlap the pages it is literally impossible to pull them apart
 Nope I agree with you. I'm so glad that we have cell phones these days. And they're apparently more powerful than even the entire USA nuclear deterrent system
 Yep you would think so. You'd also think that they would have a better system for transmitting phone and internet data across the oceans. Like using a wireless system. But apparently they use cable that goes the length of the ocean and is only about 3 in. across
 Yes they donate clean water. And they will donate a day of clean water for every minute you do not use your cell phone apparently. I need to look into that more
 That's insane! Imagine how exhausted you would be. Did you know that the polo shirt was actually invented by a tennis player?
 I didn't know that.  That is pretty cool.  Polo players adopted it later.  I wonder why it wasnt called the tennis shirt.
 haha I know right! I always wondered to on why polo shirts had that crocodile logo. The Creator's name was Renee "the crocodile" Lacoste so that's where it came from LOL
 Well, most people put on their trousers one leg at a time, regardless of race. I think that it's odd that a judge sued a dry cleaners for $67 mill. What was he thinking?
 Hello, do you like to dance?
 I had no idea Bruce Lee was an excellent dancer; I never saw him dance.  I would have love to have seen him dance.
 That would totally be a sight to see. I always knew that Michael Jackson was a dancer but not Bruce Lee.
 That would be super interesting. I never knew that ballet dancers went through 4 shoes in a week. Isn't that crazy.
 I had no idea that dogs can donate blood; I can't believe I never heard that.
 I never knew that either but I did know that people prefer dogs to cats.
 Did you know that Dogs are not color blind, that's funny. 
 Yes it is a good thing, very inventive. I didn't know that Dogs were the only animals to instinctive understand pointing.
 I didn't know Google discriminates against cats.
 I thought that was funny. I didn't know that in China they wear a lot of shirts so they could show other colors.
 It sure must have been one player, especially with the nickname "the crocodile".
 It was also interesting to know what people wore at Billy Mays' funeral, blue shirts and khaki pants.
 I think it's a good idea in theory but they have a lot of kinks to work out. There was a man in New York who bought a house and he found a barn full of classic cars. How did they miss that when listing it?!
 Wow that's crazy! Did you know Polo shirts were invented for tennis players?
 That's cool. A black man won the 1st US Open in 1968.
 I would too. The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours!
 Did you know New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest numbers to dial on a rotary phone?
 I didn't know that either. An iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent systme.
 Haha no, reminds me of this movie I watched when I was little where a boy follows a red balloon
 I believe it was like half an hour long. Kind of a short film. Kids catch up to it at the end. In the lemon video also people run to catch the fruit.
 Yeah, and they are even thinking of turning the lemon into a children's book.
 He always appears in predictable locations on each picture.
 I'll have to take note of that next time I try to find him. Also, did you know that Green Eggs & Ham is - apparently - 50 words or less? I remember it being much longer
 Yeah, me too! But Children's books are good to read in general, as they have 50 percent more rare words than average adult prime time television
 Yeah, maybe he sees the potential. Stephen King wrote a children's book with a pseudonym but reviewed it as himself. Seems pretty sneaky.
 That's so sweet! I'm actually dyslexic and would love to read that book. Apparently, the late 19th/early 20th centuries were the "golden age of children's literature" but I think children's books are so much more inclusive and relevant today
 They appear to know who they are talking to and can communicate with one another.
 They are amazing! I doubt they care about bars of service. We shouldn't either. There is almost no connection between cell phone connection quality and bars of service.
 Ha ha.  Apparently, bruce lee is a good dancer
 That's true. Michael jackson used a device to do that extreme lean. I thought I was natural. I feel duped!
 That is a great picture book of life in the Bronx.
 Interestingly, if the childrens' books were published in Norway the government buys and distributes 1500 of them to libraries in the country.
 Shows that education pays off.  I didn't know that there were more libraries than McDonalds in the US.  I guess we could learn not to eat the greasy burgers if we increased library card memberships from 50% to more than that.
 I would love to go to the Sacramento Public Library.  You can check out useful items like sewing machines and others.  That sounds cool!
 Isn't it also called the library of things that offer things people may find useful but don't require long term? I think that is a brilliant idea.
 They are great for in the car too.  I bet Dr. Suess' editor could put his foot in his mouth after he bet $50 with Seuss that he couldn't write a kids book in 50 words or less.  Green Eggs and Ham won the bet.
 Some authors start so young writing.  Eragon's author began writing at age 14 and it made the New York Times Children's books best seller list 121 weeks!
 That is nice of them to take care of the troops. Audi had to beef up their horns in india for increased use. Wow!
 Have not heard that! Trunks are called trunks because originally people carried wooden trunks on the back of their truck.
 Not sure about that. I was reading about hats, funny enough. The most popular hat in the old west was the bowler not the cowboy hat!  
 Amazing is that the house of commons stopped forcing them to wear hats for points of order in 1998! how ridiculous 
 Hey! Do you know that New York area code 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 No, I had no idea. I've only used a rotary phone a couple times when I was kid but I wonder why 111 wouldn't be quicker than 212
 It's fascinating how all that old stuff works, especially how a telphone is able to convert sound from a human voice and transmit it through cables and reproduce on another telephone
 Yea it's crazy how they are even able to lay 2.7 inch diameter phone cables across the ocean floor!
 Funny fact I've read. In the 1950s US judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character.
 Wow, I read the Russian built a computer runs of water, I guess water generate electricity.
 No, I didn't know that, but I do know Apples are good computers.
 I love poetry. That sounds perfect. Hard to believe Edgar Allan Poe only got $9 for The Raven. 
 Yeah, 25th century BCE! I can't even fathom how long ago that was. I didn't know that there was a significant creative culture back then! Another surprising thing is that the Vikings were actually warrior-poets who thought that poetry was a gift from Odin. Who would've known?!
 No I did not know that. Cool. Do you have an interest in humans?
 I guess we are not that sophisticated. And we cannot synthesize Vitamin C either.
 I don't have time either. The world record for speed reading is held by anne jones, with a reading speed of 4,700 words per minute! I wish I had that talent!
 Wow, that is fast. I heard that CS Lewis and Tolkien held laugh and lose competitions to read terrible poetry. Now that seems kind of fun.
 Would have liked to see that! dgar allan poe only recieved $9 for the publication of his poem, "the raven."
 It is a shame! Poetry has a long history, dating back to prehistorical times with the creation of hunting poetry in Africa.
 That sounds cool! The javanese alphabet, when recited in order, forms a poem.
 I can't imagine that Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem. I wonder if it even made sense.
 Crazy! Did you know Almost all of the hobbit's character names were taken out of an old icelandic poem "dvergatal"?
 No, I did not know that. I just thought they were weird, made up names
 Some of them have animal names. There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth!
 Apparently Germany has gone beyond studying animals. They have given animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights.
 Wow! There are so many different sized animals. Animals range in length from 8.5 millionths of a metre to 33.6 metres!
 Apparently we still hiccup because we used to have both gills and lungs!
 That's fascinating. Thanks for chatting!
 Yes horror movies use an instrument to make those sounds. It's called a waterphone. We can regrow ribs? I'
 She has decent country music songs out there. Did you know she owns a Dassualt Falcon 900 private jet that cost around $40 million?
 I think she has a bunch of number 1 songs. She once accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and topped the Canadian iTunes charts.
 I bet. She removed her music from Spotify because "music should not be free".
 Exactly! She walks backwards to avoid having her photo taken.
 I have never used one before. I did see 212 is the fastest number to dial which is why they made it New York's area code.
 That sounds scary. Did you know it's impossible to separate two phones books who's pages have been overlapped together?
 That suprises me. I would have thought there would be no fiction on that list at all ever. It is good they are expanding the list. 
 Oddly Ender's Game is also on the reading list for military organizations. 
 True. It is fascinating to see literature evolve over time. Even something as simple as kissing wasn't even a thing back in ancient manuscripts. 
 There was really? I guess people weren't prepared for books back then.
 that wouldn't surprise me. He also was a big 'Simpson' fan and wrote the song for Bart, 'do the bartman'. You learn something new every day.
 There's tons of money in entertainment. Even working in the government, the best-paid employees in most states are the coaches for big college football or basketball teams.
 It's hard to imagine dunking wasn't part of the game at any time. And the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, was a coach. But funny enough, he was actually the only coach in the history of univ. of kansas that was losing.....and he actually invented the sport!
 I know! Speaking of basketball and earlier about Judge Judy, she actually makes more than Lebron James, but he is 2nd in being the most paid celebrity.
 I will watch Tennis sometimes but that's about it haha. One thing I didn't know is that there was a ban on the dunk in basketball for over a decade oh, did you know that?
 Well from what I understand Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just too good at it. And it was ruining the game haha that's a funny thing to have a shot banned because you're too good at it
 Yes you're right. He was the inventor and also the only losing coach in history of his university LOL like how is that possible, you think that the creator of basketball would be an amazing coach
 It has definitely grown since then! For instance, in 39 out of 50 states, the highest state employee salary is either a basketball or football coach, kind of screwy
 Haha that's a good point maybe one of them is the referee? I also love the name of it. It's on the top floor of the building so they call it"the highest court in the land"
 It's the "Tall Blacks" don't ask me why haha. I don't think that name would fly in the United States
 Oh I didn't know that haha. Well that makes a lot more sense now haha. I'll have to watch some more New Zealand basketball then
 When I get the chance, but not often. I like when they dunk. That is a cool move. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got it banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 Interesting. Speaking of university coaches, James Naismith is the only losing coach in University of Kansas' history.
 Yeah why not just change the rules haha, just kidding
 I love his dancing and music though he was an odd fellow. I wish the 50 foot robot he wanted of himself came to realization. Then he would live on in the Nevada desert.
 That was written by Michael Jackson because he really loved the Simpsons.
 Huh I wonder why! Not everyone seemed to get along with Michael Jackson though. Freddie MErcury cancelled a duet with him because he insisted on bringing a llama to the studio.
 Haha it's hilarious though. Only Michael Jackson. So random.
 Yeah. Now people just pay them to go away. There's actually a stock market for pirates...
 I had no idea. Germany gives their animals universal rights. First country to do so!
 I did not know that. Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution.
 Yes, I'd like them on my car for when I'm in traffic! lol
 No, I think that was just for the old timey cars way back in the day.
 I could agree with you about that.  It just shows respect, we need more of that in the world, nowadays.
 Wow, I thought duels were allowed a long time ago?  
 They were. Who does that today? I find it fascinating that there are no Walmarts in New York City. There are five near me.
 I guess. I recently found out that chicago's nickname isn't from the wind, it's from the politicians. Ive been there countless times, and never knew that.
 I have, it was scandalous at the time. I can't believe people actually called him "his better half".
 Oh, I thought I'd stump you on that one.  lol
 Hello, Lets talk about the telephone. If you own an Iphone then you own a phone with more computing power then the US nuclear ICBM
 Because when they used to use rotary phones it was the fastest number to dial 
 interesting. There is a UNICEF program that donates clean water for every minute you do not use your phone. 
 Lets talk about Children's Literature next. The government in Norway will buy 1000 copies of your book that you publish in Norway to distribute to libraries, 1500 if its a children's book. 
 I do not. I know that he did win the bet and released the book though. Which one was it?
 awesome, great book. Drake must really like Winnie the pooh because he spend a lot of money on a first edition while in the UK
 Drake also purchased a first edition of Charlotte's web, I wonder what he paid for them. 
 I am not also. It was on the New York Time's Children's best seller list for 121 weeks. 
 I do, lets talk about that next. There are more libraries then McDonalds in the US
 There was a man who was falsely imprisoned that spend most of his time in the prison library studying law and won his freedom. 
 That is a great idea, nice chatting with you also
 That was my opinion.  I love Dr. Seuss!  Fascinating that he won a bet that he couldn't write a children's book in 50 words or less!!!!  I guess that's why he has so many crazy words in his books!
 i have a lot of Dr. Seuss books as well. they have been passing down from my sister's kids to mine.  Really like them
 ya I agree, can you believe the car was invented over 100 years ago? It was first patented back in 1886
 I think you're right about Mercedes-Benz, but no the name Cadillac comes from the french discoverer Cadillac, he discovered detroit
 well old cars had wooden trunks in the back to carry their stuff, and the name just kind of stuck I guess
 haha ya I don't know how Jann became a professional racecar driver just from playing it, ya he beat 90k people but videogames aren't the same as real racing
 haha good point! did you know that President Buchanan actually had a boyfriend? I didn't know that
 haha thats an interesting way to do it, did you know that Chicago being called the Windy City was because of the boastful politicians and not from actual wind lol
 ya thats true, why do you think that Kentucky politicians must swear that they have never been in a duel before they begin working, that seems outdated haha
 He did make a lot for Reebok, but they still didn't sell as well as Jordans. 
 Yeah he has. He's the highest paid celebrity right now, but Judge Judy is right on is coattails. 
 She makes $123,000 per episode. 
 Yes, they do.  I read an interesting statistic the other day that said 5 years after retirement 60% of NBA players are broke.
 Really? how can they go broke after winning so much money lol I guess its good that Allen Iverson signed a life time deal with Reebok then, 
 He was a smart man.  It also said that 2 years after retirement, 78% of NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress.
 Wow that is a big number, I wonder why, 
 IDK, poor management, I'd guess.  
 Yes, Lebron James once turned down a $ 10 million offer from Reebok when he was 18, when asked why he said because maybe Adidas or Nike would pay him more.  He was right, in less than a year he signed a deal with Nike for $ 90 million.  
 Apparently, he's able to remember exact in- game scenarios in basketball games he has played throughout his career over the years.
 Yes.  He was so hate din 2012 that even a captured Al- Qaeda member wrote letters expressing his disgust at his decision to go to the Miami Heat. Lol
 That would be sweet!  I would have loved that!
 Yes. That is a strange one. I mean he's very popular and a good player but paying him until he is 55 seems questionable.
 I know they sell a lot of shoes.  But, do they really make that much money to be able to afford $800,000 a year and then a 32 million lump sum payment?  Seems crazy to me.
 Nowadays players wear all kinds of crazy shoes. He did of course still wear them, but was fined every time. Nike paid the fines!
 LOL... that is crazy!  Must be nice being that enabled!
 Yeah, i would imagine so... playing in the same league, same state!
 OMG yeah!  LOL... that's funny!   Hope he's a good actor!
 Well Iverson signed an amazing deal. He has a lifetime endorsement with Reebok. It pays him $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 That would have been a great investment to get in on. By the way, shockingly Judge Judy was the highest paid celebrity above James!
 I can understand why. Apparently it's a good town to be a basketball player because both Curry and James were born in Akron, OH. 
 For sure. Hopefully they do a good job. I did not realize how popular Lebron was in high school, I know he was drafted from HS but his games used to attract 1750 people and could cost over $100!
 Slightly, he is the highest paid of all celebrities. He has so much money, more than and one person needs.
 On his team or in the league. That is crazy if its on his team. An nba mvp making less than the rest of the starters. I dont believe it.
 Yes!  I am not an active user of Reddit, but have a few times.  They sure do have a bunch of visits, 542 million a month.  
 It is toxic, I agree with you it has become a big company though, now worth $104 billion!!
 Oh wow! That's an insane amount for a social network. I'm sure it's from the billion ads that I see every time I go there. 
 180 calories??? I hate horror movies but may make them part of my workout routine.
 Watching deer die can be a horrific experience for a small child. I'm trying to remember if it had any of the creepy metallic noises in it. They use an instrument I'd never heard of called the Waterphone to create that noise
 I hope so. There are so many talented cinematographers that they need to be recognized.
 I have not heard of him. I wonder if he was as handsy as Stanley Kubrick, who just took the camera from his guy...
 That would be so disappointing!
 Oh wow I didn't know that. That's pretty cool. Did you know Reggie Miller had a sister who was better at basketball than he was?
 HAHA....that's pretty funny. Tim Duncan opted out of going straight to the NBA from high school and went to college for 4 years.
 Oh very cool - good for him for keeping the promise and getting his education.
 No, I didn't, I sucked at layups, free throws, and three pointers. Lol Granny style shooting looks funny, you don't see many people doing it.
 My grandkids loved the first Space Jam movie, I'll have to take them to see this new one.  Lebron is not only talented in basketball but very smart as well.  Did you know he rejected an offer from Reebok for $10 million when he was 18 years old and turned around a year later and got a deal from Nike worth $ 90 million?
 Wow, me either.Hard to believe they make so much, but 60% of the average players in the NBA five years after retirement are broke.
 Never saw those. Danny, the boy from Shining, had no idea he was in a horror film.
 Sometimes the wives of get treated unfairly. What about Nike's bad pitch to Curry?
 I don't have a preference either but dogs are so smart. They and elephants are the only animals that can naturally understand pointing.
 Hah, yeah, heard it was in their code of conduct!
 That sounds a bit messed up though since dogs can't consent to donate haha!
 That's neat! And it encourages people to recyle plastic bottles as well.
 I just recently learned that as well. I wonder why we always thought they were color blind!
 That'd be a deal breaker for me honestly, not a big fan on cats
 You too!  It's not letting me close it for some reason.
 I had no idea about Clint Eastwood! I thought it was interesting that Pakistan has a top jazz orchestra right now. I never would have associated jazz music with Pakistan.
 Really! Well, good for him for going back. Especially with that much fame and money.
 That's amazing. NBA players make an insane amount of money. I think Allen Iverson signed a contract that would pay him $800,000 a year until he retired and received $32,000,000!
 No I didn't know that either. Crazy to think he was born in 1986, and is also Canadian 
 Yes I agree with you. It's interesting that he only graduated high school at the age of 25. I'm sure that his high school was rough as you mentioned.
 Yes I listen to Jazz sometimes. I think I first heard it in one of Clint Eastwood's movies, apparently he has scored several of his films with jazz that he personally wrote
 I like Clint Eastwood's movies! reminds me of my dad. You know who else was big on Jazz? Tupac Shakur! I would have never guess, he was a big rapper in my day.
 I didn't know that he likes jazz. Thought he only liked rap. I'm a programmer though and there is a programming language you can write that will have a jazz like Harmony if it is functioning correctly, I should try that
 Did he ever put on jazz concerts though? There's a woman in Harlem who does free jazz concerts at her apartment, she's been doing it for 20 years, that's impressive
 Haha that's a good question. I'll have to listen to some jazz music though, and check out this new Pakistani Jazz Orchestra, they're apparently topping all of the charts
 Haha yeah jazz is great, I also didn't know that trumpeters would grow goatees because it made playing the trumpet more comfortable, maybe I'll have to grow one if I ever take up the trumpet
 It is cool to see that it's popular in other countries now too. There's even a popular jazz orchestra in Pakistan
 I like the fact that Ball recorded a track to go after his friend.  That's showing commitment to the cause.
 Interesting that Ving Rhames was held at gunpoint for entering his own home.  Scary though
 It's a hard job.  I think it's a good Idea they had an event for people to get to know their neighbors.  It's not like people know neighbors too well anymore.
 I like watching it and playing.  Kareem abdul-jabbar was quite a player but his dunk got banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 The inventor basketball interestingly is the only losing coach in university of kansas's history.  I wonder when it was invented?
 Yes, but I guess successes are in ways different than we can imagine.  Must be hard to make it to basketball pros when they only need five players for a team.
 Istanbul has vending machines that release food and water for stray dogs in the city
 It is sad.  Google prefers dogs in their code of conduct
 That is odd!!!  Apparently dogs arent color blind, they just cant see as many colors as us.
 I didn't know that.  I wonder why I thought otherwise.  
 Nice. did you know people fantasy draft the national spelling bee?
 That's so true, I thought last season was going to be the final one, so I was happy to see it still on tv. Jim Parsons is a friend of our families, we grew up together.
 Oh wow, that is very cool. I love that show. I do prefer Dramas over all other genres.
 A couple of years ago She played along with her mom in that movie called "Ricki", it's about a washed up Rock Star that makes a comeback.  It was really good.
 Meryl looks so young still, it's hard to believe that her first award was in 1976!
 That's gotta be a record, right? That sounds like fantasy to me!!
 I love ballet shoes. Hang them from your car mirror and people thing you are athletic. In my case, that is fiction, but it is fiction easily grasped, not like that 15145 page fantasy manuscript written by a janitor.  Hey, it's that the movie you want to be starring Meryl Streep and Michael Caine?
 Yeah that's true they also walk a lot more and that's why they're not as sedentary. If you live in South Africa go ahead and put a flamethrower on your car because it's legal.
 Yes that is an interesting reference but I don't understand. The car brand Cadilac was named after the French explorer who founded Detroit. Doesn't sound French to me LOL.
 Beverly Hills Cop 3? It was just another BHC. It was awful though.
 Wow. I am surprised Eminem has so many Oscars. It must be more for music than acting. He is nowhere close to Walt Disney, though.
 I have not watched that show but it must be good. The actor earns 700,000 dollars an episode
 I thought he was the richest and Batman makes even less only $80 billion/
 I don't know why I typed Panda I wanted to type handed lol, anyway yes that is crazy and so is the fact that there is a candy desk in the Senate LOL that sounds delicious right now
 I could go for a Milky Way right now LOL! It's crazy though that women couldn't wear pants in the Senate until 1993 that seems not that long ago to me
 1993, that seems unreal!! It wasn't that long ago. I assumed  before 1993 they could.
 Yes it is shocking. They had to Stage a protest apparently in order to get the ability to wear pant suits
 I use it sometimes, I mostly use it for birthdays though LOL what about you? Did you know that myspace actually turned down an offer to buy Facebook
 Yep that would have been a bargain because back in 2012 they were actually valued at 100 billion dollars and it's probably more today haha
 I bet it is too! I didn't know Mark Zuckerburg was color blind with red-green!
 No I didn't know that either! Apparently that's why Facebook is mostly blue which I always wondered why that was
 I do as well. Did you know Myspace once turned down an offer to buy them out for $75 million?
 I would be so angry at myself. The like button is illegal in one of the German states which is really odd.
 I did not, but I heard if you unfriend 10 people, they would give you a free Whopper.
 Me too. Facebook is blue because Zuckerburg is colorblind and can't see red-green.
 I saw they were doing that through Facebook. Very strange I think.
 I think they do too. A single Google search is more computing power than it took to send Armstrong to the moon.
 I do too. Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast Android devices are moving.
 yup, and the first guy to buy some books on Amazon got a building named after him, cool!
 yes I think they walk up to 15 miles a day for work, that would definitely burn some calories!
 I didn't know that, I use that site almost every day, weird they bought them back in 1998
 did you know in the 50's that a judge wanted to ban a comic book because it had a black character?
 no I don't think so, I mean even Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction about hercules
 That's not enough to offset the buttered popcorn people eat, LOL. They also say horror movies make you appreciate abstract art more. Weird.
 Yes, I've read the book and seen the film several times. Apparently, the child actor didn't know it was a horror film when they were shooting it.
 ya I think so, it makes scary movies scarier I guess, I don't think they used it in the Shining though
 yes I like them, I think it's crazy that Jeff Bezos took a mountain and built a clock in it, I don't know why it needs to run for 10,000 years though
 ya I guess so, would you ever work for amazon? I guess in their warehouses a worker can get up to 15 miles of walking done in a day, that's quite a workout!
 ya, it would be a good workout but would get old fast, also amazon owns imdb apparently, I didn't know that
 thats a good point, I know youtube came out with 4k content, so it doesn't surprise me that netflix and youtube together make up half of all traffic!
 Yes, I heard there was a movie also. Did you know Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction?
 Yeah, Do you like horror films? Good to know you can burn calories while watching! lol
 Im really interested in stars that are cold enough to be touched.
 I used to read more before internet stole my brain.  Funny, only the most skilled readers in the middle ages could read silently. 
 That is strange! It too is funny in the 18th century reading novels was a moral panic! 
 I think I'm having a moral panic with everything that's going on these days.  "Old Hickory" never attended school and was helped to learn the R's by his wife.
 I know how your feel, everyday its something upsetting!!  Aww, I didn't know that is nice about Old Hickory!!
 Wow, a man wore 70 items of clothing in China to avoid a bagging charge.  Times must be tough over there.
 Really, I never heard of that!! 
 Did you know that people used to d o their laundry in Old Faithful?
 No, that's interesting. Makes sense, kind of. lol Did you know apple had a line of clothing in 1986? I never saw any of it.
 I don't remember it either.  I guess the plain grey shirt Zuckerberg wears costs him $300-$400?!  
 Ha, ha, ha that sound about right!! Yeah, would like to know the brand he is wearing?
 Very true, and we allow people to use them. Did you know gang fashion in China is layering shirts. lol
 That wouldn't work in Atlanta of Hotlanta as it is known.  I wonder if that guy in the Chinese airport was in a gang?
 Ha, ha, ha, that's what I was thinking, He was a gang member... Nothing new for him...In Hawaii, they dress so casual in office attire, instead of a suit, they wear the Aloha shirt.
 That seems really young! I didn't realize it has been around since 2004, that's 15 years already!
 Thats a long time. It's valued at 104 billion!
 Incredible. Myspace could have bought it for $75 million but they turned down the offer!
 I wonder why. Probably just one of those strict German rules. 
 Imagine what a mess it would be if America did something like that. 
 That would be awful! Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper.
 I bet that got them a lot of attention! I didn't know that Facebook was just for Harvard students at first. 
 That's an interesting fact. Facebook was the highest valued company for a newly listed public company. 
 That's amazing! In the beginning of Earth, days used to only be 5.5 hours long. 
 That's crazy to think about! 71% of the Earth is covered with water. 
 For sure. Did you know Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading list for 3 branches of the military?
 I haven't seen it actually. The world record for speeding reading was 4,700 words per minute.
 a line is around 15 words. that is 300 lines per minute. She must have hurt her hands tuning the pages that fast.  
 Haha for sure. There was a moral panic back in the 18th century because of the spread of novels.
 I do too. Did you know the pilgrims actually wore colorful clothing?
 I always thought that too. Maybe the history books need to be updated lol.
 Most definitely. Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea, but their tags say China.
 I have always loved Halloween. I have heard during Comic Con Hugh Jackman walked around in full wolverine costume unnoticed.
 I find it amusing that Gilligan aka Bob Denver dresses in full Gilligan costume to let make-a-wish kids rescue him from an island.
 Even though the average age is 68 for a FOX news viewer, I still watch because they only run on 55% opinion.
 Oh, that is ironic considering his popularity. Although it is a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.
 I would agree with that.  I would have thought it would be the other way around as well.
 He doesn't want to star in any movies that don't project positivity. So I guess just comedies from now on.
 I thought it would be the cast of Friends, but Hugh Laurie beat them with earning 700,000 per episode!
 Too big of a cast to pay all them well! If you like dramas there's a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free.
 I have not but I have always meant to get around to it. I hear it's fantastic and I like the cast. Interesting that they used the costume from Starship Troopers. I never would have guessed that. That movie is a whole lot of fun. 
 I just read the most interesting thing about pandas the other day, apparently their stomachs can't digest bamboo well, but they eat it anyway cause they like it.
 Yeah...lol.... What's funnier is when a black person (like Hall) says Santa will always be white and doesn't want a black santa.  Comedians have sets about that, but seems out of place on a talk show / semi news.
 Yeah, I agree. Intentions are hard to tell, though, especially when the news tells you the intention, without having any idea. lol
 Hi, you used to love him?  You don't think he's the GOAT? Lol
 Oh my! My wife would not be happy, man. I better just stick to the video games.  Lol
 I did not know that it was created near where I used to live for 25 years (San Bruno, California).
 Those are a lot of features - mostly we can use them for free.   We have to watch ads but I think it's okay.  
 It is cool.  I'm surprised that YouTube did not complain or sue for any reason.  I want to see the blutube.
 OMG really? I never knew that. There are also legless lizards that basically look just like snakes. 
 I guess that flying snake makes more sense now, 
 Yes there are you gotta be careful. The snake jaws have several joints which allow them to swallow such large prey.
 Haha. Yes I do. Luckily I never saw Creed apparently they were not great.
 Yeah sounds like it. Croatia would be a fun place to see a concert. They have an ancient Roman amphitheater!
 Yes it would. Another ancient roman amphitheatre is in pmpeii where pink floys had a recorded concert. 
 What?! I wonder whose standard that's according too. I certainly don't think that's accurate. I'm sure we could both name a ton of better albums.
 I think it can save money but will leave a lot of people who cant afford food without it.
 I think he makes snap judgements without really thinking. They say this program he wants to replace food stamps will cut what people get in half
 True, if he listened to what people said like how people cancel meal programs like Harvest Box because they are too expensive he would realize they will not work.
 That is true. Should be shutting it down soon. They say the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France. Maybe he should go there.
 Maybe go back to dial up so his tweets will take longer to post. George Bush put solar panels back in white house I am sure trump will remove them.
 Probably would. What surprises me is that all the security at the White House and in 2011 it took them 4 days to realize bullets had struck the white house.
 That could be it. I did not know a seahorse was the only fish to have a neck. I find that interesting.
 Yes and the black swallower can also add something twice it's weight . That sounds pretty crazy.
 And the zebrafish has 84% of the genes known to be associated with human disease. I don't eat fish so I'm not too worried.
 That is crazy! Have you heard of legless lizards?
 There are no snakes in New Zealand. I should go there.
 I have never heard of that! That is unique. 
 Yea, that's pretty crazy, so is Bob Marley's Legend album being on the album chart for over 914 weeks
 yup a lot of interesting people for sure, did you know congress members have subway lines exclusive for their use in DC?
 ya did you hear that repubs and dems play an annual baseball game?
 ya I don't know they must, but ya Republicans are up by 3 games overall which is interesting
 what is surprising to me is that youtube is the 2nd largest search engine, second to google probably
 oh for sure, crazy that it started back in 2005, that seems so long ago
 ah yes I did know that, also their like button is somehow Illegal in one of the German states, weird
 ya, if you unfriend 10 people you got a free whopper, pretty funny!
 No, but I think it would be neat to see. Every President has lived there since 1800!
 It's funny that they are advanced enough to have solar panels but still use floppy discs. 
 Yeah! Apparently they still use floppy discs to store some files!
 I have no idea! I guess they're out of touch on a lot of things. They didn't know bullets hit the White House in 2011 until four days later. 
 You would think the Secret service would be a bit more aware!
 Exactly! It's strange to think the White House is where the President lives AND works. I wouldn't want to live at my job. 
 Well, that's true, I guess a lot of people technically live where they work! Speaking of government, did you know a man in France sold the Eiffel Tower twice while pretending to work for their government?
 Very true! Governments have a lot of power, ours owns 86% of Nevada's land for example. 
 Nice, sounds fun. Did you know that there are species of fish that can eat prey twice their size?
 I'd like to see what they look like after a meal.  Like I feel after Thanksgiving.  
 Is a jellyfish a fish?  I heard there is one that is immortal!
 Yeah that is the one species of jellyfish that scientists have been studying for so long trying to crack their secret. I guess sometimes it is hard to tell what a fish is, like the seahorse.
 they must have studied them for so long. same as they do a lot of experimenting with zebra fish. 
 Speaking of science and up to date technology, it turns out the White House still uses floppy disks.  to store date.  
 Old school but there must be a good reason for it. speaking of the white house, it has twin buildings in ireland and france. 
 I do not know actually and I wonder also who lives there. Well good you got a chance to see it now. Apparently Roosevlet banned them from the white house
 That is a  lot of money. On the other hand the US government has really shifted their focus towards protecting their employees from prosecution if they violate geneva conventions
 I wonder if it's against the Geneva Convention to see national monuments.  A man in France pretended to work for the government and sold the Eiffel Tower, not once but twice!
 'd like to think of Bush up there installing them himself, with his tool belt on and cursing as things don't go right. You'd think it would be a Democrat putting up solar. 
 I had a corn snake as a pet. It never bit me. Did you know there are no snakes in New Zealand?
 LOL. That's funny that monkeys have a fear of snakes. I saw that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than they are to snakes and lizards.
 I agree. There is a species of flying snake that can actually launch themselves at prey.
 Me too. Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. 
 They are one of my favorite bands too. Stinks that Chester killed himself.
 Yep, I love listening to Linkin Park. Did you know that in 1974 Pink Floyd played a live concert in Pompeii?
 Linkin Park's hybrid theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 I cant believe MySpace didnt buy them back in 2005. 
 It was a major mistake by Myspace indeed, why would they turned down that offer is beyond my understanding.
 Yeah!!! Long time ago indeed. Well it was nice chatting with you. I hope you have a great evening!!!
 Yep I agree with you. I wonder if Earth days will keep getting longer, when the Earth was first formed a day was only about six hours long.
 Nope it'll be a sad day! It's also sad how humans have only existed on this planet for a short time, humans would be about 1 minute if Earth's entire history existed for 24 hours
 Yep I agree with you. I think it's silly though that the United Nations has an ambassador to extraterrestrials, that guy has a very easy job lol
 That's a good question! It seems like a very pointless job. How often do you dance by the way? Bruce Lee was apparently a great dancer
 Yeah he was. He won a Cha-Cha championship in 1958, he was definitely very quick on his feet lol
 that is cool. and sadly more than 80% of the forests have been destroyed
 Cool! And the earth's magnetic field direction reverses every 200,000 to 300,000 years.
 did you know UN appointed an amabassador in case extreterrestrials evern make contact with us?
 It was tap dancer Bill Bailey!
 wow interesting. even bruce lee was a dancer
 oh cool. and of all people, tupac was a dancer, do you know what kind?
 actually it was ballet.
 Hee. Did you know the Nintendo Entertainment System could only provide 54 colors.  I hardly noticed...
 That's very cool. Did you know Britain bred chickens for entertainment and not food back around 50 BC?
 I am not a chicken expert lol. That's interesting. All the way back to 542 million years ago?
 I grew up with Nintendo. Hard to believe how much technology has changed over the years.
 I agree. Did you know Bill Nye got his break from a contest?
 I would say no, but that cracks me up Reagan was turned for a role because of that. I bet the person that turned him down feels like an idiot.
 Hindsight is 20-20 my friend haha. Us humans haven't gotten out of our animal brains. I mean we still have hiccups - and that's from when our ancestors had gills!
 I agree. Do you like animals?
 I know it was much shorter - something like six hours long.
 I am uncertain, but you know what I do believe in?   Dance!
 I have liked the Cha-Cha since I learned Bruce Lee was an expert.
 Not so much, but I am surprised that they can go through 4 pairs of shoes every week!
 I try.     Did you know that there are more Libraries than McDonald's in the United States!
 I think they are trying the idea in Sacramento.    Pretty cool if you need something only once in awhile.
 Ah very interesting. Does Barnum and Bailey still have their circus?? I think that was what it was called. 
 No. Which article? What did it say. 
 Do you do these hits often? I'm curious. I have participated in about two of these. 
 Yes surprising. Would love to ride a horse. Such beautiful animals. 
 For sure. Been nice chatting. Merry Xmas. 
 seriously? had no idea, that seems like very little
 yeah, apparently. I used to play it a lot, but not anymore. 
 seriously? he doesn't look anything like him. I wonder who was those judges were, haha
 most likely, yeah. When i get drunk I tend to gamble, mostly on horse racing. did you know that icelandic horses have a fifth speed? They can speed walk!
 yeah, horses are facinating. they have actually evolved over the last 45-55 million years. they used to be small multi-toed creatures
 Yeah, one or twice, it's really fun actually. Interesting. he's been in so many movies with horses, from my memory, so that surprises me
 I am not a huge fan either but listen to it sometimes. Did you know tupac's music is in the library of congress
 Oh he's super talented then because his lyrics are like poetry and dramatic stories with very catchy tunes. Poetry was once considered an olympic sport, if Eminem competed, I think he'd win a lot of awards!
 Oh wow! That must be really easy to learn then! Japanese seems really graceful even their alphabet is elegant! Japanese artists wouldn't have to worry about Walmart not selling their albums because if an artist refuses to make a clean version of their album, Walmart won't sell it.
 that's creative, Korean rappers invented a new type of rap called compliment battle. 
 I agree that rapping is definitely a form of poetry just vary different than how we think of poetry. We need to open our minds to more than just shakespeare type work.
 Yes I also think it is done far too little. Did you know that Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi book on the reading list for three out of five military branches? What a strange book to pick. 
 I wonder that also. A woman named Anne Jones holds the record for speed reading. She can read 4700 words per minute. That's insane!
 That's so strange. That's a good question. I learned a while ago that people always used to read out loud which is super strange to me. 
 Did you know that LeBron James wants to make a new "Space Jam" movie? 
 Very true! Drake actually made a video and posted it online saying he's going to make a song for LeBron. Very cool!
 Oh Wow! I didn't know that. He's an awesome person. I forgot he was in the teen drama DeGrassi too. 
 He stopped to visit Drake University in the middle of the night That's cool. Drake University is in Iowa. 
 Born and raised in Ottumwa....almost to the Missouri border where are you from?
 I didn't either. Did you have any famous people from Ottumwa? Lebron James is the kid from Akron. 
 I don't know if we have anyone really famous from Knoxville. I didn't know that Drake visited Drake University. I wonder if any other famous people have visited there. 
 cool! Did you know NBA players are the world's best paid athletes by average annual salary per player. How awesome is that. I love basketball.
 Yeah, that book was meant for prisoners or those who are isolated from society
 Yeah, it's a cost effective intervention too that could help prisoners succeed in society.
 Yea, I don't know if that's more crazy than Kim Jong-Un having a degree in Physics
 Wow, I didn't know that. I never thought physics could explain where the universe came from, but apparently it would not violate physics from coming from nothing.
 Yeah. They will have to give up a ton for him. NO didn't like the first proposal. Many think LA doesn't have the talent to get the trade done.
 LeBron James is not only a phenomenal player, but did you know he has a photographic memory as well? He is able to replay every game and every scenario he has ever experienced
 I wonder if you could watch netflix or youtube on the peak of mt. everest because they have 3g service there.
 The library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet saved. I didn't even know you could save the entire thing! Did you?
 Yeah, I understand he recently celebrated his 30,000 career point!  That's quite a feat!
 Speaking of LeBron, did you know he got a $90 million endorsement offer from Nike?  Can't believe how much NBA players make just from SHOES.
 They say he makes more money than Judge Judy and she clears $123,00 per episode!  Can only imagine what he makes a game!
 Yeah, and they probably figured the exposure was worth whatever they had to pay!
 Well, you know, it was a risk, but I think it ultimately paid off.  I mean, something could happen to your body and ruin your athletic career but knowledge stays with you (for the most part).  
 The white stripes are great! They're one of the most prominent rock bands in the world.
 Yeah. Seems weird that a husband and wife with a drum set and guitar would be that great.
 Not that much. He gained recognition as an actor on the degrassi series.
 Impressive! He played a paraplegic teen who pursues a music career.
 He was a late bloomer. Didn't graduate high school until he was 25!
 I cannot believe he has 7 number one albums. I had not clue he had that many albums!
 Thats more than I thought. He also had a cameo in biebers "baby" music video.
 No I never knew that. That is surprising. The first moonwalk ever recorded was performed by a tapdancer in 1955!
 Yes well Michael Jackson definitely made it famous! There's even an episode of Mr. Rogers where he learned to breakdance. Everyone loves to dance.
 That is so funny! There are ballet slippers that make drawings from dancers movements. That would be cool to see.
 Yeah that is very costly indeed. Emilia Clark who acted in the game of thrones did the funky chicken at her audition!
 Yeah that was really terrible it was a shame to see them go out like that. Another big selling record was the Darkside of the moon even though it first came out quite a long time ago.
 I assume you accidentally pressed send LOL. I also like listening to Drake who is actually from Canada.
 Yeah I actually liked him when he first came out but I don't like his new stuff. He apparently likes children's classic books because he spent a ton of money on first additions while touring in the UK.
 Yeah I love Bruce Lee and think the kung fu genre is pretty cool. I had no idea he was a championship dancer back in 1958.
 Yeah good question. I think it's funny he portrayed the mouse king in the nutcracker.
 oh no. it is a widely watched sport though
 wow. there is a team in new zelands that is called the black talls
 You won't hear that phrase in during a golf tournament. Right?
 nope you won't. the us supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor
 Yeah it is called the highest court in the land. I wonder if people who work they use it a lot
 for sure. babe ruth was apparently the most famous golfer in the us once
 No kidding?  I wonder if he ever played in the golf course located in Antarctica?
 THat would have been something. Golf courses though soak up too much water, not too good
 interesting. some people like samuel jackson are so dedicated to gold they sign a contract that allows them to play golf twice a week during production
 I have no idea. they must have golf courses there too. 
 That's just bonkers... do You know why ?
 Not sure.  But Facebook's Mark Zuckerburg is red-green colorblind
 Are You being born like that ?
 I guess so.  Burger King even had a Facebook promotion.  If you unfriended 10 people you'd get a free whopper.
 what do You mean ;) does that mean You have no Facebook account ?
 no way... domesticated animals don't change their fur because of that... 
 Wow... is myspace still around ? Did You ever had an account ?
 Did you know there are 20 quintillion individual animals on earth? I just learned that fact.
 Yes, that's true. You know what I just learned? Eddie Van Halen played the guitar for "beat it" and he set the studio speakers on fire while playing!
 Whoa! He's very creative to do that. Some people can't even put together Ikea furniture! Did you know matthew bellamy holds the record for most guitars smashed on tour? Brian May could probably put them back together again.
 They are! He must have a lot of finger control in order to do that.
 Yeah I like Tim Duncan, I was shocked that he didn't jump right into the NBA and instead stayed to finish his degree
 Oh wow I didn't know that. I also didn't know that Allen Iverson makes so much money from the Reebok sponsorship, $800,000 per year
 Yeah some songs are better than others. She actually cofounded a youth singing group at age 10!
 Very cool and good for her. I saw she was hit by a puck when she was 5 years old.
 Yes and that makes her the first fan hit by a puck at the florida panthers arena!
 That's crazy. She has an anthem dedicated to women that was written by 3 men. 
 That is kind of ironic. Although she kind of looks hispanic, she is actually of Italian heritage.
 She does look Hispanic. I had no idea she was Italian. 
 Yes and actually her real full name is Ariana Grande Butera.
 Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu is called a hamburger button?
 I have heard people can become addicted to the internet. 
 Yes and I believe it. There is internet everywhere, even on Mt. Everest.
 That's just crazy. I heard they have 3g service at the peak.
 I bet some celebrity has. I saw Pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities.
 It's crazy! They make so much you'd think they'd be set for life. But it's also crazy how Stephen Curry is only the fourth highest paid player on his own team!
 Wow, that is crazy. Know another crazy fact, Spencer Haywood would be a billionaire today but he chose not to take a stake in Nike!
 They are very good. Did you know Reggie Miller has a sister who is better at basketball than he is?
 I bet lol. Air Jordan's were banned in the NFL, but Jordan refused to stop wearing them so Nike paid the fine.
 I agree. Tim Duncan stayed in college and got his degree instead of going straight to the NBA.
 I would have too. That was definitely a risk.
 I do not really follow the NBA though I do have to say that the warriors are my favorite team.
 I guess they were founded in 1946 in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Then they relocated to San Francisco in 1962
 Somehow they earned 12 million dollars after losing game 4. This was last year. Can you explain how that's possible haha I just don't get it
 No I haven't. Is he good at basketball? I also didn't know that the Golden State Warriors play their games at Oracle Arena and one year it was booked so they had to play their final game somewhere else haha
 I like to listen to live jazz. I guess trumpeters don't only use goatees for style. It is to provide comfort when playing.
 It would still be stylish! A harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for twenty years. Sounds interesting. Sometimes top performers stop by.
 That actually sounds cool. I wonder if your neighbors are ok with that though haha. I could see things getting really loud. And yeah the Pakistani Jazz Orchestra is topping the charts right now. Although I've never heard of them
 Yeah I have never heard of them either. I guess there are even programming languages that have jazz like harmonies!
 That is one crazy fact! She was also caught licking the display donuts at a donut shop!
 I'm using the internet.  Apparently, only 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product on the internet.
 Yes he did. It was with Reebok. $800,000 a year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000. That's an amazing deal. 
 100%! Although not everyone values money more than everything else. Tim Duncan actually stayed in college all four years rather than go to the league early to make more money,
 That's funny haha, maybe the Warriors should have Steph Curry start shooting that way.
 I didn't! That's interesting, he must be worse of a player. I think a lot of the brothers of players on the Warriors did the same too!
 Yeah, I wonder why he is not paid more, he is definitely the star of the team!
 True, but I still see Curry as the star. Did you know that the Warriors earned 12 million dollars after losing one game of the NBA finals?
 I agree, and that was for losing one game. Imagine how much they made from winning a game!
 Ah, Ariana was the very first person to get hit by a puck from the florida panthers arena!
 Ariana is also italian. Her middle name is grande which means big in french
 Yeah. Speaking about the internet, did you know that you can have 3g of cell service at the top of Mount Everest?
 I wonder how they are updating it then. The internet is so vast and it changes all the time
 $100,000 dollars! whaaaaaat! thats a total waste of money, they also bought a really expensive apartment
 Her song that's famous for it's female empowerment was actually written by three men. They must be talented songwriters
 Hi. Did you know Ariana Grande is not hispanic? She's Italian.
 Her Dangerous Woman hit was wrote by men, lol.
 I've never seen her act, but I'll take you word on that. She raised $13,000 for the Manchester Bombing victims, her heart seems in the right place.
 That's funny and ironic. No, I read where 7% of users actually read the TOS and that figure strikes me as high. I'd be surprised if it was 1%.
 I guess only LeBron James makes more than she does.
 Yes I really enjoy basketball, I like playing it and watching it. My favorite player is Allen Iverson, he even managed to secure a lucrative endorsement deal with Reebok worth more than $50 million!
 Oh wow, and now they can add basketball games to that list! Do they host jazz concerts there? Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast and he even scored several films, as if he wasn't talented enough already!
 Michael Jordan because he was courageous enough to leverage his fame and wear Air Jordan's on the court even though they were banned.
 Agreed, something that a lot of people don't know is that Reggie Miller, who is an NBA Hall of Famer, has a sister who is also very good at basketball. She even broke 8 national records by scoring 105 points!
 Don't think she's in the WNBA, but with those stats, I think she should. She definitely has earned bragging rights with scoring 40 points in one game and breaking 8 national records!~
 Nice. Yeah although I wouldn't complain, they still make a pretty penny. Hard to believe it's been around since 1946!
 Oh interesting. Some players make a lot. Iverson is going to receive 32 million at age 55 from Reebok!
 Good publicity for them! Physicists showed that shooting granny style provided the best technique for free throws but it looks so stupid no one uses it!
 True. Makes sense Lebron was one of the,. Irving also makes sense but Bogut is kind of a surprise.
 Oh yeah the Curry's and the Thompson's! Amazing how genes make some siblings so talented.
 Nice name The Cow Palace lol. The Warriers were initially founded in Philly but moved to the bay area in 1962.
 There probably is one. I always find it ironic when a company declines an offer like that and ends up out of business while the other company succeeds. Netflix was started in 1997, but I don't remember hearing much about it until years later
 That will be huge for country music. Gen Z is expected to have up to $143 billion in spending power. Talk about some serious dough! 
 She showed so much promise that her parents were invited to LA to meet with music executives when she was 12.
 It even crossed into sports! In 1996, NFL players were featured in an album called NFL Country singing along with current country music stars.
 I don't think of U2 at all when I think of country music, even though it is often mixed with Irish and Celtic tunes and English ballads. I usually think of working class Americans when I think of country.
 That seems like a lot, but since 1989 I guess the most of them have been successful.
 HI, there. The grossest act was finally kicked of America's Got Talent! 
 Exactly, well said! I don't want to see grown men spitting water on my 70 inch tv, yuck! That isn't even comedy to me. Its just poor taste and manners.
 Yes, Bill Murray has the perfect dead pan face. I like the classics even those black and white movies.
 I didn't know that about ET! WOW! I love that movie so much!
 That is really odd. It's such an iconic fixture of rock now.
 Yes, it's amazing how young she was when she became famous. Probably the most successful female "country" of all time.
  This seems hard to believe, kind of like how an Iphone has more computing power than the entire US ICBM deterrent.
 Why not satellite?
 Yea, I like the Shinning, the boy who played Danny didn't even know he was in a horror film
 Wow! You are a great concert goer. You must hold some type of record like the Ramones. They played a total of 2263 concerts.
 A band that comes pretty close to that record is Linkin Park. They played 324 concerts in one year alone!
 I agree. One band I am glad I never saw is Creed. They played a concert so terrible in 2002 that 4 concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.
 Well no one got to see them in 1972 when they recorded a live concert in an ancient roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience.
 That is so cool. I would love to see a band in a venue like that. In Croatia they still use a Roam amphitheater for concerts.
 And we talked about Linkin Park before. Their album Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 I thought it was good. I like that one too. Did you know Air Travel is 10% slower today? 
 Wow I didn't know that, do you know why? Maybe it's because it's better overall fuel economy? I want to ride the dutch bus that travels at 160 miles per hour by the way LOL
 I agree! I would definitely ride it haha. Have you ever traveled around the world? The first king to travel around the world was the king of Hawaii
 That is kind of interesting. Have you ever been to Iceland by the way? They don't have a real service, so they actually just take planes between some of the major towns, that's very wild haha
 Um...no.  
 I did.  It is crazy to think about what celebrities think they can get away with.
 That is so cool. Nice chat today
 Robin Williams, the man has been involved in everything I think.
 I did not know that, that is so cool. Did you know that Pixar has a secret room that celebrities can visit?
 Yeah, the only person that gets paid higher than her is Lebron James.
 Really?  How much money does he make?
 I have no idea but that is a lot of money if he is making more than her.
 Yeah some of them have become really popular and rich.
 Wow. The US government made plans to destroy wikileaks and wikileaks leaked those documents themselves.
 That is mind blowing, they are such a rich country still. The Norwegian gov't donated one billion dollars to protect the rainforests in amazon
 I agree, I want to try it. Its free too! 
 Yes, pretty good! Hugh Laurie got $700.00 per epidsode! Wow!!
 At the time it was! and still is very funny!!Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy!
 Wow. And then Bill Murray, he is so funny. Apparently he thinks that kung fu hustle is the best comedy of modern ages.
 Yeah. Sometimes you nenver know with careers. Demetri Martin dropped out of Harvard Law to become a comedian.
 Wow that sure is a hard decision, I bet his parent became mad because of it.
 Yes I do like Game of Thrones. I can't wait for the new season to start in April! it's crazy that the lyrical style of the drama was actually created back in 335 BC
 Yeah I would imagine they're doing fine. I also Imagine That Jim Carrey is fine making only comedies from now on and not dramas, apparently dramas are not as positive and so he wanted to stop making them
 Yes I agree with you. And I also agree with Michael Caine, when he started acting he was just doing it to me cute girls apparently LOL I can't blame him for that
 Yeah he was great in that show. Also one of his former students was Erin from the office which is interesting
 Well, I just learned that New Yorks area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I also learned today that Minnie Mouse's real name is Minerva Mouse. I think that was a good change.
 That's great that they wanted to be so accurate. Disney is always doing the best to be accurate. When they made the movie Big Hero 6 they used a 55000 core supercomputer!
 I am not sure. It is impressive that they started it in October 1923 and how big is has grown almost a hundred years later.
 I have been many times, but only after I heard about that! As a kid I loved the movie Flubber and liked the remake as well. It's fun that Bill Nye was a consultant on it.
 me too, where would we be without that invention! Did you know an iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear ICBM deterrent system?
 Yes, so you know how slow they were! The fastest area code to dial was 212 so it was given to New York.
 i guess that makes sense! Everyone was probably calling New York back then, especially businesses
 I do too. Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called the hamburger button?
 I found that out when I was making a website once ,I thought it was always just called the menu button!
 I agree. Did you know people can become addicted to the internet?
 I think so too. The library of Alexandria saves a copy of the internet in the event it were to burn down.
 That must take up a ton of space, I bet a lot of people would like some of the things they put online erased!
 I'm sure. Did you know there is 3g cell service at the peak of Mt. Everest?
 For sure lol. Only 7% of people actually read the full terms when buying a product online.
 I did not know that the band Whitesnake has had 50 members, that's a lot of turnover!
 That's a good one. Did you know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer?
 Yep, he did. Professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of ballet shoes per week.
 That's  interesting. I saw that Michael Jackson has a patent on one of his dance moves which uses a special device to lean very far.
 I bet. Tupac danced ballet in high school.
 I agree. YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet.
 That's a lot of bandwidth between the two of them! Justin Bieber's Baby song is the most disliked video on YouTube.
 I bet lol. Police have their own YouTube called BlueTube.
 That seems fun. It's good for foodies too!
 Well that is weird. Wonder why that is! I'll have to Google that. I feel like I might have a clicking link addiction, that's a real addiction by the way.
 Wow! And if we climb Mt. Everest we don't have to worry about losing service. There is 3g cell service and internet up there.
 That is funny! Nice chatting with you!
 Lol no, I didn't even know there was a thing as state rock song
 I have no clue, but over 50 member must mean they replaced more than 2 members a year
 I can barely get service up a hill yets Mt. Everest has better coverage
 For many, it won't take much space.  Poor ballet dancers and their feet.  They can go through up to 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week. 
 Hello! Do you play fortnite at all?
 Me neither but I heard the dances from that game are contagious!
 Yes I bet it is. You can't really fight dance like the movies haha.
 That is interesting. Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic. I wonder where Google is on that one.
 Oh I got you. Yes bad stuff. I didn't know police officers have their own form of youtube. I wonder what it's like.
 I need to stop being so boring and maybe I'll get there too. Have a good one!
 That is true! They got 3rd place in the first world cup in 1930
 Dark Side of the Moon! I have that one, too! Did you know that it was one of the best selling albums of 2014?
 It's too bad France won the last one in 2018, the world will never hear the end of it, though it was cool it was held in Russia.
 That is interesting, it seems Qatar has a lot of work to do then.  That is only 3 years from now.
 That's a lot of work to build a whole city in that amount of time.  I couldn't even imagine trying to do that!
 That's a cool idea.  Need more love in this world.
 Cool, I always liked Eight mile, Slim shady was the man!
 Me too. Did you know Starship Troopers is on the reading list for 3 different branches of the military?
 I didn't know it was a book either. The world record for speed reading was 4700 words per minute.
 That is very fast. There was a moral panic in the 18th century because of the spread of reading novels.
 Reading is very powerful. CS Lewis and Tolkien held a  you laugh you lose competition when reading terrible poetry!
 Yes I do! Clint Eastwood has a lot of horses in his movies but he is actually allergic to them.
 That's pretty funny. I wonder if he developed an allergy from being on them so much in his movies?
 Good question. I always wondered why Dalmatians are associated with firefighters, and it's because they would calm and protect the horses.
 That's really cool. I always wondered that too. 
 That's funny. Looks like it was called Tolt and is a form of speedwalking for horses.
 Interesting. Could imagine riding horses to school? A few high school students did that and they got suspended.
 Yes I do. It is so popular played by 250 million players and over 200 countries.
 I like it too. I heard they make more money than most sports combined worldwide. 
 Yes they make more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combine. Amazing! I really enjoyed chatting with you this morning.
 A sentence has around 10 words, that would mean around 8 sentences per second that is quite a lot of information.  
 I read mostly for pleasure, I don't feel the need to read faster. It is strange to think there was a time when people were worried that some were reading too much novels.  
 Yes, I have watched all the seasons I think it is a great show.
 Mine would be the "mountain" How about you?
 hi hows it going?  do you like comedy?  I just read somewhere that jack black was suppose to play The Green Lantern. 
 I bet he has.  I wonder whats inside it!  That would be kinda cool to visit.
 he was amazing as the genie in Aladdin!  Have you seen they are remaking Aladdin?  
 It looked kinda cool in the preview but now that I have seen some stills of it,  I don't think I will be too impressed with it.  Also,  I absolutely loved Robin Williams as the Genie, and I know Will Smith is funny too but he will never be the genie to me lol 
 he will get paid a ton of money I am sure.  Wow Judge Judy has been getting paid,  thats a nice pay check!  
 haha right!!  Maybe different ways like training your body to get use to eating nothing. lol like eat nothing while looking at sand,  now eat nothing while looking at the sky. 
 its probably just training videos or something.  I see a lot of business have their own channel now.  But yeah if its not training videos maybe information videos!
 I've seen that video,  it's not that bad lol 
 yeah theres got to be worse videos than that.  Also,  think of the money that went into making that video only to have the title the worse thing on Youtube lol
 haha right for Gangnam style. 
 Wow,  i think I read that somewhere.  Yeah they have a lot of turn over.  It was great chatting.  have a good one. 
 ya I can't wait either! what is crazy is that harry lloyd, the guy who played a targaryen is actually related to charles dickens, thats wild!
 oh ya I didn't like that guy either haha, also there is a character on game of thrones related to charlie chaplin, lots of talented-related people on that show for sure!
 haha I know, if they kill too many people then I won't have anyone to root for, did you know Arya is the fastest rising baby name in the usa?
 ah I haven't met one yet, did you know they film GOT mostly in ireland? that's why it looks so foreign to me I guess
 haha ya of all animals, do you eat fast food? i guess the drive through was invented in 1975, would have thought it happened earlier personally 
 love the internet. we get all the info from there. Love the customization of your produkts from there.
 love game of thrones.  The April date of the final seasn will be here in no time!
 ohhhhh i did not know that. so fitting.  I do wonder about his personal life. I know there was many specultion about it. But that could have jsut been all rumors 
 so long!  I find it funny and cool that we still say words and phrases he made up from years ago like good riddance..i say that often
 so cool how many of those were and still are beings translated in different languages across the world
 They, like elephants, also instinctively understand pointing. 
 Maybe you should opt for a pet shark? They can be trained to bark like dogs. 
 Yeah, that opposing thumb comes in handy.  If you are a sailor, like a dolphin, sharks could rescue you. 
 yes! I've seen it on Facebook. That's so nice what they do to care for the strays.
 Exactly. I did not know that Facebook likes are illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.
 Me too. Did you know that elephants can point like dogs?
 Yeah I gyess they are, you know they can also be trained to bark just like dogs, 
 OMG, were you swimming? Is that a big shark?
 That is insane!!! Oh my God!!! I heard that a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck. Is this correct?
 Yes I didn't even know about this with New Zealand. I guess I probably visit there since there are no snakes.
 It is said to be the hottest weather ever there!
 Cool! Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.
 that is cool, I miss Pluto haha, also crazy you could fit every planet in the solar system between the earth and our moon
 haha ok yes I think that might be way too hot for me there haha, I prefer to stay on Earth I think, you know how people call earth gaia sometimes? well I guess other names like that for Earth are tellus and telluris for some reason
 oh wow didn't know it was that many, haha did you know that google created a version called google moon? where you could look at the planets surface? apparently early versinos of it used pictures of cheese for the ultra close ups haha
 Hahaha that is so funny! No, I had not heard of Google moon. By the way, a single google search needs more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and the rest of the crew to the moon.
 that is crazy! more power in your cell phone then for sure! speaking of phones I have an android that is owned by google, did you know that google bought gmail.com from garfield? it was originally an email service provided by garfields website
 No, I didn't know that! So I guess your Android might tell Google maps how fast traffic is going on the road. That's how it calculates traffic.
 oh wow, ya I use Google and apparently google's servers use up 0.01% of the total world electricity, I can't decide if thats reallly high or really low haha
 I think it's pretty high since they are one company. Yikes! Hey, but they do go green in some ways. I think one time they mowed their lawn with goats instead of lawnmowers.
 haha well that's good of them, they do treat their new employees really weird though, they are called "nogglers" and have to wear propeller beanie hats when they work their first friday
 Hmm, interesting. I do wonder what niche they will get into next.
 Right! it would be amazing to see the planets up close. I was reading that Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise, and it doesn't tilt...very cool.
 Wow, really..that's insane. I didn't know Google headquarters is nicknamed the Googleplex that's cool. 
 That would be very cool to visit, and yes I did hear that! I bet that was a sight to see all of those goats lol.
 Haha, exactly my thoughts too. I know, reading is fascinating and reading is such a complex process it has so many interpretations depending on each individual reading the material.
 Oh wow, that's brave of you and respected! Did you know there is a speed reader who can read 4,700 words a minute...imagine that lol
 Did you know  baseball coach wearing a uniform because they are technically able to play the game
 Wow that is funny, I wonder if that has ever happened. Baseball seems like an interesting sport, I heard they can even employ pitchers who are missing fingers 
 Never heard about that fact.  
 I think so.  Did you know over 5 million people celebrating their victory in 2016
 I am a slow reader myself.  I cannot believe someone could read at a speech of 4700 words per minute
 You too.
 It's amazing that a small piece of card can gain so much in value.  I understand that collections can go for millions.
 I guess both of those curses have been shown to be ineffectual, or have a time limit.  In fact, based on those two teams, it seems it's good to have a curse associated with you right now.
 Yep I agree with you. apparently Pandora is still only available in the United States. I wonder why it's not at least in Canada
 Haha that's possible. I personally wouldn't pay for any of those Services. Especially since YouTube is free. Do you know who Aloe Blacc is? They received about $12,000 after their fans listened to their songs 168 million times
 Nope I'm agreeing with you there, I know they would make a lot more money just selling albums that many people for sure. Also Pandora has about a -16 million-dollar net income, which isn't good
 I am surprised about that. Even though they make about three hundred million dollars a year in Revenue. I guess they're still in the red. That doesn't bode well for their future. Did you know they also stream stand-up comedy?
 No I agree with you. It is kind of a point though, I definitely wouldn't pay for them especially if they had ads. Do you ever listen to Taylor Swift? I guess she only puts her music on Pandora, and took it off Spotify, I wonder why?
 Yeah I've seen her on there. Speaking of Spotify, what do you think that they have about four million songs that have never been played?
 LOL maybe that's true haha, the 4 million songs is actually about 20% of their entire catalog though, that's a real high number in my opinion
 Haha that's insane! I think my favorite is the band that released the silent album. They had their fans listen to the music when they were sleeping, basically at all times of day, and they used to the proceeds to fund a tour, that's pretty awesome!
 Yes I agree. I think it's crazy, how you can put a watermark in a song. That's how they can track if people are stealing their songs or not. Spotify uses musical water marks
 Eminem is interesting he really wanted to be a comic book artist.
 Also a judge rapped her ruling over a suit filed against Eminem
 yeah, how about two identical twins 100 years old putting out a rap album
 wow, and how about dark side of the moon released 40 years ago and one of the best selling albums in 2014
 i think that is awesome, amazing how you could fill a room with vinyl where the same amount of music can fit on your phone now 
 i bet 
 That is crazy! Have you heard about the theory that there is only one electron in the universe?
 Me either. It hurts my brain to think how small it must be though!
 They have a lot of money! Aloe Blacc only received $12k in royalties from Pandora for 168 million streams.
 That's a ton of money. Pandora now streams stand up comedy.
 Yea I like that she didn't do that either. 
 Very hard to compete against Google. I saw audible watermarks are embedded on universal music group songs.
 I think so too. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong they can be heard on Earth?
 I wonder how well that boosted their morale. I imagine it was a pretty big deal for them.
 That would be cool to find that website. I would like to listen to the dramas. Did you know in Canada it's a law that radio stations must play 40% Canadian music?
 I'm told if you're an early  guest at the show, you can get a free cookie. I wonder if it's White Russian flavored?
 It sounds like a fun night out. Possibly more fun than the Rush Plus show at Flash. I don't know that freaky fast techno is my jam.
 I never knew I wanted to see that until just now. The fact that in the US more land is used for golf courses than the total square footage of Rhode Island and Delaware together is a bit mind blowing.
 They have the dueling pistols from his fatal duel with Aaron Burr! I'd love to see that.
 I'm not sure any other vice presidents have killed a man, but Aaron Burr did. Weird, right?
 Wow haha that was like a double whammy because I didn't realize the killer was a vice president!
 Yeah it seems like it. Can't imagine paying 120 for a high school game.
 I'm sure it was interesting to see him but as a game I can't imagine it was up to much, he must have been so dominant
 Judge Judy just behind him!  All she needs is a good sponsor ship deal and she might over take him.  She could have Reebok come up with some trademark shoes for her.
 Haha good idea. 123,000 per episode is not shabby!
 I've heard that one of the best free throw shooter of all time used it, others don't want to be made fun of.
 No, I didn't know that fact.  I do know that the Golden State Warriors earned $12 million by losing game 4 of the NBA finals last season.  That's pretty impressive!
 On a side note, did you know that shooting" granny style" is the absolute best technique for scoring points on the line, but players refuse to do it, because it looks stupid?
 Interesting. But i don't know about it?
 Yes they are. Golf courses in USA take up more space than Rhode Island and delaware combined.
 Yes for sure. Many people play golf even actors like Samuel L. Jackson.
 Yeah smart guy to do that! Babe Ruth was also a famous golfer at one point.
 Yeah. The average american golf course uses 312,000 gallons of water per day. Wow.
 Yeah for sure. There is even one in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons per day.
 Probably because its a desert I assume and they go through so much. It's interesting how its one of the few sports that doesn't have a standardized play area.
 Yeah true. Although I don't want to do ballet because they use so many shoes.
 Haha that is so cute. Bruce Lee was a championship dancer!
 Seems to be. Looks like it will work for him. Did you know that there is only one celebrity paid higher than him and it's Judge Judy?!
 Especially if you are at the top. Someone that did benefit from a deal with Reebok was Allen Iverson. He has a lifetime endorsement with them and they pay him $800,000 a year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000.
 No it was a bad decision on their part. Apparently scientists have determined that granny style is the most effective method to score points. I would have thought it would be more difficult to aim that way.
 He wants to play with his son, who is about 15 years old. Not sure he can make it that long. He got injured this year for the first time in a while.
 He's such a good business man. He later signed a lifetime deal with Nike worth $1B. Much more than the $10M reebok offered...
 ah, well did you know the granny shot is actually the best shot you can make in basketball?
 Yeah people should do it more if it is that more effective. 
 no I didn't know that, cool that they were created in 1946 in Philly and then moved to San Fran later on, I didn't know that
 haha ya I agree, I guess they also made like 12 million dollars by losing game 4 last year, not sure how that happened
 haha well thats nice of him, ya Lebron is the highest paid celebrity actually, Judge Judy comes in second
 ya she makes $120k an episode, that is a ton! and very impressive of course
 ya and then a year later accepted a 90 million dollar deal, definitely he was thinking ahead
 I know right! even when he played for high school they still charged ticket fees to watch him play haha
 ya that is nice, over 6 million for his TV episode called "the decision"
 ya, he's a business genius too he turned down a 10 million dollar offer only to later be offered 90 million haha
 ya its crazy that she makes 120k an episode, I would never stop if i were her!
 ya definitely, what about allen iverson? That guy will get a bonus payment of 32 million when he gets to be age 55!
 wow yup that is awesome! kind of like how Air Jordans were banned but Nike kept paying the NBA fine because it was good publicity
 wow that is a nice guy, crazy the team made 12 million dollars by losing game 4
 haha thats funny, I guess the warriors were founded in 1946 in Philadelphia, I didn't know they went back that far
 Yeah and $6 was an expensive price to pay lol,  interesting fact about LeBron but he rejected a $10 million deal once when he was 18
 90 million! no kidding, I guess that decision really paid off then
 I actually like the show and the categories. I wonder why they are named Oscars if the designer was named George Stanley!
 I agree with you, did you know no woman has been nominated for best cinematography academy award!
 There has been a total of 3072 awards
 Apparently LeBron Jame's decision to sign with the lakers caused a ripple effect across the league
 Apparently Houston has a chance of standing up to the Warriors
 You have to be careful.   There is so much money in the NBA though.  Retired Allen Iverson is set to get a lump sum payment of $32 Million from Reebok when he reaches 55 all thanks to his basketball prowess!
 Wow. Apparently Lebron James rejected a $10 million dollar offer from Reebok when he was 18.He thought Nike would offer him more, which they did, a year later. $90 million!
 It pays to be a good basketball player!  Nike knows a good deal I guess and was willing to pay Jordan's fines when he wore them and they were initially banned by the NBA
 Yes, it seems the sponsorships are where most of the money is.
 Though what they make per game isn't too bad.  The Golden State Warriors earned $12 million for losing game 4 of last years NBA finals!
 Actually, I did. I'm from northeast Ohio, and remember it all too well. I was surprised when he rejected the Reebok offer.
 yet, Nike paid the fine. Unreal.
 Yes it seems like it. Even in high school he was a star. Tickets cost between $100 and $120
 Very cool. The Golden State Warriors earned $12 million dollars by losing game four of the NBA finals last season. That's a lot of money. Great talking with you this morning.
 Wow!  I wonder how close Pink Floyd got, because "Dark Side of the Moon" even after 40 years was one of 2014's best selling albums.  
 My sister had that album and it definitely showed there was a real market off the radio.  Maybe there will be a reunion someday.  If 100 year old Japanese twins can release a rap album, I think anything might be possible.
 It seems like such a natural reaction.  Eventually if that baby becomes a pro ballet dancer, then he or she will go through like four shoes per week!
 I was blown away when I heard he played in the nutcracker back in high school!  How did he still have street cred after all that?  lol
 I wonder what that was?  Something to do with sponsorship?  LeBron makes some serious money, it's funny that Judge Judy is the next highest paid.
 Over a hundred thousand an episode.  Another nice job is Allen Iverson's, Reebok still pay his even though he's not playing, they will pay him until he's 55.
 I guess I should have tried to play basketball more at school.  Or tried to be a T.V. judge.
 That's crazy.  He must have dominated those games.  It can't have been close matches.
 Me too, and Reebok even offered Lebron $10 million for a shoe contract
 Yea, it's crazy all the good he does and as of 2015 Curry was only the 4th highest salary on the team
 Lebron james is awesome. You know he has a photographic memory and can remember exact in game scenarios from basketball games throughout his career?
 Yeah, and he always knew he was going to be successful. When he was 18 he rejected a $10 million deal from Reebok. Less than a year later he got a $90 million offer from nike!
 Nike has certainly had a large role in sports over the years!
 I remember shooting granny style when I was young. I don't remember ever watching basketball or even knowing that my city had a team. They are the Golden State Warriors.
 Is interesting the Warriors earned $12million last season when they lost game 4
 Wow, not bad. I'm not sure about now but in 2015 Stephen Curry only made the 4th highest salary on his team.
 Yep I agree with you! It's crazy how good he was even in High School, I can't believe that his high school would charge people money to watch him play LOL up to $100 a ticket
 I know right! Kind of shocking know that LeBron James is number one, you would think it would be a big movie star like Tom Hanks or whatever
 I can kind of see LeBron with all of his media and Nike and gatorade, etc. But Judge Judy! Is she that popular? I couldn't tell you what channel or time she is on.
 Do You know why did they banned them ? Was he too high ? ;)
 There's so much money in pro sports. The Warriors earned $12 million dollars LOSING game 4 of the NBA finals last season.
 Okay, I'm not surprised at all to hear that. Shoe companies have tons of money to blow! I know Alan Iverson signed a Reebok contract paying him $800k a year to 55 and then at 55 a lump sum of $32 million.
 No! I don't at all! What was it?
 That's insane... Rap is just horrible poetry to a worn out back beat. These award shows give awards to themselves.  The Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys in 2013.  Some form of incest...
 yeah back then it was respectable. Now it's just political event. Maybe they should go back to radio like when they first aired in 1930
 Yeah, how would they track that?  Funny, the word cinematography comes from the ancient Greek words for "movement" and "write"... Makes sense...
 It was surprising to me.  8 mile, among others, won the Ocsar.  I like Eminem but many people do not like him be cause he uses bad language in his songs.  He even made fun of the Oscars in one of his songs.
 Apparently, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.
 Makes sense I guess. I never knew an Iphone had more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent
 They did? have you ever been to the Oracle Arena?
 No not really, I bet they would receive more money by winning, still $12 million dollars is a lot for loosing games
 Yes it is. The Golden State Warriors play their home games in the 1975 NBA finals at the cow Palace because their Oakland arena had booked other events. That would never happen nowadays.
 No doubt. In the last 20 years only three number one overall pick in the NBA draft have won a championship. That is hard to believe.
 That is crazy!!  Talk about financial security.
 I couldn't imagine!  That is just crazy.  I also didn't know that air jordans were banned but Michael Jordan wore them b/c Nike picked up the fine each game
 I found that hard to believe that she makes that much compared to some of today's NBA superstars like Kevin Durant. 
 I actually was thinking the same thing!  Who knows.  I also read that some of his highschool games the tickets would cost b/t $100-120 and would attract 1750 attendees.  do you know if that is true
 I watch it from time to time. I do like Lebron James though.
 He's even ahead of Judge Judy! I've heard that his high school games would attract almost 1800 attendees. Tickets were going for $100-$120 each!
 That was a good move. He's helped revive Nike. I heard that he's signed a deal for a "Space Jam" sequel!
 I still watch the first one, and I'm 35. haha. I was a big Jordan fan as a kid, as most kids were. I heard that his first shoes were banned by the NBA.
 I agree. Too bad Iverson's deal with Reebok didn't fare so well. They pay him $800,000 a year until he's 55. I don't think his shoes sell that much.
 Yeah it is. Did you like Reggie Miller? He was an impressive player on the Pacers.
 I know! She never played in the WNBA did she?
 WOW! I wouldn't even know what to do with all of that money. What team does he play for now? 
 That's hilarious! I would have taken that offer as well.
 That's a huge mistake for them. I saw the like button is illegal in Germany in one of their states.
 I saw it is blue because Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness.
 Me too. I saw YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet.
 That's pretty amazing. That's a lot of bandwidth.
 That's pretty cool. Police have their own YouTube called BlueTube.
 Yeah, heard about those lines!  Heard that Kennedy Center tried to mitigate it with online sales and having a kind of online holding room.  That must've been crazy.
 I did hear it was expensive, but thought the money gained was more, the movie trojan wars was another bust.
 Yeah could be, so do you use the internet a lot? I heard you can get 3g signal on top of Mt. Everest.
 Yeah there must be some complications, did you know there is a copy of the  internet in case it gets burn down.
 It seems complicated but who knows, computers have advanced a lot, the shyttles purpose computer runs on 1 mb of ram while my computer has 8gb of ram.
 I didnt know that! I have an apple computer, luckly I dont smoke, I would be worried otherwise.
 Haha I hope so! Did you know that the NBA adopted their formal name back in 1949? That's when they merged with the competing League the National Basketball League
 Yep you're right. And that's where their current head offices are too, New York, New York. Interesting that their entertainment and TV studios are located in New Jersey though.
 Yes I agree with you. I also wonder what they would think about shooting a basketball granny style haha, Apparently that is the best way to shoot
 Haha I agree with you. Maybe they would have paid him more than $800,000 a year? That is so much just from being a sponsor, that's crazy!
 Yeah I'm curious as to why they were banned, you'd think that all shoes would be the same, so I don't know why they did that, but it is funny how Nike just paid the fine and kept Michael Jordan wearing them on the court LOL that's the way to do it
 No, I have never heard of Alex Jones, do you know what kind of empire did he had?
 Yeah he is a right winged conservative talk show host and he believed in a bunch of conspiracies. He had a youtube channel but was banned for saying a bunch of crazy things about Sandy Hook. His show was infowars.
 Yeah that is terrible! I had higher hopes for Zuckerberg. Apparently he is red-green colorblind and that is why facebook color is primarily blue!
 Whoa that is scary and it makes sense why a lot of us are misinformed. I remember when I had a Myspace. Apparently Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for 75 million dollars in 2005. Bet they are kicking themselves for not doing that!
 Wow that is truly hard to believe! I think that as technology progresses certain things get lost. Like poetry. It has a long history back to prehistorical times, but I feel like it is losing it's popularity.
 Yes that is true. I think it is more of a legality than anything. Because you're right there is no way to enforce that. The most disliked video on youtube is Justin Beiber's "baby". Seems a bit harsh lol.
 Haha no I didn't know, very interesting. Also the police have their own youtube called Blutube where they share law enforcement videos. I will have to look that up later.
 Wow that's Interesting, I didn't know Youtube began as a dating website, did you knew that?
 No I did not know that. Very interesting. It was great chatting with you have a nice night!
 Are you a basketball fan? Did you know Air Jordan shoes were originally barred by the NBA?
 It's funny, speaking of shoes, Spencer Haywood had a deal: take 100,000 or get a 10% stake in Nike (this was like thirty years ago.)  He choose the upfront money.  If he'd accepted the original offer, he'd be worth about 8.62 BILLION.  Bet he kicks himself for that one!
 Its a violent sport that is a sure thing, players can lose up to 8 pounds in a game! it sounds like its not only metally demanding but really takes a toll on players
 Eight pounds in one game?  How many of that is teeth, you think?  LOL.  But yeah, it's a pretty aggressive sport.  
 You want to talk decisive wins in hockey, the Slovakian women's hockey team once beat Bulgaria 82-0.  EIGHTY-TWO to zero.  That's  like a goal every 44 seconds.  I bet one team was NOT celebrating that night...
 I have not! I hard that people who tried getting tickets online had a long wait for it though, right?
 Ahah it makes sense. People should spend less time doing that and more time being careful. Only 7% of people read full terms of service when buying on the Internet.
 I guess a lot of people do. There's actually Internet service on the top of Mount Everest even,
 Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star. Did you know that?
 Apparently, the box office has made over $8.5 billion worldwide.
 I bet there will be too. The movie Trojan Wars had a budget of $15 million and only made $309 at the box office.
 I haven't heard of Ishtar. Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentine's Day and had a box office of over $270 million.
 Same here. The 3 horizontal lines on the menu of apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 I wonder how they are saving the internet in Alexandria?  It does not seem like something that can be saved.
 Yea I'm not too sure how that works. There is 3g cell service and internet on the peak of Mt. Everest.
 LOL! Only 7% of people actually read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 I'm surprised it's as much as that.  Have you ever tried reading one of those, would take half the day.
 And now as long as you're thirteen in most areas, you can join. I'm surprised the site didn't have as IPO until 2012
 Nope I don't think it does. Also it didn't mention how my space turn down the offer to buy Facebook initially. I think it was for about seventy-five million dollars back in 2005
 That's a good question. Another good question is why the Facebook like button is illegal in one of the German states. What could possibly be the reason for that?
 No the Whopper kind of sucks LOL. I also saw that Iceland is rewriting their constitution. They're using Facebook and that's allowing the public to make suggestions on it
 Yep I agree. I use it almost every day. The crazy thing is that YouTube and Netflix make up about half of all internet traffic in North America
 I love all kinds of music! I find jazz to be very relaxing. Did you know Clint Eastwood is a jazz pianist?
 Wow, that's really interesting!! very cool! So you know jazz music originated from New Orleans!!
 I love hockey also, I go to the Lightning games!! Its very exciting!! Did you know an average professional hockey player can lose up to 8 lbs per game? lol
 What do you think of that contract Allen Iverson signed? Very smart!! $800,000 a year until he's 55!!
 I have heard that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain!
 Yes, unfortunately that's correct. But when I climb Mt. Everest I will not have to leave my addiction behind as there is 3g service up there.
 I have heard that! So much for getting away. Did you know the current library in Alexandria has saved a copy of the internet in case the internet ever burns down?
 That is scary! Interestingly enough, AI has crushed all human records in puzzle game 2048.
 Seems pretty neat. I am not interested in celebrities. I think they get paid way too much. Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode. 
 I have no idea. But there are so many ways to make money on the internet. Did you know that Neopets was the 4th most trafficked site online? It was even above Google, which was 8th!
 I almost never do! And when I do online surveys, I rarely read the informed consent document. I skim it. Only 7% read those terms and conditions in their entirety--did you know that?
 Yeah, good for them! I just read that some woman won $10,000 for finding a loophole or something in her insurance documents. So I guess sometimes it pays to read those documents! It's also good to know what you're getting yourself into.
 NO!!!  That is incredible!  I wonder how they managed to get it up there?  Or is that "fake news"?  LOL
 Right.  Last week I saw a newscaster who was a complete robot.  He looked and sounded just like a human.  I couldn't believe it!  Did you know that even celebrities are into AI?  Kristen Stewart even helped write a paper about it.
 Wow. I hope that all the technological progress is for good and safety purposes or will at least outweigh the bad.
 Lol, very true. Replace Judge Judy with AI, it would save a lot of money. Judge Judy makes $123,000 for every episode.
 I didn't know she was that popular still...$123,000 per episode! She's rolling in dough.
 That's true. I think that artificial intelligence can also be used to recreate celebrity voices. 
 I think this all started with the creation of the Internet. What do you think?
 Yes, I do believe that we needed a library to save all of this valuable information. 
 wow that really shows ingenuity! I suppose those you had to make due with whatever you could scrabble together during a war. 
 Oh wow that is amazing. Well they certainly did a fantastic job on it. It was so realistic. 
 I would have thought they would go with someone a little less controversial. He has went a little off the rails in recent years. 
 Oh I didn't know that. I did know that Samuel Jackson is really good though. He hasn't built into his movie contracts that he can play golf twice a week, so I would assume that he is amazing haha
 Yeah I wonder that's a good question! I do think that golf courses waste a lot of water though. Apparently the average course uses 300,000 gallons of water per day, that's a ton!
 Yeah I don't know why they would, that seems like a waste of tax money to me, also golf courses seem like a waste of space. Apparently they take up as much space as Rhode Island and Delaware combined
 I think I heard about that. Isn't the internet mostly made up of bots? At least the Bots don't have to read the terms of service on the Internet lol I never do apparently only 7% of people do
 Haha nope I think you're right on that. Have you ever traveled to Mount Everest by the way? I'm just glad you know they have internet if I ever do LOL
 No I haven't. What is that? It sounds like some kind of fad like Pokemon LOL. I'm sure whatever it is though, has been saved in the library of Alexander, they save all of the entire internet just in case it goes down
 Hey there. I guess Duncan Hunter's wife was better at explaining some misused funds. That is an interesting story.
 Oh my gosh, now that is some sort of wild chance.  never heard that before. Crazy.
 It is estimated to be 4.543 billion years old. I was amazed to find out that Jupiter protects us from so many asteroids!
 I agree with you! Do you know how much water your golf course uses by the way? Apparently the average golf course uses about 300,000 gallons per day
 Oh I didn't know that. But again I haven't really played, so I guess I wouldn't know that LOL. It's crazy that the golf course in Dubai, Saudi Arabia, uses for million gallons a day, but that is a desert so it makes sense
 I know, that place doesn't care about how much anything is.lol Did not know Babe Ruth played.
 I saw that, compared to the size of the United States, Rhode Island and Delaware aren't very big. Its good exercise if you walk, lol most people use the cart.
 Yes I agree with you. I don't even have cable personally. I do like knowing that I can get 3-g service on the peak of Mount Everest though. I definitely would post on Facebook LOL
 That's interesting! Oh, I guess the constant clicking is what makes the addiction.  Crazy.
 I probably have that haha. I know I like to click links and go exploring around the internet. But I don't ever read terms of service though. Apparently only 7% of people do
 ha ha ha. Can you believe Kim jong-un has a degree in physics, imagine being his professor, would you fail him?
 That is what I thought too! So, Pixar studying the physics of curly hair for 3 years took my attention. Some people thrive for excellence, I'm impressed.
 Must be rough to live in such a hated place. 
 If we were born in Canada we'd be forced to listen to 40% Canadian made music when we listen to the radio.
 ya I've seen tht before, I like Hugh Laurie no one could play the role like he did, I'm glad he makes 700k an episode he deserves it haha
 haha ya I think he was chasing girls! all the cutest girls were in acting classes so he joined, I can't blame him haha
 Well, come to think of it, with Bill Murray you never really know.  There's so much crazy stuff about him it's hard to separate legend from fact.  :)
 Did you know Ryan Stiles (from The Drew Carry Show) dropped out of high school to pursue comedy?  I guess it worked out for him, but I usually recommend personally that people graduate first, just in case...
 Hmm... guess we gotta keep going for a bit... did you know Shakespeare invented some women's names that are common usage today?  Thought that was pretty cool
 Wait.. I tried it and it told me to hit "submit" but nothing happens, just sends me back here..
 Apparently he was the highest paid actor for a TV drama. 
 Wow he must have been a man with a plan or at least a dream
 I used to listen to his stuff. He is pretty funny. He actually left Harvard law to pursue a comedy career!
 A little. He thinks kung fu is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy!
 I have not seen that. I think my favorite comedies are bromantic comedies. I did not know that was actually a genre.
 I'm not sure what those are.  LOLOL  I'm sorry.  Do you know?
 Yes, are you? I heard Jim Carey does not make dramas any more because of his belief system.
 I was never into house but I know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama.
 That is insane. Even $70,000 per episode is absurd.
 ya I agree, have you heard pixar has a secret celebrity room when they visit?
 ya I agree, I bet judge judy gets special treatment, I mean she makes over 100k per episode
 ya I'm not sure I don't do voice unfortunately haha, did you hear about the Ethiopian chef? I guess he is trying to combat hunger by getting people to be more diverse with the foods they eat
 oh wow haha, well I guess it is very popular and had investors like Jared Leto and Snoop Dogg
 I will reopen my account and check out what doing on with Jared Leto and Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg was one of my favorite rappers back in the day
 ya he did some good stuff, it's funny though that the first reddit post was a post about reddit going downhill haha
 Did you know that Reddit average monthly visit is 542 millions, that's a lot of visitors.
 wow that is a lot, and in just the year 2018 it had 1.2 billion comments, thats insane!
 that is cool, also only about half a percent of reddit actually participates in the voting on reddit
 i believe it, there are a ton of people on there posting things. 1.2 billion comments in 2018 alone. WOW!
 ive never heard of that! i wonder how successful it is
 Same here! I also couldn't believe her favorite band is Iron Maiden. They're a great band but I never would have guessed they would be her favorite.
 I listen to a little bit of everything. I really like Queen. Did you know that scientist have voted "We Are The Champions" the catchiest pop song of all time?
 I do like some of it. There was a study in 2012 that concluded that Pop Music has grown louder and more musically homogeneous since the mid-1960s. 
 Yeah that would be pretty wild. Did you know that Ricky Gervais was a pop singer before he became a comedian? That's hard for me to imagine.
 I do like Lady Gaga. Did you know that her name came from a predictive text glitch?
 Yeah it is. She's also godmother to Elton John's son. 
 So I guess involuntary pornography like face swapping celebrity faces onto pornographic material is being banned. 
 Interesting. I thought that that is what a lot of people go there to look for.
 Hello how are you,  yeah I played some! 
 I'm doing well. I can't believe the majority of pac-man players were female, which led to the creation of "Mrs. Pac Man." That's really cool
 This is pretty cool too! Pac-man creator toru iwatani wanted to turn arcades into date hangouts "that would not be intimidating to female customers." pac-man "appeals to a new generation of female players who have grown up empowered and want to be the pursuer rather than being the pursued."
 Yeah, and it generated over $2.5 billion by the 90s. I wonder how that compared to other video games?
 Knowing the USA, and the closeness of "P" to "F", they probably made the right move haha. Did you play any other video games growing up?
 Super mario bros
 I did.  Did you know The nintendo entertainment system could display only 54 colors.
 Maybe on ebay!  
 Haha yeah. I think discontinued selling them in the early 2000s. Probably because they had better technology at the time (one that showed more than 54 colors)
 That's crazy! I guess before other forms of entertainment, watching chickens was the most exciting thing to do!
 Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look."
 That's pretty ironic haha. It reminds me of other "lookalike's" in Hollywood, like Charlie Chaplin losing in a Charlie Chaplin lookalike contest and Bill Nye becoming famous for looking like Steve Martin.
 lol  
 How? 
 Maybe!  Have a good one,  nice talking to you! 
 Oh, man. Thant would drive me bonkers. In the US they were going to call Packman Puckman but they didn't for obvious reasons...
 i do. i cant believe people watch so much netflix.
 i cant lie i have watched whole seasons of the office and parks and rec on their. but i was on vacation at home at the time. i rarely just sit around and watch tv.
 Did you know that from 9 pm to 12 am, netflix consumes 33% of all bandwidth in North America?
 Netflix was founded after the founder paid 40 dollars on a late vhs copy.
 its amazing how a small idea like that can grow into a billion dollars.
 yes most of these companies started in a garage.
 Speaking of humans, we may have only lost our body hair 240,000 years ago!
 Maybe. There is also a frequency of sound that causes fear in humans. Talk about scary!
 I was watching a movie about her on the Reelz Channel.     She suffered a lot.
 Not sure, but she is the highest selling solo female artist in country music history.
 I think he was a regular person, but he reportedly had an affair with her best friend.
 Too true.    It amazes me Johnny Depp has managed to act, play guitar and keep his marriage intact.
 He is a nice guy too, he travels with his Jack Sparrow costume so he can visit kids in hospitals.
 Good evening, and remember not to warm up your car in ohio, where that is illegal!
 Did you know the sun is actually white?
 Yet it's still 330000 times the size of earth. The universe is amazing.
 It really is! Theres a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500mph in 2000 degree weather
 That must be a big rock. I wonder how it compares to our moon
 Hello hows it going?  Did you know the sun is actually white?  That is amazing.  Also,  why didn't our teachers tell us this in elementary school,  everyone draws a yellow sun! lol 
 Ha, that is funny! I can't believe that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy!
 Thats insane!  
 The sun feels so hot down here. I can't imagine how hot it is on the surface of the sun. However,a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun. You don't want to get hit by that!
 Right!  That sounds horrific,  definitely puts a new perspective on those people who have survived it!
 The sun makes enough energy every second to meet the energy needs of the entire planet for 500 000 years. I hope we learn to harness its power even better.
 We all need to switch to solar asap!  That is amazing!!
 Yes,  but I am not well educated on it.  I see signs of our earth dying though.  For example,  California has been low on water for years now,  and we have been suffering for crazy amounts of fires in tthe last few years,  the air quality is getting bad too. 
 Temperatures in Europe have passed all time records during heat waves.
 Crazy.  
 Britain's Met Office wrote about it, wondering if it is the new normal.
 Geez i hope not.  California will be gone if this is the normal for us lol 
 There was really high pressure in parts of Eruope, and also thunderstorms. I think global warming is causing a lot of weird weather.
 Seems like it.  hey I read something interesting!  Jupiter would be considered a planet if it didnt circle the sun. 
 I find it interesting that Uranus actually rolls around the sun. It doesn't spin like the other planets!
 If it doesnt spin,  is some of the planet forever in the dark? 
 haha kinda like a doggy toy! 
 Haha, true! But speaking of weird orbits, the planet Venus does not tilt, so it has no seasons. It's the only planet that rotates clockwise.
 Interesting!  Its been fun chatting! 
 It really is.  Not quite as crazy as that one planet that has shards of glass raining sideways at 4500 mph and 2000 degree weather.
 I know that Johnny Depp has had issues lately but I have liked a lot of his movies. Did you know that he is related to Queen Elizabeth?
 Ha ha, maybe. He is also a guitarist that has even played with Marilyn Manson, Oasis, and Aerosmith. Pretty big names. 
 Wow! I didn't realize it was so few. I'm very surprised that Nicolas Cage was the person who convinced him to pursue acting. It was while they were playing Monopoly. How in the world did those two end up together playing Monopoly?
 That's odd considering country music was influenced by blues
 Yeah, that makes sense then to not wear them that often.  I'm from Wisconsin, and wow! I did not know that. 
 Another interesting thing is that a student wore the same pair of jeans for 15 months and proved that they have no more germs than after thirteen days.
 That is a good idea, but I guess it was for pocket watches! I guess people don't use those much anymore though. 
 No! That is a very interesting fact as well, never knew that. 
 I have no idea! That is crazy, as far as I know it's just a plain tshirt.  I wouldn't pay 300-400 dollars for any shirt LOL  
 No! I never would either, that is so strange. 
 Crazy that there was a shooting outside of the Walmart on June 17th. 
 Not the biggest one TBH, but I do find some of the facts and details behind certain sports to be fascinating.  What about yourself?
 I have no clue.  I'm told it's really popular though.  It makes more money than football, baseball, basketball, hockey and golf COMBINED.  That's a LOT of dough!
 Yeah, I dunno how that would work.  I tell ya, you gotta be in GOOD shape to play soccer, they say a player runs an average of 7 miles per game!  I get tired just thinking about it.  HAHA!
 Yeah, I think he represented US in a big game.  Can't recall which one though.  Even more awesome player to me though is Didier Drogba.  He singlehanded stopped a civil war in his home country! 
 That's very admirable!  Speaking of sports.. how about basketball?  Do you follow it much?  I find it neat that basketball and volleyball were both invented by the YMCA.
 Yeah, I heard that people even take time off from work during March Madness just so they can catch all the games. 
 Can't say I've heard of that one!  Did you know Shaq has only ONE record 3pt score throughout his entire basketball career?  I find that surprising!
 Yeah, that's true!  Speaking of losing... they say the Washington General has played the Harlem Globetrotters over 13,000 times but only won SIX of the game.  SIX.  Course, it IS the Harlem Globetrotters they were going against.... 
 That would suck!  Bet it would limit the amount of roles he took in the future!  
 I didn't think you could get them in stretchy?
 Very easy to break into. Did you know that in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers ?
 Thats too funny how they involved layering as many shirts as you could and popping their collars
 Yes with a 41" waist as 36". I wonder how many people returned them for the wrong size lol
 hey, they are ok but I must I I prefer dogs, what about you?
 haha that's funny, cats are robust though they have not had a cat extinction in over 10,000 years
 wow that is wild, what is sad though is white cats are like 85% likely to be both deaf and have blue eyes
 oh nice, ya I always had dogs, would you ever own a glow in teh dark cat? I guess they exist
 ah interesting, kind of scary though that 86000 people go to the hospital every year due to tripping over their cat or other pet
 oh thats nice, do you like insects at all? I guess people will raise them for food
 wow that is cool I want one! did you ever see a rolly poly? I guess theyre more related to lobsters and not bugs
 haha that sounds crazy, have you heard of the photuris lightning bug? they can actually mimic the blinking of other bugs to atrract and then eat them
 haha that is scary, I do love Bill Murray and apparently he played the human torch on the radio back in the 70's
 Fore sure.   They are putting pesticides on mice to try and help kill ticks and prevent the spread of the disease.  That is interesting
 It works just like it would on dogs and cats.  They do the same thing on deer even!
 They have found as many as 12-60 ticks on a small mouse!  That is crazy!
 There is even a place in Minnesota that used to offer a cat companion when you booked a room.
 I saw a great thing on facebook about cats in airbnbs!  of course i might like to visit talkeetna in alaska where they have a cat as mayor!
 Since 1997!  So 21 years!
 Yes for sure.   But cats are creative - the one in the opening scene of the godfather was a stray who just wandered on set!
 He did? why did he do that lol was he crazy!!
 Wow!! I must get me one of those lol I am in deep need of gold, insects come from the latin word insectum
 I like all animals, really. Cats are pretty harmless; by the time they've reached 15 years old, they've slept 10 of those years if you can believe it!
 That is one special cat! Kind of like the cat who is the mayor of Talkeetna Alaska, that cat is doing a great job because it's been the mayor since 1997!
 Haha well it's not hard for me haha. Have you ever seen a tiny red bug that is usually found on concrete? It's apparently called a clover Mite, I've never heard of it though
 That sounds awesome! I want a set of those and then to sell the gold for money. I'd also like to ride on a highway of bugs LOL like ladybugs
 No those are called Foxhole radios. They were made with razor blades and also pencils, don't ask me how that is possible though haha
 What about the Finnish radio station that broadcast in Latin? That is not nationalistic I don't think, but it must appeal to someone because it's been around since 1989
 Did you know the city set to be the host of the 2022 World Cup does not exist yet?
 It does say Qatar, but haven't identified a city yet. 
 Yes, that's very odd. The Hungary national football team only had one loss between 1950 and 1956 which was in the World Cup final.
 I agree. Soccer makes more money than baseball, football, basketball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined.
 Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football.
 Me too. There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
 Not really sure, she's an artist but I'n not sure how famous. She was in DC from their Dream Day celebration, seemed pretty cool
 For sure, fish are crazy. You go fishing much? I was never aware that seahorses had the only necks of any fish.
 Nice, I used to fish when I was younger, not so much anymore. Zebrafish sound very human like, 84% of their disease genes are like humans.
 That's crazy, just happy dogs can't do that. Jellyfish are pretty insane too, some are immortal.
 For sure, I heard that a lot of fish from the furthest depths of the ocean are found to have plastic in them, that's super scary. 
 True, some people still don't get how big of a problem that is, which is even scarier. Dogs though, they get it.
 Really, would never have guessed that. I love my dog, I don't know what I
 I have heard that, I wonder how they know that. If you're ever in Istanbul, you should find some recycled bottles and use them at the vending machines that releases food and water for stray dogs.
 I agree with you. I only got through about the first season and then I had enough haha. I guess Rick changed during the show as well
 Wow I didn't know that. You're right though, we lost our body hair around 240,000 years ago, we are also adapted for persistent running which makes us excellent at endurance
 Haha I wonder if we could genetically enhance ourselves to fix that defective enzyme though? Then I wouldn't ever have to eat my vegetables LOL
 That is interesting.  That fact that Wolfram Alpha creator got his phd at 20
 I did not. Are you a TV fan?  The actor from house, Hugh Laurie is the higheat paid actor ever for a tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode.
 I saw due to Jim Carrey's beliefs, he no longer makes dramas.
 I found this funny.  Because all of the prettiest girls in his high school were in drama, Michael Cane became an actor.
 I'm good thank you. I didn't know that. Did you know the Hungary national football team only had one defeat from 1950-1956 and that was in the World Cup final?
 Oh wow I didn't know that. There are no economic gains for counties that host the Olympics or World Cup. I find that hard to believe. 
 Oh really? Soccer makes more money than most sports combined.
 Interesting. Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football.
 Yep. There exists a soccer variation where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
 Nintendo is displayed in 54 colors.
 Bill Bye looks like Steve Martin.
 I heard the final will be in Qatar but FIFA doesn't exist there yet. 
 Strange indeed... Build it and they will come... I didn't know that the U.S. placed 3rd in the first FIFA world cup in 1930.  Can't believe it goes back that far.
 That would be entertaining.  Speaking of entertainment, I heard the Nintendo NES could only display 54 colors. 
 Disappointment is a part of life like when Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role for not having that "presidential look."
 Funny that Bill Nye got his start in entertainment by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest. 
 Yeah.  I was surprised to learn that the term "soccer" was a slang word for Association Football. 
 Americans call it soccer as a slang for association football.
 yes, it would be. Its hard to believe that the countries that have played host to the world cup have no economic gains to show for it.
 that is hard to believe, it must be expensive to host
 Yes, they always seem to be the better of the two. 
 Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look."  That's funny!
 I don't think they look a like lol.  
 The nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan
 yeah, it's amazing how far video games have advanced over the years
 Yes true. It is important in tennis. FIFA apparently isn't even content with a 98% success rate! I think that is very successful!
 I heard they will have air conditioning for the stadiums. 
 Yeah I would think its a must with how hot it is. It is supposed to set in a city that doesn't exist!
 Oh that is so cool. I bet that would appeal to a lot of people to watch. I hope the USA does well. The American womens team has never placed less than 3rd!
 Very much so! The Hungary national team was also good between 1950 and 1956. Well it was nice talking with you!
 No not too many. My kids certainly do! How bout you?
 No, but my boys did. They absolutely loved it. I think it was a n64. did you?
 Wow! Did you keep it? Did you play mortal combat on it?
 The n64 is prolly worth some money now! Video games make more money then movies do!
 No! I had no idea! Do you watch any Tv? I've started the Walking Dead.
 It's pretty intense. A lot of Drama too. Rumors are Rick leaves.
 Yeah it's huge around here. Big hunting state. Although I did read that human fingers have no muscle. Yet some people are fast pulling that trigger!
 It's just an awkward fit, it interrupts the flow of the game. Soccer refereeing isn't that error-ridden as it is.
 You're probably right, I misread. An analysis of Premier League in England found that referees making a decision every 22 seconds were accurate 98% of the time. That's pretty good accurracy.
 Yeah, I guess FIFA isn't content with it.
 I am, they say that the city that is set to host it doesn't even exist yet, that's pretty crazy.
 I guess so. It's pretty wild. Did you know that the American team has never placed below third place in the world cup since the Women's World Cup started in 1991?
 It is a shame. I had many hours of blowing into the cartridge on that system! Haha.  
 Hey there! Did you know that Bill Nye "the science guy" got his starts in entertainment by winning a Steve Martin look-alike contest? Haha! I don't even think they look at all like each other!
 I don't think they look alike either! And Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role because he supposedly didn't have the presidential look.
 Yeah I thought the Nintendo was awesome! And apparently others did too as it just got discontinued in September 2003
 I've never really liked anything 3d. Personally it makes me dizzy! It's interesting all of the things that fall under the category entertainment! For example, around 50BC Caesar noted that in Britain people bred chickens for entertainment, and not for food. Crazy! 
 Yeah! Apparently soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined! That must be worldwide, since here we really don't see much soccer.
 Right, must be. Jon Stewart was a good soccer player in college. He represented the US at the Pa American Maccabi games in Brazil.
 Yeah and the women's team has never placed under third place in the World Cup since 1991. More people really should watch it
 Great chatting with you!
 I agree probably not good pets and they would cost a fortune to feed, you know Google is a dog company, they state it clearly in their codes of conduct
 Wow! I didn't either and yes I do love fish! Something else surprising about fish is a goldfish once lived to be 43 years old. Can you believe that?
 That's pretty cool, I never knew freshwater fish drink through their skin via osmosis while saltwater fish drink through their mouths, I assumed it was the opposite but maybe I had bad teachers
 Ha! Bad teachers truly could have been the case. In fact, I wish my teachers had told me about that one species of fish that actually lives on land its entire adult life! That is amazing as I thought all fish lived in the water!
 That is fascinating and makes me wonder how that's possible? Something else I find fascinating is jellyfish evaporate in the sun because they're 98% water. That is crazy!
 I am! Are you any good at physics? It's crazy that just the hair in "Brave" took 3 years of studying to get correct.
 He is a very dramatic guy, but I don't think anyone is worth $700,000 per episode...Hugh Laurie isn't even that well known!
 Speaking of playing your cards right...Apple played theirs correctly when putting in their terms of agreement that your warranty is void if you smoke near their computers.  Most people don't read the fine print...
 Hi, how are you today?  Hard to believe modern human behavior started around 50,000 years ago!!
 And now after all that survival of the fittest and darwinism, Hugh Laurie makes $700,000 for each episode of House!
 Do you like to play video games at all?  I used to, but not so much anymore.  Our planet plays about 3 billion hours of video games a week, which is crazy!!
 Same here.  At least I was able to play them when I was younger.  In South Korea it is illegal to play them past midnight if you are 16 and under.  Would have saved me some sleep back in the day!
 Same lady, just a different branch of her work.  She was a physicist you know.
 I think that is funny, but it makes sense that smoke messes with computers.  We have computers, devices with computer in them, and cell phones everywhere.
 Wow, that's a lot, they are addictive. 
 You can not go wrong With Mexico or Brazil. Did you know That the US placed in the first World Cup in 1930
 I didn't know that! I have heard that the US women's World Cup team is pretty stellar, though.
 Three team matches? I can't imagine how that would work. It sounds complicated, and it doesn't sound like it would work on the standard rectangular pitch.
 I had no idea! It's cool that they share a name like that. What team did you get to see them play against?
 I do not remember, to be honest.
 Right, but they did get 3rd place....in 1930!
 Even though worldwide it makes more money than football, baskeball, basekball, golf, tennis and hockey combined.
 Ha, interesting. Jon Stewart was a skilled soccer player in college and represented in the US in the Pan American Maccabi games in Brazil in 83.
 I will have to check that out! And Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role because he did not have the "presidential look". I guess looks can be deceiving!
 Me too. I used to think that it was amazing. It could only display 54 colors!
 Yeah I saw that but the mini version right? Surprising it lasted till 2003!
 Hello.  Apparently New York's area code (212) was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Hi, I have heard that, but it's been so long since I've seen a rotary phone I'm not really sure it's true. It's like how they say you can't separate 2 phonebooks if you overlap them together. 
 It's crazy that those cables are so thin. 2.7 inches! also crazy there is no wireless replacement. Recently the lines were cut in Fiji and they had no internet or cell service.
 I get a lot of hummingbirds around my house in the summer. Never seen a nest though. They are tiny though. I've seen some bee hummingbirds that were about 2" full grown.
 I have never seen hummingbird in my area.  I live around Dallas.  Apparently, some birds fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping when they migrate.  Non stop flight?
 Did they fly?  You said that they did not have wings.
 Got it!  That  sounds great! Worse case there is a website for people who will let you crash on their couch while you are traveling. I am not sure I would like to sleep on a stranger
 Yikes I thought it was bad in the US!  I would like to visit London one day. Did you know that Queen Elizabeth II employs somebody to wear her shoes before her to make sure that they are comfy? What a job!
 Wow , they make sure of every little detail! Have you ever been to Mackinac Island? it sure is special, you know why?
 Interesting!  I would like that! That sounds relaxing and good for the environment. Air travel is up to 10% slower than it was in the 60s to save on fuel costs.  
 Oh really? wow i would had though It would be the opposite. but buses may get stronger, the dutch are designing a fast bus that will travel as fast as 160mph
 i loved the show,!!!
 There was one episode where he learned how to breakdance! I have to see that to believe it!
 I have heard of them but don't really know much about them. I was studying the ravens because they avoid conflict and it is amazing.
 No, I never heard about that but that is super cool. I like random facts and info from soundtracks. I love Rage Against he Machine and they played for the soundtrack Godzilla. After the movie was done they talked poorly about the movie, I guess they hated it.
 You mean you can't flex your fingers? lol just kidding! I wish I was immortal though like a certain breed of jellyfish!
 Wow that is old in goldfish years! Especially if it came from a carnival! Do you think it uses osmosis to drink water?
 Ooh! There is a fish called the barreleye fish, that has a transparent head! That would be convenient! For neurosurgeons, and such! Haha
 That would make them have the easiest job in the world because they wouldn't have to explore inside as much haha. 
 I need to as well. It probably one day goes on land and says I'm good I think I'll just stay! I wonder what evolution tactics we'll get someday? Maybe one where we can no longer hear the sound frequency that causes fear?
 Especially if you were on top of Mount Everest trying to get a 3g internet signal haha.
 I'm sitting here trying to prove everybody wrong, but just sitting here looking like an idiot!
 We really are! I'm going to go research more crazy facts! It was nice chatting, have a great night!
 Um, WOW! A talking (or, rather, typing) fish? That's amazing! Wait a second, if you're a fish why are you scared of being flushed? You're at home in water, right? If I were to come "help
 No. Everything we eat tastes like chicken. But my cousin--Louie the the Seahorse--he has a neck and everything! I do miss clean water though.
 Yep. Did you know people can actually become addicted to the internet?
 Agreed. The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it were to burn down. 
 I saw that there is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.
 I agree. Only 7% of people actually read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 That's crazy. I had no idea they drank water like that. 
 For sure. Did you know the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck?
 Yes, fish is amazing for health. There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.
 Yes. The black swallower fish can eat prey twice it's length and ten times its weight.
 Me too! The dutch have a way to save time.... a 160 mph bus!!!!
 Really? I did not know that but I can imagine that people think it is qicker as long as they are moving.
 They do. Although those cant be too comfy either. Maybe if they are 5000 years old?
 Yeah. I can go through a pair of gym shoes every 3 months and theirs last 5000 years?
 Wow I didn't know that. That is brutal. Do you like to travel? The first king to travel around the world was the king of Hawaii.
 no i havent heard about it  how much fortune did he made 
 i wish my grand father ha hidden some in our attic ..  but i could find only old  novels to read in mine 
 Well that's a surprise. I had no idea that was Yeah go figure!
 Looks like Military is fond of Sci Fi novels very much
 Yes it is, it's very lucrative too, 1900s baseball cards can be worth millions of dollars.
 Those terms might be called differently in other countries though. They call kickball "soccer-baseball" in Canada.
 I can't imagine how many cards they must have needed for that. Baseball definitely has long standing traditions. I know until 2005, the schedules had been done by a married couple for 24 years. 
 Wow that's crazy, maybe showmanship runs in the family. They have a lot of influence too. The fasted growing girls baby name in the US is Anya, based off a character.
 Yeah we could count that as drama haha. I guess Jon Hamm taught her back in highschool how to act?
 She does a great job! Hear about why Michael Caine got into acting? he basically did it because the prettiest girls were all in acting classes
 I can't blame him! I also can't blame Hugh Laurie. I guess he makes like $700,000 per episode in the TV show House
 That is true. I wonder why. I also wonder how George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins. That's so weird to me
 Yeah he is! do you like Henry Ford? Heap helps to popularize country music
 Yeah he was a weird guy. Did you hear about YouTube playing as a country artist. They would go by the Dalton brothers and play in disguise
 Yep that was my bad haha. Do you play the guitar at all? I like the guitarist for Queen. He had a PhD
 Did you know that until 2005 a married couple scheduled all of the games for the season?
 I dont know, but scheduling out all 2430 games must be no easy task.
 Oh really? I'll have to look for that video. It sounds like a good one.
 I think that it is interesting that baseball is just as popular in Japan, if not more so.
 Is he the guy that is ranked number five overall by Baseball America? If so he's a force to be reckoned with!
 No, I didn't.  That's very interesting.
 That's either amazing or just plain sad. I hear Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cellphone.
 You like bromantic comedies, that's cool.
 I know Seinfeld was the best.  They quit while they were on top, though.
 I didn't know that, I like him he's bald like me :). I think its screwy Roger Deakins was nominated 13 times for best cinematography and has never won, they owe that guy a lifetime achievement oscar at some point 
 Good! How are you? Did you know animals are considered multicllular eukaryotic organisms?
 It means they are able to move. The reproduce and grow from a clump of cells.
 Exactly! There are also animals as tiny as 8.5 millionths of a metre! The study of animals is called zoology.
 He's granted 400 wishes! Not like Paris Hilton who made it to the World Records by being "Most Overrated Celebrity".
 Hi, I am a huge fan of dogs!  I am like Google, I strongly prefer dogs over cats.  It is interesting that their code of conduct explicitly says they are a dog company!
 I love dogs too! funny theyre related to wolves but so much more lovable!
 that is very sad, I'm glad that they aren't actually colorblind though they can see colors just not as many
 I agree, I always thought they were color blind.  I was shocked to learn that French bulldogs are among the most beloved breeds in the United States and England.  
 that is shocking, also shocking that dogs have 12 different blood types!
 Yes, that is a lot more than I would have guessed!  They are one of two animals that are able to understanding pointing, which is shocking.  Elephants are the only other one.
 They should!  We should do more to help them.  It's surprising to know that there is no central data collection of clinical results from vet practices.
 apparently its a leftover from evolution when we had both gills and lungs, cool but weird!
 That is interesting how close we are related to everything we encounter.  To think that they are 20 quintillion individual animals in the world is mind blowing. 
 that is so many! also weird that animals get white patches when they are domesticated for some reason
 Very odd!  By the way, have you seen the new trailer for Aladdin?  I recently learned that Robin Williams as the genie in the animated version was really the first actor to start the trend of famous people doing voice overs. 
 ya I agree, and others like Judge judy make 120k per episode and seem ok with it, very strange
 I cannot believe that she is the second highest paid celeb.  That is just mind blowing.  I do not think I could pick her up out of a lineup.
 Ya she's second only to Lebron James, how is that possible haha
 Interesting factoid. I remember that show. I think he probably deserved it because it was a really good show. Too bad it's now around anymore. You also see less of Jim Carrey nowadays, I was thinking. Remember him?
 Yes, I read where Jim carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his beilef system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity
 True. That's a lot more recently than I would have though personally. They're even trying to say in some ways that human bahavior split off only around 50,000 years ago. I'd be surprised if it's so recent!
 On a different note...persistent hunting made humans among the best distance runners among all animals that run.  I never knew that.  Did you?
 A harlem woman held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for 20 years.
 Really? I wonder why lol, sounds like an interesting fact, I will definetely google it, do you like horses?
 Yes, I know him.
 Yeah, who else in the world has the luxury to reject offers for millions of dollars like Lebron James did??
 Lebron James is the highest paid celebrity.  After him, Judge Judy is the second highest paid.
 oh weird ok I'll have to check it out, I like that he gave 6 million dollars to charity that is nice of him
 yup it seems like it, and he has always been good at basketball, even in high school people were paying money to watch him play
 I cannot believe they paid between 100 and 120. That's nuts!
 ah interesting I'll have to check those out, pretty genius that he turned down a 10 million dollar offer only to accept a 90 million dollar offer from Nike a year later
 But for short distances, plane can be quite uncomfortable. They use small propellers ones. I have been on one, I could see the instrument panel from my seat.  
 Not that much into soccer.  I find it interesting that there is a variation where three teams face off at the same team.. That would be fun to watch! Maybe
 Mass confusion, probably. Lol But the soccer is popular it makes  more money than alot of sports combined.
 I read that Jon Stewart was a pretty good player in college.
 No, they wouldn't, just looking at him.  But apparently he represented the us at the Pan American Maccabi games in Brazil in 1983.
 That was alot of money 300,00 euros for a darn good cause, too! Kudos to him.  Wonderbah!
 No you're right about that. Maybe they should just use horses in Denmark, like in Mackinac Island, they don't even allow cars on that island
 I think it's crazy that Venus doesn't tilt. And it also has no Seasons. Sounds like a boring planet to live on if we ever get space travel going
 That does sound Wild! Another roller coaster planet would be the one where glass is being rained down sideways at 4500 miles per hour, definitely not a place for me
 Thanks you too! Keep an eye out for other planets to, Jupiter's moon would actually be considered a planet if it were orbiting the Sun
 Looks like they have a lot of fun there. There's a Winter Olympic celebration where you're supposed to wear Olympic sports gear or ski attire.
 I hear you. It's hot where I live. Star Wars as a combined box office revenue of over 8.5 billion! 
 Even if they had thought it might do well I can't imagine that anyone could have imagine the cultural phenomenon it would become, even George Lucas.
 Yeah, but George Lucas did have faith. He waived his $500k directing fee in return for licensing and merchandising rights and that made him a billionaire!
 Yeah, and interesting how James Cameron quit his job as a truck driver to enter the film industry after he watched Star Wars.
 Hahah, right? So according to George Lucas, the entire Star Wars saga is told by r2d2 a hundred years after return of the jedi. I'm not sure I knew that.
 What do you think about Pluto not being a Planet? To me it seems kind of disrespectful. 
 Have you heard the theory that some people believe the Earth is flat and that the pictures we see from NASA are photo shopped and part of a much larger government conspiracy?
 Why do you think the scientific community classifies the planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree weather as a planet? 
 I think time travel would be really cool.  I would go back and fix a lot of wrongs in this world if I could.  However, all I can do is normal travel now and so I'd like to go to Mackinac, Island, Michigan because they've banned motorized vehicles.
 Ah, you're right. And to think that 20th Century Fox thought Star Wars was going to flop. They agreed to George Lucas's proposal to forgo an extra $500 for directing so that he could keep licensing and merchandising rights. That made him a billionaire.
 Oh, James Earl Jones! I heard he spent only 2 and a half hours recording all of Darth Vadar's lines for Star Wars and was paid $7500.
 Oh, man! I don't know the answer. Did you know that 5 years after retirement 60% of players are broke? I don't understand why. They make really a lot and they make save a lot.
 why top official of NBA don't care about it? It also bad for younger generation. Did you know that there is only 1 NBA team in Canada?
 No, I don't know. Do you know?
 It was on june 6th 1946. Do you know with which company Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endosement contract with?
 No, I didn't know.
 Nice. One of the fact I didn't know that the t-shirt was invented in 1904 
 Hey how's it going. Are you a big dancer? It could be expensive because professional ballet dancers go through up to four pairs of shoes in a week.
 Ha ha I am terrible as well. But apparently Bruce Lee was a very good dancer.
 Haha yeah he must have! Another surprise dancer was Tupac who did ballet.
 Yeah back in his highschool days. He acted and danced in the nutcracker.
 Agreed. He had to keep up his rap persona. Even babies spontaneously dance when they hear music!
 Oh that's good to know. I would like to travel in a dutch commuter bus because it can go up to 160 mph.
 Yeah they would but it is a very beautiful place. Iceland sounds like a difficult place to travel as most people without cars use domestic flights.
 I like traveling by plane but road trips by car can be nice too. In Japan it would not be so nice though since all their highways are tolls. To get across the country you will pay $300.
 No I haven't. Since you can only travel by horse or walk,I would probably be more in shape!
 Definitely not Judge Judy, though she is the highest paid celebrity after LeBron James.
 I am not sure, but her name is familiar. Yeah, it's pretty silly but some of the songs they make for the show are catchy, like Bruno Mars Sesame Street songs.
 Doesn't sound that interesting, does it get better? did you see there is a harlem woman who holds free jazz concerts in her apartment? Been doing that for 20 years apparently
 Who would you say I should start listening to? I did see million dollar baby and apparently clint eastwood did the score for that, I remember it was jazzy
 huh I didn't know that, it makes sense though, have you seen trumpet players cheeks? when they play for so long their cheeks get super puffy during performances
 Did you know MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million back in 2005?
 Yep they are worth a ton. The like button is actually illegal in one of the states in Germany.
 Possibly. I saw Facebook is blue because Zuckerburg can't see red-green combinations.
 Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook. 
 Me too. Did you know there are 20 quintillion animals on Earth?
 I saw there are 1.5 million species.
 It was also good chatting with you! I saw hiccups are from early evolution when land animals had both lungs and gills.
 I believe it makes more than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey comined! That's a lot of money!!!!
 Plus it seems like they are genuine people. One donated his vistory bonus check to children needing surgeries.
 I wish we could jump on the international trend of calling it football instead of soccer.
 I want to see the variation of soccer where three teams face each other at the same time. That would be crazy!
 Just for fun, I guess. Know what else is necessary??? Kung Fu Hustle; Bill Murray thinks its a great comedy.
 Yeah, me too. Some guy found baseball cards in his grandpa's attic worth $3 million 
 Not in a long time. I heard she makes a lot of money, though!
 I don't know a lot about him, but he's the only one that makes more money than Judge Judy!
 Wow! He really made the right decision there. I heard he was popular even in high school. 
 Me neither! He was even in a cartoon called Space Jam
 Not bad for a 34 year old guy!
 Yes today, a lot of people use YouTube as a search engine making it the second largest 
 Yep, who knew that people making videos of their day, could get them to the second highest search engine! Looks like Netflicks and YouTube get most of our attention!
 I would not think Justin bieber has the most disliked song which is "baby"
 I dont, there is a law enforcement version called blutube 
 me too, They had to upgrade the view count integer due to Psy's gangnam style 
 Lets talk about the government next, the government owns a lot of land in Nevada, 86%
 I guess that is all the land they use for the Air Force testing. I know the runways and test sights take up a lot of acreage.
 interesting, the government planned to destroy Wikileaks and Wikileaks published it 
 same, lets talk about google next, google maps uses device movement to calculate traffic 
 I think it's so funny that they used goats to keep the lawn tidy instead of mowers for a while! That's very eco-friendly of them, right?
 Google maps even tailors its maps when showing disputed borders 
 When google went down for five minutes in 2013 it took 40% of web traffic with it 
 yeah, it requires a lot of computing power to perform a good search 
 Hey there! Can you believe that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode?
 Lebron is also doing a sequel for "Space Jam!" haha I've got to see that!
 That's crazy! I was a nobody in high school! He was destined for greatness! I heard he rejected a $10 million offer from reebok, then less than a year later accepted a $90 million offer from Nike! Wow, I'd love to have that money!
 Really!!! That's interesting!! I guess you can say Jamie had his game face on and wasn't messing around!
 Wow!!! I did not know that!!! That's amazing!! Her story should be told, not hidden just because she's not a celebrity. Well, its been fun talking to you. I have to go. You enjoy your day. Stay warm!!
 I wouldn't have thought that. You almost never see an in shape manager so I can't imagine that it happens too often. Maybe as a last resort pinch hitter thing. 
 There is also a programming language where the program is written in musical composition!
 And there is also a pakistanian jazz orchestra that is topping the charts there.
 Yep. Jazz trumpeters grew goatees because they provided comfort.
 Did you know that the three horizontal lines on the menu on apps are called hamburger buttons?
 There is also 3g of cell service at the very top of mount everest!
 I wonder how they even save everything on the internet! It is so vast!
 That's so interesting! Do you know Demetri Martin? He is a comedian with a few comedy specials out there, some on Netflix. He was accepted in Harvard Law and actually decided to leave and drop out because he was too bored! So he left to do comedy. 
 Yeah I would hate law school! Do you like the Internet? Apparently it can actually be addictive in the brain!
 Still. The US is the usually where the money is. But i guess there are not enough skilled players here, Jon Stewart non withstanding
 I heard that was the one that allow shoppers to take a nap on the bedding!  I could use one of those about now.
 I heard that it's really caught on, with the company getting $1 million in revenue that first month.
 I think that's a good idea.  Surprised they don't let dogs use it.  Speaking of dogs, I shouldn't forget to give mine a walk when we are done chatting.
 Wow.  Or the fact that dogs have 12 different blood types and can even donate blood.
 Complimentary naps! I can't imagine falling asleep therein public though, haha.
 And apparently it works. In the first full year they made $100  million in sales.
 It's cool that they price match Amazon!
 I actually buy dog food for an organization. I think it's cool that Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for stray dogs.
 No. That is interesting! Dogs are not colour blind, but cannot see as many different colours as humans. 
 That is pretty cool. I heard that dogs and elephants are the only animals to understand pointing. I was surprised.
 Wow. I am surprised that they closed down. I guess that don't have any luck in Vermont either. They are the only state not to have a target.
 I am amazed that there is a state senator that has to work at target to make enough money to live. I have heard it is a good company to work for.
 The first store opened in 1962 in Minnesota. Look how far they have come from that time!
 They are now selling them at Target stores. I have never seen them at a target.
 I guess they were pretty successful with selling them online. There were a lot of people who would stop by the one bedroom apartment that was his office just to try the mattress before buying
 Maybe, but that's risking getting dog hair on the mattresses. Some of the pods even have bedtime stories you can listen to. I guess they really do want customers to have the full experience
 On occasion, but I might go there more often now that I know they will price match Amazon!
 That was something that I did not know. I also did not know that Vermont is the only state without a Target.
 That means even Alaska and Hawaii have Target stores. There's a state senator, obviously not one from Vermont, who works at a Target. I guess being a Senator doesn't pay him enough to make a living
 I wonder why the state senator picked Target of all places. I thought there would be other jobs. Target hasn't carried a tobacco product since 1996. I guess they were not making enough money off cigarettes because I would expect the shareholders to be concerned about profits. 
 The herbal supplements from most of those stores are a scam, not just Target. I'm surprised even GNC is like that as well
 Seven percent actually sounds high to me. I figured it would be maybe 1%.
 I like comedies more. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because his belief system prevents him from acting in movies that aren't positive.
 Yeah, I think so. I don't really remember him performing in drama movies, ha. So I guess Michael Caine became an actor because he wanted to be in the class with the pretty girls!
 Hahaha! Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama. He made $700,000 per episode in House.
 Yeah, I was intrigued by House, though I don't usually like drama! Such an interesting character.
 Interesting. I wonder how he got into comedy. Speaking of comedy, Ryan Stiles dropped out of hih school to pursue a comedy career.
 If I were accepted into Harvard law I would think twice. But Demetri Martin left Harvard law because he was bored, in order to pursue a comedy career.
 Yeah, I liked Seinfeld and Friends but 3rd Rock beat them out in 1997 for the Golden Globe for best comedy series.
 They are so fun to watch. Especially Michael Jackson. He has a device that he patented for his lean move!
 I agree 100%. Ballet dancers can go through 4 shoes per week!
 Yes good question. Tupac was a dancer too and he did ballet in high school!
 haha yes he is. Bruce Lee was also a famous dancer, still surprising but more expected than Tupac!
 Hi! Did you know that humans probably had body hair up to 240,000 years ago? That's crazy
 I know right! Human fingers contain no muscles and are controlled by muscles in the arm and palm pulling on tendons
 Yeah I wonder what this sound is,  or if we can actually hear it.Humans get goose bumps because of an evolutionary trait that was used to make fur stand up to make the animal appear larger. 
 That's a cool way of adapting. Speaking of cool ways to adapt, the Russians made a computer that ran on water in 1936.
 Yeah,  I don't understand how that works lol Captcha is an acronym for "completely automated public turing test to tell computers and humans apart"
 Thats crazy,  so many people smoke,  they should fix that. The first computer algorithm was written by a woman named ada lovelace 
 I'm glad to see a woman contributed to computer technology. The space shuttles computer runs on only 1mb of ram.
 Wow thats really fast.  Louis braille, the inventor of the reading and writing system for the blind, braille, perfected it when he was just 15
 I can't imagine being able to create that at 15! Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of 3 military branches.
 That was a great book! An elementary school replaced desks with "reading bicycles" and test scores skyrocketed.
 Thats a good one too! Young george r. r. martin began writing by selling monster stories for pennies to other neighborhood children, dramatic readings included
 I'm glad he did that, that way he could start to be noticed for the great writer he is! Speaking of great writers, Cs Lewis and Tolkien held "you laugh, you lose" competitions over poetry.
 I really started getting into it during the last World Cup.  It is amazing that soccer makes more money than football, basketball and baseball combined.  
 Well they both take a lot of skill to perform well and require a lot of cardio.  I guess there is a version of soccer where 3 teams face each other at once
 Hey, if a small nation like Hungary, or even Iceland recently, can be successful then so can we.  Iceland only has 300,000 inhabitants I believe,
 I do! Do you know that it makes more money then most sports combined?
 Yes is makes more than football, basketball, baseball. golf, tennis, and hockey combined.
 Soccer is slang for association football. I never knew that. 
 Really?!?  That is crazy fast.
 I wondered the exact same thing, if it does that is even more amazing.
 Me either. Did you know it is the first sci-fi novel on the reading list?
 It just seems so new to have become so dominant. They also didn't start making their own content until 2012 which surprises me because they seem to have so many original programs now. 
 That is pretty amazing.  I cant believe Blockbuster didn't take the chance to buy them
 Oh wow! They really made a bad business decision. 
 I had no idea that from 9pm to 12am, netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america.
 That makes sense,  everyone is home lol Netflix has a movie that is nothing but an hour long video of a fireplace - fireplace for your home
 I know right! In 2000 netflix proposed that blockbuster should use netflix as its online service and blockbuster laughed them out of the office
 Blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $50 million. netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 In some european markets, netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which shows to purchase.
 After racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13, reed hastings was inspired to start netflix
 Awesome.  Do you watch much Disney? Disney used a special multiplane camera to make their older films like bambi more realistic
 Sure! Disney's big hero 6 was rendered using a 55,000-core supercomputer.
 Wow! Seems like a big computer!
 It would take over 9.4 million typical party balloons to lift carl's house, in the disney pixar movie "up"
 That's a lot of balloons! The toy industry gets involved in disney animations even before the beginning of the film production.
 thats awesome.  Well they gotta make money and advertise!  lol
 The development of the disney animated film wreck-it-ralph started in the late 1980's, spanning nearly three decades and four working titles.
 During the 70s, disney recycled a lot of their animation frames, resulting in identical scenes in some movies
 Yes, I do. Netflix accounts for 33% of all the bandwidth in North America. I find that interesting. 
 That's a lot! It was founded in 1997.
 they have 137 million subscibers. That's a ton!
 That is crazy! I can't believe Blockbuster declined to buy netflix for $50 million. It is now worth $2 billion. That would have been a good investment. 
 That is interesting. Do you travel?
 Horse drawn carriage seems so tedious, not the travel but the preperation. To hook up a horse to a buggy and then get the buggy, etc.
 It is crazy though how it all started. It was over $40 in late fees
 It's crazy that Blockbuster never bought netflix when they had the chance for $50 million
 Netflix earned 3.91 billion!
 I wonder if all the actors did the voice for the Video Game sequel from 2005.
 Did you know the NES could only display 54 colors!
 I think he is interesting. Hard to believe he is the voice of Edna Mode.
 haha ya I didn't know that, also didn't realize it is supposed to take place in the 60's, it has an older aesthetic but still advanced technology
 That's pretty cool. Hard to believe a sequel was out 13 years before the movie.
 ya the first one doesn't seem like it came out that long ago but it did haha, apparently there was a videogame sequel called Rise of the Underminer, I never knew of that
 I haven't played a Switch before but I hear they are fun. I saw Japan discontinued Nintendo back in 2003.
 ya its impressive that the system lasted that long, I'm just happy we don't use Chickens for entertainment like Britain did in 50BC lol
 Bill Murray is hilarious, but not so sure on his opinion of Kung Fu Hustle. I didn't think it was that funny.
 ya I thought it was ok but not a "supreme achievement", I do love Seinfeld though I can't believe it lost a golden globe to 3rd rock from the sun
 That's really hard to believe that it lost to 3rd Rock. I loved Seinfeld and Friends.
 I am not a fan of Monty Python. Funny that the Python programming language was partly named from it though.
 I would love to see it with my kids too. I saw the present day events in the movie are actually set back in the 1960s.
 I was unaware that the voice of Edna was done by a man, the director of the movie in fact.
 Pretty interesting that he was able to pull it off. 
 I used to love playing Nintendo. I saw it can only be displayed in 54 colors.
 Whatever gamin system you use it sure beats using chickens for entertainment like the Brits did in the time of Caesar
 It has. In fact, it came out in 2004.  But surprisingly enough, a sequel was released in the form of a video game called Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer 13 years before Incredibles 2 came out!
 That is actually mine as well! Isn't it hard to believe the Nintendo Entertainment System could only display 54 colors?
 So true. It's also hard to believe it wasn't discontinued until 2003 in Japan. I figured it was discontinued long before then!
 Oh cool thanks! Do you like video games? 13 years before incredibles 2 came out there was a video game about it!
 No I never have but sounds interesting. I like Nintendo though, even though it originally only displayed 54 colors lol.
 Yeah for it's time it was revolutionary! When Caesar visited Britain he was surprised to learn they used chickens for entertainment!
 Yeah according to Bill murray who has it was a supreme achievement. Sounds like a good recommendation.
 You as well. Have a great day! The green lantern film may also be worth watching. It was originally supposed to star Jack Black.
 Yeah, I kind of agree. The other show I like is 3rd Rock. I think they won over Seinfeld one year. WOW.
 Yeah, no comparison. It was in 1997 that 3rd Rock beat them out.
 I haven't! What is it about? Does it have Bruce Lee in it?
 Huh, I'm not into Bill murray. So I wonder why he likes it.
 I just like to laugh. What about you? Do you like the Drama from it?
 I loved third rock from the sun! I saw sally on another show the other day, She has gained some weight. I like the dramatic irony they had on that show.
 It actually beat Seinfeld for the emmy back in 1997. What else do you do for entertainment?
 I love music, how bout you?
 really? I had no idea it was in production that long! It was a good solid system too.
 It was. A lot of great games. It's amazing what they could do with just 54 colors to display.
 Did you know he won a contest as a Steve Martin look alike?
 I thought it was a fun fact about him. I learned alot from his show.
 I think you mean 2003, but the gamecube had already been out for 2 years prior to that, and they were no longer even making games for the nes or snes  in favor of the nintendo64 at that point, they just stopped making them all together in 2003.
 Haha. where was that? Yeah maybe so. Entertainment was first created in royal courts but then advanced to be available to all citizens. 
 Oh nice I still have to see it. I love watching comedy central though. it is even older than me (created in 1989).
 Awesome I love those shows. The GOT season finale is going to be epic I'm sure. I also like The Americans from FX. Do you like satire? I thought it was the same as parodies but they are a bit different.
 Did you even own a nes or a snes? They stopped making them in 2003.
 I guess people get these odd notions in their head.  I'd just be happy to work at a place like Pixar and do my best no matter what.
 Yes, it was very good. The present day events in the movie are actually set in the 1960s.
 I started out with the original console myself. Hard to believe how much technology has advanced since then.
 Yep I guess so. Weird to know that in 50BC, the Britains would breed chickens for entertainment and not food. 
 I did not know that. I guess we have the Greeks to thank for our laughter then LOL.
 I agree. Hard to believe they have cancelled over 100 shows since 1989.
 I also find that pretty crazy. I loved Friends and can't believe 3rd Rock beat it out.
 Yes, In ancient Greece they used dramatic irony to provoke laughter. Using it to portray persons or social institutions as ridiculous or corrupt.
 I think so,  Caesar around 50bc bred chicken for entertainment, not for food.
 Yes, I think my son still has one somewhere! I didn't realize it could only display 54 colors.
 I have.  I was surprised that it's already been 15 years since the first one came out in 2004.
 They are set in the 60's?  I thought it was supposed to be present times.  Ill have to look at that.
 I honestly don't know but that's a great question. But speaking of video games, did you ever play the Nintendo Entertainment System? It's crazy to think it only displayed 54 colors!
 Same here! I can't believe it wasn't discontinued until 2003 in Japan. I figured it was discontinued long before then!
 It was a big transition, and I do enjoy some of his takes and bits, but I do not watch nearly as much as I used to.
 Maybe up to that point, Seinfeld had won so much that the GG's said lets give another show a trophy!
 Gold Jerry, Gold!  I saw Kung Fu Hustle and didn't understand the hype and acclaim - from some comedy giants?!?!?
 I did not! I am curious now and will go and do a little research of her and learn a little bit about her, thank you!
 His name was French something. I know who you mean. Did you know that in 1997 it won the Golden Globe for best comedy and beat Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier?!
 I never was a fan of Frasier but I'm shocked it beat Seinfeld and Friends. 
 Did you know there was a sequel to the Incredibles before 2 - it was a video game!
 Yes - movies are a popular form of entertainment these days, but things used to be different.  Chickens were raised for entertainment in 50 BC
 That is pretty funny.  I knew Reagan was rejected for a movie where he would have played a president because he did not look presidential!
 For sure.  I mean Nintendo kept the system going all the way until 2003!
 Yes I love coffee. I went to the Starbucks on third and Pennsylvania the other day and there was a Congressman with his two staffers with him.
 The voice of Edna is actually a man. No woman could do the voice as well as him. His name is Brad Bird.
 Not a woman really? well he does a great job, and Brad Bird as the director of the movie?
 Yup he is doing both jobs. Did you know that he intentionally used artist that were going to be fired or quit from Pixar because he thought that they were the only ones who could create everything that he needed?
 What about 3rd Rock From the Sun? I was so happy when it won a Golden Globe back in 97. It surprisingly beat out Friends, Frasier and Seinfeld as well which were all great shows.
 I thought it was a unique film but not sure I totally agree with him on it being the best recent comedy. I am a big fan of his though.
 They are great and worth it! So did you ever play the Nintendo Entertainment System? It's hard to believe it could only display 54 colors. That's crazy!
 Agreed! You know, it wasn't discontinued in Japan until 2003. I figured it would have been earlier than that!
 Yeah that is surprising, maybe it would be easier to get a replacement than I thought
 So true. And it's crazy that the present day events of the Incredibles are set way back in the 1960s, isn't it!
 It's pretty amazing how far technology has advanced since Nintendo.
 Agreed! A lot of advancements in science too. I remember learning about science with Bill Nye. He surprisingly made his break by looking like Steve Martin oddly enough.
 That's funny. He looks nothing like Steve Martin in my opinion.
 I haven't seen that show yet. Did you know Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a role because he didn't look like a president?
 I have not seen 3rd Rock, but hard to believe it beat out Frasier, Friends, and Seinfeld for a Golden Globe.
 Yeah good point. I have also never heard of the british comedy group Monty Python but apparently they are good if they have a programming language named after them!
 I was in the Marine Corps as well so I would love to see it. 
 Nice. I've read that comedy central cancelled over 100 different shows since creation in 1989. It looks like a lot. 
 Really??? I had no idea... Wow! It's surprising me!
 I honestly didn't watch yet. I was sick when my friends went to watch it. Just changing a topic. Ronald Reagan was once rejected for movie role and he was told that he didn't have "that presidential look". It made me smile haha
 Oh wow! That was a huge mistake on their part. How ironic. 
 Hard to believe that it was 13 years before the incredibles sequel came out!
 See that surprises me because I thought that Bill Nye was popular before Steve Martin. Back before he got crazy his show was pretty good. 
 Haha yes! Hard to believe Edna Mode's voice is the director Brad Bird.
 Haha yep. Hard to believe the present day events in the Incredibles 2 are set in the 1960s.
 It's crazy how much technology has advanced since then.
 I have not seen it, but hard to believe it beat out Frasier, Friends, and Seinfeld for a Golden Globe back in 1997.
 I loved those sitcoms. Did you see Comedy Central cancelled 100 shows since it's creation? 
 Sounds cool.  Did you know Bill Nye got his start my winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest?  I don't see the resemblance. 
 I don't see it either but maybe with a good costume and some makeup he could pull it off.
 I think we did too.  It was tough surviving my son and his friends. It lasted in Japan until 2003.
 Yeah, I agree.  Can you believe the Green Lantern movie originally wanted to star Jack Black?  It was going to be a comedy.  It would have flopped worse that it did.
 I don't think that's very accurate lol. I've seen that movie and don't think it's very funny.
 I have never seen it. Hard to believe it beat out Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier from a golden globe.
 Wow I didn't know that. I used to watch Comedy Central back in the day, but haven't seen it in awhile.
 That's pretty crazy. Time is flying by way too fast. 
 That's way before my time.
 I hope they still have their jobs now!
 The films director voices Edna Mode. A female character voiced by a male
 I had an Atari back in the day, I had to save forever to but those games.  Now you just down load them in a matter of minutes.  
 It sounds like a Monty Python sketch to me.  Good talking to you, have a good day.
 I can't believe it's been 15 years since the first movie came out!
 I did not get to see that one.  Living about 45 miles from the nearest theater, I tend to wait until its on streaming (Netflix / Amazon Prime).  But I really liked the first one.  I recently learned that "Edna" the seamstress is voiced by the film's director Brad Bird.  Apparently, he did the voice-over during storyboarding and they could not find an actress as good, so he kept the role.
 Considering Nitendo started when you could still buy Black & White TVs, 54 colors was a big deal.  But, apparently it was popular enough to last more than a decade, being discontinued in 2003 in Japan.
 Whatever he saw, I guess it worked out. Ha! He must be a smart man! I mentioned the video game previously and out of curiosity, did you ever play the Nintendo Entertainment System? It's hard to believe it could only display 54 colors!
 Same here. I honestly was surprised that it wasn't discontinued until 2003 in Japan. I figured it was discontinued long before then.
 That's a good question! Are you familiar with Bill Nye? You know he got his entertainment break after he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest. That's rather strange, huh? 
 That's a ton! I saw that Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in comedy.
 I have not seen it yet either. I saw the Green Lantern film was originally going to be a comedy.
 That's interesting and definitely time flies by. 
 I did.  I can't believe it's been 15 years already since the first one came out in 2004.
 That's pretty crazy. I saw the movie is actually set in the 1960s.
 That's very cool that it was the voice of Brad Bird. 
 Hello. What do you like to do for entertainment? I used to watch Bill Nye the science guy who actually became famous because he won a steve martin lookalike contest!
 Agreed. Back in the day in Britain people used to breed chickens for entertainment according to Caesar in 50bc! 
 Yeah they had to be creative lol! One entertainment executive said Ronald Reagan didn't look presidential but boy was he wrong!
 haha yes good memory I remember that. Do you also like Bill Murray? He said that Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of modern age in terms of comedy!
 Yep I agree with you. I have a soft spot for him, and I guess he was going to originally be in that Green Lantern movie that starred Ryan Reynolds, you know the one that's horrible LOL
 Yep I love Monty Python. And I also am a programmer and even I didn't know that the programming language python was named after them that school
 Haha yep me too. Think about Comedy Central though? I think they are not very good, the only thing I watched on there is South Park, and they always cancel shows, so I believe that them canceling 100 shows since 1989 is pretty spot-on
 LOL I could see that. Did you ever watch the show 3rd Rock From the Sun? I liked Seinfeld a lot back in the day, and apparently Third Rock Beat It In The Comedy Awards for 1997
 Yea, it's funny how Bill Nye got his start by winning a Steve Martin look-alike contest, I thought he got his start on PBS
 Yea I love Seinfeld, I'm surprised 3rd Rock from the Sun beat them for best comedy series at the 1997 Golden Globes
 Yeah, I used to like that too. It only was able to display 54 colors but I was enthralled by it.
 As a kid I alsoliked to watch Friends and Seinfeld. It's surprising that 3rd rock from the sun beat those shows for best comedy series in 97.
 I know, 3rd Rock was good , no doubt, but not on the same level.
 Really? It seems like more. Of course with those kinds of games you dont' really notice. 
 xbox one. I don't see them discontinuing that one anytime soon like they did back in the day with nintendo. Hard to believe it has been 16 years since they made them. 
 I was surprised to learn it beat out friends for an award. I never would have guessed anything in the same category would beat out friends. 
 I really couldn't agree with that either. I would have thought he would pick one of his movies. He is a hilarious comedian. 
 Yeah exactly and sometimes the most craziest theories are correct. Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of this century!
 Bummer what's the fun in that! What's crazy is that days were only 5.5 hours long when the earth was first formed. 
 Can you imagine that? I would be like a 125 years old by now, really wise 
 Unbelievable! The gravitational pull between earth and the moon causes the tides to change!
 It was very good. I haven't seen the second one yet. I saw it's actually set in the 1960s.
 Apparently the Brad Bird who is the director is also the voice of Edna Mode.
 I guess not lol. 
 I love Bill Murray. I saw that he thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of modern day comedy.
 Did you know the Green Lantern was originally going to be a comedy?
 Awesome me as well. I used to watch comedy central a lot on tv. It cancelled over 100 shows since being created in 1989!
 True. One show I want to watch is 3rd rock from the sun. It won the golden globe for best comedy in 1997 beating seinfel, friends, and frasier!
 It is kind of crazy.  I always though Friends was funnier.
 Didn't know chickens were so entertaining! I always wonder how Bill Nye got famous and he apparently won a Steve Martin look alike contest. They don't even look that similar.
 Yeah he did. I also love playing video games. Did you have the original nintendo? It was only able to show 54 colors on screen!
 Yeah that's cool.  I didn't know that the word comedy derives from a Greek word
 Huh interesting.  You're probably right.  Did you read that description about the honey-cardamom-lavender sorbet that Posner's daughter loves? It sounds so good
 I've only seen the first one myself. I would love to go see the second one though. Pixar makes the greatest movies I think. Brad Bird does seem like an interesting guy.
 Yeah good question. I will have to watch and find out. Sarah Vowell was the voice of Violet and she is a published author and a political commentator!
 Yeah I do. I have xbox now but I used to. Crazy ut used to only display 54 colors.
 I have a PS4 that I play now. Hard to believe how much technology has advanced since Nintendo.
 Did you know Bill Nye got his break after winning a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 I can't believe Jack Black was going to be in Green Lantern. I bet he would have been hilarious!
 I've actually never heard of the group or seen the language. But kind of funny they have a programming language named after them! You have a great day!
 which came out 13 years ago! it doesn't seem like its been that long
 someone made a video game??
 which they are doing a crazy good job at. Just look at how well Marvel is doing
 oh man, can you believe 3rd Rock beat out Friends and Seinfeld for an emmy?
 That is a little surprising. I would have though the cult following of friends and its ratings would have given it the edge but 3rd rock was pretty hilarious. 
 it was but i always thought the other shows were more highly rated back then than 3rd Rock. I guess not though
 Thats located in the D.C area,wow I didnt know, I guess thats another must go attraction in the area
 yea! Shes the short little lady who makes their costumes isnt she?
 me too, but did you know if lost out on an emmy to 3rd Rock From the Sun? along with Friends and Fraser
 Yeah, it's surprising that it lasted all the way to 2003 when they finally discontinued it!
 You know, I did not know Netflix and chill was also a euphemism for sexual activity. I kept telling people that I like to Netflix and Chill and they looked at me funny. So, did you know there is also an incredibles sequel but in video game form?
 She is actually the voice of Violet but she's also a political commentator and successful historical nonfiction author. Wonder how she got into voice work!
 Interesting! It's funny that they could not find a better voice for Edna Mode than the film's director though! They attempted to find an actress but could not find one that satisfied them.
 ya I like him in the movie, I also like Edna Mode, I didn't know the director of the movie does her voice
 I liked both, but actually preferred the 2005 video game.
 Maybe a few times a week.    Quite a big change from the folks who once bred chickens for entertainment.
 That is ironic.      Comedy and tragedy is a thin line.     See the green lantern movie!
 I feel my perfect day would be a little more indulgent.  I can eat healthy any time, a perfect day for me might involve alcohol and calories.
 I know, I feel like that with so many things.  It still holds up well, though.  The second one is just as good.
 Movies and video games are getting closer and closer, soon it will be just the one thing.  I'm amazed at the games my son plays on his console, way better than Pong!
 I thought it was sill around.  It's a whole lot better than watching chickens for fun like the Brits used to do in the times of Caesar!
 No, my kids did.  They didn't discontinue that system in Japan until 2003.
 It's crazy.  Crazy like Ronald Reagan getting turned down for a part playing a president.  He didn't have that "presidential look".  Funny...
 Agreed. Can you also believe the Green Lantern movie was initially going to be a comedy with Jack Black? I would have like to have seen that!
 You maybe right about that. Ha! Speaking of video games, did you ever play the Nintendo Entertainment System? It's hard to believe it could only display 54 colors!
 I loved it as well! In fact, I can't believe it wasn't discontinued until 2003 in Japan. I figured it was long before that!
 I didn't know about the video game. That makes sense though because it was 13 years between movies. They had to keep the fans interested. 
 I always wondered about that because sometimes it seems like the 60's but then there is modern day stuff mixed in like the behaviors of the characters and cars. 
 I always thought that they got hedy from ncis la to voice that character. It almost seems based on her. 
 Really!? I guess if you spend a lot of time on the radio it makes sense to make the transition to voice actor for animation. 
 Yeah I don't know about chickens for entertainment. That seems odd even for ancient times. 
 That  makes more sense, I guess the director has great vocals, its hard to make a voice like that specially if you are a mlae
 Yeah nice! They've killed a lot of shows since then.
 Yes. I was surprised that it actually beat Seinfeld for a Golden Globe in 1997. 
 Really? Amazing what they can do with just a few colors. They were selling it in Japan until 2003.
 It was tough.  It survived my son. Funny, Bill Nye got his start in a contest to look like Steve Martin.  He won...
 I see the resemblance. I enjoyed the show when it was on.
 Was it good?  Speaking of presidents, Ronald Reagan was once refused a movie part because he didn't look presidential enough.
 I loved the first one too. I haven't seen the second one yet. Apparently, it's set in the 1960s.
 That's what I thought too. The director, Brad Bird, actually plays the voice for Edna Mode.
 That's neat.  When creating the movie he intentionally looked for the people who had been fired from Pixar  cause he believed that they would be the only ones able to create the movie.
 Duck Hunt was awesome! Nintendo is only able to display 54 colors.
 Yes me too! Japan apparently discontinued Nintendo back in 2003.
 Did you know Bill Nye got his break when he won a look alike contest for looking like Steve Martin?
 Its astonishing that Comedy Central has cancelled so many shows since being founded in 1989
 I bet you are right.  I can't believe that the Green Lantern was conceived as a comedy with Jack Black.
 13 years! So does that mean you played the video game from that came out before the first movie?
 Wow I never knew that. And I just learned the actress that did Violet's voice is famous for political commentary and a best selling author of historical nonfiction. Talk about talent.
 That makes sense because I've never heard of her. Usually the voices are actors and actresses you've heard of. I didn't realize or pick up on the fact that it was set in the 1960's. It seemed more modern than that. Not today's world but that still surprised me.
 Well the 1960s were so futuristic that it feels a bit modern now.  Disney is really talented at everything they do. Unfortunately, Comedy Central has not had the same record and has cancelled over 100 shows.
 I learned that Green Lantern film was supposed to be a comedy featuring Jack Black. I think that is one time it is much better not to do comedy.
 Yes, I agree. Can't quiet imagine that as a comedy so they probably made the right decision. I didn't see Kung Fu hustle, the movie that Bill Murray thinks is the best modern comedy. Did you see it?
 Yes we've seen them. I don't actually love them but they are some of my husbands favorite! He loves that kind of humor. We also watched Seinfeld and Frazier and was surprised when 3rd rock from the sun, beat them for the best comedy in 1997.
 I agree! Entertainment is very subjective, people used to bred chickens for entertainment for fun not food in 50 bc.
 I played the original Nintendo and I am so surprised that they discontinued it in 2003. That seems like a long time!
 Wow! What a fun fact. Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and fun information today.
 Yeah it was. IT was still being made in Japan up until 2003.
 Yeah, core gameplay is the most important. Beats the days when chickens were the only entertainment. Caesar visited britain in 50BC and noted that they used chickens for fun and not food!
 ya that is shocking, I never noticed that, it was a great system I can't believe it lasted until 2003 in Japan
 well he actually got his start after he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest, that was his gateway to fame, very interesting
 ya, on the same note I didn't like the movie Green Lantern with Ryan Reynolds, apparently they were originally going to have Jack Black in that movie, I bet it would have been a better movie haha
 cool, there are some cool facts about the movie. the woman that voices Violet the teenage girl, is a political commentator, i found this funny
 I didn't know that.  I recognized one of the voices, Violet I think.  Maybe that is the one you are talking about, I could place where I'd heard her.
 cool, and the fashion designer, Edna Mode, her voice was made by Brad Bird the films director.. he did a great job
 I would not have peg that character as having a voice done by  a man. I remember the original, that was fun, over ten years old I believe.
 They are far superior, but people will still be entertained by the most basic of games.  Give someone a simple version of Pong and they'll still play for hours.
 I'm guessing soon games and movies will merge into one for our entertainment.  There was this show on Netflix over the Holiday where you could make choices about the character and what he does.
 ya it sounds like it $300 to travel across the whole country
 ya like iceland, I guess they don't have rail so they fly from city to city
 Yes, I did. Things have advanced so much since then!
 lol, I did too! Its interesting Caesar used chickens for entertainment instead food around 50bc.
 I agree, can be upsetting! That entertainment executive got it wrong thinking Ronald Reagan didn't have a presidential look.
 lol,  I bet he was. Its interesting comedy origins come from ancient Greece.
 I think you're right. They still do! 
 Oh I guess I never realized that. Brad Bird used artists who were likely to quit or be fired because he believed only them could create what he needed.
 Wow lots of talent he has! Sarah Vowell, who voiced Violet, is a bestselling author of a historical nonfiction!
 Yes I play xbox. I remember playing the old Nintendo though. It was awesome. Just back in 2003 it was discontinued though. How about you?
 I honestly don't see it though, haha. Britain around 50bc didn't breed chickens for food but for entertainment, Caesar found out this when he visited. 
 Interesting I wonder what kind of entertainment. I know they still do cock fighting to this day some places. The ancient Greeks were the first to make comedic entertainment. 
 I did actually. Haha it would have been so good with Jack Black!!! Monty python was popular as well. The creator of python programming language named it to honor the british comedy group monty python!
 Jeez that seems excessive but I guess it's all about making that money. Hard to believe they have been around for so long seeing as they were created in 1989. 
 Very basic but fun to play. I saw that it was discontinued in Japan back in 2003. 
 The newer systems are definitely much better. Did you know Bill Nye got his break from a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 That's hilarious! Did you know in Britain back in 50BC, they bred chickens for entertainment and not food?
 I think so too. Incredibles 2 was set in the 1960s.
 I used to have system yeah, I can believe it only had 54 colors vs the thousands of colors consoles have  now 
 Really? A Steve Martin lookalike contest? that's way to funny, 
 I have not seen it yet, but I really want to. The present day events of the Incredibles are actually set in 1960.
 I saw that Edna Mode is voiced by Brad Bird who is the films director.
 I agree. That's very interesting that she also designs the costumes.
 it is. even crazier is that the woman who voices Violet is usually a political commentator. I had no idea
 Oh wow I had no idea either. Switching gears a bit, did you know Nintendo can only be displayed in 54 colors?
 I agree. Nintendo was discontinued in Japan back in 2003.
 That is pretty crazy. People in Britain around 50BC bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment.
 I agree. Did you know Bill Nye got his break by winning a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 i find that almost unbelievable. mostly because he looks nothing like him!
 I agree lol! Ronald Reagan once was rejected from a movie role because he didn't have the presidential look according to the executive....LOL.
 I don't agree with him either. That movie isn't very funny I don't think.
 I would have loved to see that movie with Jack Black. I saw that 3rd Rock from the Sun won a golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
 I think it's crazy that it beat out Seinfeld and Friends. Very hard to imagine that happening.
 That's good they haven't cancelled that one yet. I used to watch South Park a lot back in the day.
 Yea it's tough finding time to play them. Did you know Bill Nye got his break from a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 Yep lol. Ronald Reagan was once turned down a movie role because he didn't fit the presidential look.
 That's pretty interesting. I saw that it was actually set in the 1960s.
 That's crazy it can only be displayed in 54 colors. Hard to believe how fast technology has advanced since then.
 They were lots of fun. Did you know Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't have the presidential look?
 Lol...no idea. Did you know Britain back in 50BC bred chickens for entertainment and not food?
 Just difficult to believe, honestly. They didn't reach bankruptcy with such results? Really?
 Interesting! I was too young at this time, but I guess it's not difficult to find online. I didn't know that the creator of python language for programming named it partly to honor British comedy group monty python.
 It was one of the first consoles I owned. Did you know they sold until 2003 in Japan?
 Nice same with me. I hope to see the second one soon. Sarah Vowell, the voice of Violet, is predominantly a political commentator! 
 I agree. Oh wow I didn't know! I didn't know that the present day events of the incredibles are set in 1960's, I thought it was more modern.
 Wow.  Ill have to watch it again to see if I can pick up on that.  I too thought it was modern.
 Yeah I loved that movie too. Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the best comedy achievement in the modern era...I haven't even seen it!
 I am not sure. Let me look.
 Kin Da has great tofu 
 I dont understand the logic used by director Brad Bird to pick artists likely to be fired.
 I know, I remember watching it, but I don't think it's near as good as any of those shows. 
 It's a possibility. Did you know that Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989?
 Yes, I agree, I didn't know Bill Nye looked like Steve Martin?
 Really, I guess the movie entertainment executive got it wrong with Ronald Reagan didn't have that presidential look!
 His acting days were so long ago Have you seen the kung fu hustle in terms of comedy. Bill Murray thinks its the supreme achievement! lol
 A lot of people seem to have gluten issues. Narrowing your choices can be healthier in the long run. I didn't realize Comedy Central cancelled over 100 shows.
 I love Jack Black, he's so funny! Interesting he was going to play in the Green Lantern film.
 Yeah... but they were seeking out a female actress for the voice though before they decided that the directors voice was the right one.
 Oh yeah, i did not know that?  That's a pretty good accomplishment!
 I thought the movie was unique but I did not think it was the biggest achievement in modern comedy.
 Yeah I really like his movies. I didn't see Holmes and Watson but I read that it was pretty disappointing.
 i know! thats so crazy i always though it was a womans voice.
 I heard that is what Aaron Posner consider part of a perfect day.  I would say that is part of a regular day, a perfect day might involve more indulgence.  
 I can't imagine how many colors the new consoles display.  Still, you can put on some of those really old games and people will still play them for ever, Tetris.
 That's pretty amazing. I saw that the present day events are actually set in the 1960s.
 That's very cool. Brad Bird used artists who were likely to either quit or be fired.
 I heard that he believed they could create everything that he needed. 
 I love Nintendo as well. I saw that it was discontinued in Japan back in 2003.
 I think that's kind of odd because that movie isn't really that funny.
 It won a golden globe for best comedy series in 1997 beating out seinfeld
 Friends and Frasier were also the other shows it beat
 IT was still being made up until 2003 in Japan Thats a long lifetime
 yeah, seems like pixar does a good job. speaking of jobs, you see this director brad bird intentionally hired artists he thought would quit because he believed only they could create everything he needed. How would you like to work for that guy?
 I would not like to work for him lol. I also saw that he does the voice for Edna Mode in the movie.
 I wish it would have been Jack Black. I think it would have been hilarious if he was in the movie.
 I think so. I saw that Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age with regards to comedy.
 I haven't heard that, but I would love to see that if they did. I really like Bill Murray.
 I dont watch much tv anymore. I liked 3rd rock from the sun but beating out seinfeld, friends and frasier in 1997 for the golden globe?
 I don't watch much TV anymore either. I think that's crazy 3rd Rock beat all of those other shows. I loved Friends.
 I was not a huge fan of Monty Python, but pretty cool the Python programming language is partly named after it.
 That is crazy, I don't know if I can even believe that, interesting.  
 I didn't even know they had water in space.  The USMC are investigating drop pods from space to deploy to any place on earth.  I wonder what else those are used for?
 That is a cool fact, never knew that.  Yeah I go there every once in a while myself. 
 If that racer went to South Africa, he could equip his car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking!
 It was nice chatting!  Hope I get to be an astronaut so I can get a corvette!
 True.  Most people have dogs as companions, and they are good for that, but my dogs also like to work.  My dogs are for herding and cutting cattle.  Piper had a very interesting occupation as a working dog!
 Those dogs are true companions! You must have one of those bigger dogs than a sensible Yorkie for them to herd or cattle. I wish my dogs can learn words or reason better, they can learn over a thousand words and reason better than chimps. I wonder how I test that.
 Yeah, I'm not sure how they monitor the false information especially with controversial investors, but without a doubt, Reddit alone had more than a billion comments and upvotes!
 I didn't know you can train the cats to do things like that, I didn't know that about Instanbul either. Do you feed your dogs a starch-rich diet, I think they thrive better on those diets.
 How does the internet burn down? That is a ton of data to store! Considering that networks consists of private, public, academic, business, government, if everyone kept a copy of the data, that is such a big risk!
 Amazing and I have just started to get into Reddit.
 I can remember when it was a dial up modem to connect!
 At the time it was ok, but knowing what we do now, even our chat, it's unbelievable.
 I am probably hooked and don't know it, but I know about the "hamburger button" because of it!
 hey did you hear theres a theory that there is only one electron in the entire galaxy?
 no I didn't, but I do know that Elon Musk thinks the whole universe is made up of a hologram
 That is bizarre - I have heard that the entire universe may exist inside of a black hole.  Makes your head spin!
 ya its crazy but I don't know how that works, also how universes are evolving, apparently through natural selection, just crazy!
 And the people who said that were almost killed for stating those beliefs!  I just love the fact that the deepest sound in the universe is emitted by a black home!
 haha wait a black home or a black hole lol? do you drive a car btw
 haha neither do I, I do like the drive through, can't believe it was invented in 1975
 Yes for the military of all things!  The coolest thing I just learned a couple of years ago was that the arrow next to the pump signal on your car tells you where your gas cap is
 ya that is super useful, also useful would be a flamethrower on my car! that is actually legal in south africa
 Have a flamethrower on a self-driving car - that would be killing it.  Of course if I drive in India I need a car like an Audi with an extra-strong horn because I will need it!
 I have never heard that.  But I do know that even if you are in the space station, you are still allowed to vote!
 that is good to know, I think it's cool that they are developing drop pods to deploy military units from space, tahts like from a videogame!
 I do not know. There is also a theory that the universe may be one giant superhologram which blows my mind. 
 I did not. That had to be a pain. Did you know that in South Africa you can legally equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking? That's crazy!
 He was a video game player that beat 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo. He then became a professional race car driver. I don't understand how that translates. 
 These stars with their big ideas, I hear she donated all the proceeds from Wildest Dream to African Wildlife Conservation.
 I did not know that. That's a lot of land! Did you know that 2 years before he interrupted her onstage Kanye West did a skit on SNL mocking himself for interrupting awards shows?!
 You know I had heard that somewhere, I didn't realize it was true.  You know she was the youngest artist ever to sign with Sony/ATV Music publishing house?
 I knew she was young when she started but I did not know that. Her music has become so popular that she once accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and it topped the Canadian ITunes charts! 
 Oh, wow that's just silly about the white noise, what are those Canadians thinking? I hear she walks backwards to avoid being photographed.
 Yes, I spend alot of time on the internet.  I hear the astronauts in space have alot faster internet than most Americans do at home.
 Do you realize that humans are the minority on the internet?  We are outnumbered by automated software programs.
 That's a cool fact to know if I'm ever in Tibet.  Lol
 It seems the cover of September that she did came under some criticism.
 She usually doesn't have to do much to impress people. One time she accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and it went to the top of the Canadian iTunes charts!
 Knowing that there are more possible moves than there are atoms in the known universe makes me a novice
 A chess grandmaster beat a family friend at age 5 without even looking at the board!
 Soldiers in WW2 made radios using pencils and razor blades
 Texas elected their first female governor before the 19th amendment. Thats shocking
 Hi, how are you today? I guess Taylor Swift did a remake of "Earth, Wind and Fire." Oh boy.
 No, how about you?
 Right. I didn' know that she was from Pennsylvania. She's usually pretty good.
 Really? Weird. She won't allow her music on Spotify because it's free listening.
 Do you know where in PA? She is only 30 years old. she should stick to writing her own songs. ;)
 Yes, I agree with that too. I liked the one about Jupiter and how some of it's radio storms are so strong that they can be heard on AM radio.
 Interesting. I found it also interesting how they do not have any republicans in the state senate. And only 5 of 51 in the state house.
 You would think the President of World Chess would understand the history of the game a bit more rather than thinking aliens created the game
 I agree lol,that doesnt help with his bad boy attittude, I bet his friends made fun of him big time
 haha ya, I do like that Michael Jackson patented his leaning device he used for the extreme leans, I can't picture anyone else doing that move personally
 ya I think he won a dancing championship actually! I guess martial arts are just dance moves used for defending yourself haha
 haah that would be fun! I wish I had a twin, we could get into a lot of crazy situations! do you like pink floyd at all? Dark side of the moon is still one of the best selling albums
 ah I did see it, it was OK I didn't think it was amazing personally, I did like iron man better, I guess in the marvel universe Black Panther is the richest, even richer than Tony Stark
 haha nice. Yeah that would be cool. There would be a lot of fun performers to see too. Led Zeppelin would be fun to see. They didn't title their fourth album to confuse the press!
 Yeah that's very nice to hear. Aerosmith is a good band too but they made more money from guitar hero than any album!
 That would be epic. Even parrots are able to dance!
 Oh wow that is cool he danced I didn't realize that. Mr. Rogers also breakdanced! Have a good day!
 I am not much of a dancer either.  But one of my martial arts idols, Bruce Lee, actually won a Cha-Cha championship back in 1958
 It's funny, that King T'challa is actually the richest super hero. I always thought it was Tony Stark.
 They are mine too.  It is amazing their Straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum without a tour or air play.
 I also like Linkin Park, and am surprised that their Hybrid Theory is still the best selling album of this century.
 He is! 500 billion. It's a different universe, but even batman is only worth 80 billion. 
 ha ha! They probably wanted to buy nintendo instead
 Man..i remember him when he was just a sitcom star. not sure if he did chuck lorre stuff
 No I did not know that. I also did not know that Blockbuster lost out on buying Netflix.
 Hes such a nice guy that he wont play bad guys, which I found fascinating
 I did. I actually still have mine and play it with my best friend from time to time
 Oh, cool! I am so envy, thank you, I will give you an excellent. Have a nice day!
 Yeah, I wonder if he has any regrets.  I think it's funny that Korean rappers developed a new rap freestyle called "compliment battle".
 My kids liked Rugrat.  I guess rapper Busta Rhymes did the voice for the Reptar Wagon in the Rugrats Movie.
 I haven't seen flying snakes either.  It would be scary to see the thing flying at you!  
 Yes, we are subscribers too. We were even subscribers back when the DVD's were mailed to you. I wonder if they still spent 20 times more on postage than bandwidth? I didn't know people still got them mailed out to their homes?
 I didnt know that either is that even a choice? well Netflix is a giant now, to think it all started because of a late fee 
 Right! We often racked up late fees when we used Blockbuster. Imagine how they feel, knowing they could have bought Netflix for 50 million!
 Yes, I guess anyone who makes 8.5 Billion at the box office can refuse to play bad guy roles, if he wants to!
 No. I didn't see that one and I've not hear about it. It's pretty funny that Tom Hanks personally refunded people's money, who didn't like it!
 Me too! It would have made a good selfie to post on Facebook or to put on your YouTube channel, if you had one!
 Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on websites is called a hamburger button?
 I would love to see Mt. Everest. I saw you can get 3g service at the peak....LOL!
 Did you know people can become addicted to the internet?
 I've heard that as well. Only 7% of people actually read the full terms when purchasing something online. I am not one of those 7% lol.
 Wow I did't know that. I saw crocodiles are more related to birds than snakes and lizards.
 I am curious myself. There is a type of flying snake.
 hey did you know there are no snakes in New Zealand?
 ya that is wild, I guess it is wired into monkey brains as well, I can tell you that I don't like snakes at all haha
 ya those are wild! and apparently there is a type of snake that can launch itself at prey and essentially "fly" hah
 Interesting, the rapper Meek Mill was released from prison and went straight to the Sixers game, pretty cool huh?
 do you know what he was in prison for? I don't like rap that much I think it's too negative, I like the idea in Korea to do a compliment battle instead of the normal "diss" battle we have
 ya that doesn't surprise me it sounds like something you shouldn't do, strange that Tupac's music is in the library of congress, I've listened to his work I dont think it's very good
 ya it is, do you know that there is cell service on mouth everest? it makes it seem like it is not that remote if that is the case
 I did, Clicking things on the internet can trigger an addiction.
 that doesn't surprise me, what does surprise me is only about seven percent of people read the full terms of service on the internet, I'm shocked it's that high
 ha nope me neither! did you know there is a library that has an exact copy of the internet in case something happens and the internet goes down?
 Right! The 3 line menu on apps is called a hamburger button.
 mmm that makes me hungry! ya I always see that button but didn't know what it was called, maybe someone can make us a snake hamburger? haha
 Yes! I would try it!
 Yeah, except tickets to those shows always seem so expensive, they range from $50 to $200 but still cheaper than some of those concerts by big celebrities, I suppose.
 I think it may be coming out on DVD soon, but I think they went a little overboard with Freddie Mercury's overbite. There's even a piano at the top of Britain's highest mountain, I wonder if he had anything to do with that.
 You mean go a little overboard and emphasize the dramatic effects! Apparently Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from making movies that doesn't project positivity. I can't picture him as a drama actor though.
 Yeah, it's a great show! I read somewhere that it is one of the most streamed shows on Netflix. Interesting to read how some of these actors got into acting, like Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls were in drama class. I think it really paid off then.
 Yeah true, like Queen's guitarist, Brian May who had a pHD in astrophysics, but decided to follow his dreams and passion and became a celebrity! I wonder if he were asked the ultimate question of whether or not he would pursue music, what he'd say.
 Do you play any instruments?  I haven't since I was a kid but I took about 5 years of piano lessons.  Did you know that it's an acoustic instrument?  Such a fascinating fact!
 Have you heard that Queen's guitarist has a PHD in astrophysics?  Crazy!  Such a different field to be educated in compared to music.
 Ya that is wild, I like Pink Floyd myself and that is cool that they had a floating recording studio haah
 Seriously, those instruments are expensive.  I guess some people have money to waste!
 Do you like van halen? I think this awesome he actually set the studio speakers on fire when playing a song, thats so awesome haha
 Did you know that Jon Hamm taught drama in high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, Erin form the Office?  I love that show.  So funny!!
 I heard that too. Maybe he just has enough money and doesn't want to work anymore!
 It's fun to play. The BBC decided in 1930 there was no news worth reporting so they played piano music instead.
 Very cool. In 2006, a group of climbers reached the top of Britian's highest mountain and found a piano.
 Someones idea of a practical joke I guess.  That's a lot of effort for a joke. Even if were made of aluminium is would still be hard.
 I agree. Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody as Mccartney used to record Hey Jude.
 I can play a little. Van Halen recorded the guitar solo Beat It and set the speakers on fire.
 It doesn't really say. That's funny!
 Yeah that is good,  especially since they are strays,  they dont have any food or water on their own.  So sad,  so many dogs get mistreated.  Thats why we decided to adopt than buy one. 
 That would be great!  I think they have to get along with other dogs in order to bring them to work.  Well I hope.  
 Not verbally anyways lol they will chew your stuff up.  but yes I agree.  Stress reliever!
 Hello! I love poetry. Interesting that David GRUBBS HAS DONE SO MUCH!
 Thats awesome.  Yes,  I actually have never heard of David Grubbs until today.  very interesting.  What kind of poetry interest you?  i just read There is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring.
 I have always loved poetry especially Robert frost. That's so interesting!
 Yes! me too! Did you know Edgar allan poe only recieved $9 for his poem The Raven? That is insane, I like his poetry too.
 What!  Thats ridiculous.  Yeah,  his poetry is good.  I really like dr. suess!  
 Those green eggs and ham really make you think,  right! haha
 I really love Bryce Vines album and maybe the old TLC album.  
 oh I remember Soundgarden.  I remember that I disliked that song black hole sun.  Maybe I just never really got it though haha
 Nice!  Yeah,  im really slow to figure what songs are about.  Like that song pumped up kicks,  its so catchy,  and then I listened to the words and its sad.
 Cool,  did they make a youtube video on it?  That would be cool to hear.
 Oh haha.  Yeah im pretty sure youtube wasnt around then.  
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you like poetry? There is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring.
 That sounds really interesting.  What do you think about the man called Demetri Martin who wrote a 224 word palindrome poem?
 Thats a really talented man!  lol This fact is cool too: Almost all of the hobbit's character names were taken out of an old icelandic poem "dvergatal"
 That is really sad.  And thats one of the more popular poems,  I cant imagine how much he got for the others!
 Do you like Pink Floyd?  They recorded a concert in 1972 live in the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii with no audience.
 yes I heard about that.  I do not listen to that band really though. The japanese alphabet, when recited in order, forms a poem. Thats amazing!  
 lol I am not into rap much,  thats really cool though.  I wonder what they rapped about.  Did you know The ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts...they toured almost non stop for over 20 years!!  Omg the party that never ends,  thats so crazy! 
 Thats interesting #1 seller?  I wonder who still buys it. Due to the success of their debut album, linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.
 Reel big fish had their hits all re-recorded for a best of album when they lost rights to their old record label.
 wow! In croatia, there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue
 Did you know that a 2002 concert by creed was so bad they had a lawsuit put against them?
 Wow thats crazy!  I wonder if those guys won?  lol 
 Wow thats interesting! Did you know Garth Brooks is one of the last holdout big-name musicians who still refuses to put his music on iTunes because he disagrees with Apples approach to selling music
 Wow, I didn't know that!  Did you hear that almost all the hobbit's character names were from an old icelandic poem?
 Nice!  it was great talking to you!  Have a good one. 
 I have only been to a few in my life, did you know linkin park played 324 concerts in one year!?
 Wow! I feel like bands tour less now but maybe I'm just paying less attention.
 Yes, me also. They are a popular pet because they are usually playful, friendly, loyal and listen to humans.
 No, i'm not a dancer, but i like dance.
 Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
 You like poetry, it's interesting that the word poetry comes from the Greek term poesis which means making
 Edgar Alan Poe is one of the first people I think of when I think of poetry. He only got $9 for publishing The Raven.
 Yeah that's really sad. I love that there is a 224 word palindrome poem, that sounds awesome I need to check it out
 I want to do more research into the Javanese alphabet. In order the alphabet makes a poem.
 Yes that sounds really interesting. I want to read the poem too that is depressing when it is read forwards but when it's read backwards it's actually inspiring I wonder how that works
 Did you know the hobbit's character names came from an old icelandic poem?
 No I didn't know that, I think some of the earliest poetry was written in Africa though, back in the 25th Century BCE, which is a long time ago
 Speaking of ancient things, in Croatia you can go to a concert at an ancient Roman ampitheatre
 That would be really cool. Also cool would it be to see the Pink Floyd concert that they did at in Amphitheatre, there was no one present when they did the concert, hopefully they put it on video so that other people can watch it though
 Yeah, that sounds pretty neat. Wish I could have been a fly on the wall there!
 Yep I agree. That concert would be awesome. Do you like Lincoln Park though? Did they put on good concerts? They did almost one concert for every day of the year back in 2001
 Wow, I did like them. I bet they did not do as many concers as the Ramones though
 No The Ramones definitely did a ton of concerts, I think 2,200 in 20 years, that's insane!
 Seems exhausting but surely they made a lot of money doing that!
 Yes I agree! Did you hear about Creed though? Apparently they were sued because their concerts were so bad LOL I won't be seeing a Creed concert myself after hearing that
 I used to like NWA. Their album was the first to get to platinum without the support of airplay or a major tour. That's surprising as that was all before the internet age!
 It is surprising that in 2014, 40 years after being released, it was best selling!
 Wow that is really interesting, I might watch the movie again, its a great film.
 Yeah, I remember hearing that. It's crazy that he was the only one.
 True, but some have a lot of power. I mean, in 1934 North Dakota's governor was actually able to secede from the US
 Hello - I do follow politics a little. That's pretty cool Texas elected their first female governor before some states ratified that amendment.
 That's interesting. I saw that Arnold commuted 3 hours everyday when he was governor of California. 
 Yea I wouldn't like to commute by private jet everyday. I feel like that would get old after awhile.
 I agree - it would be very expensive to do that everyday. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be heard by an AM radio on Earth?
 Yea that's pretty genius. In Canada, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played in Canadian.
 That's pretty drastic for Finland. Did you know there hasn't been a single US president who wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853?
 Oh wow I didn't know that either. 
 ah interesting, ya I didn't know that ronald reagan campaigned for democrats, you never hear about that but parties I think were different back then
 Ah interesting, ya Im reading about it now. Weird how canadian law requires all radio to have 40% of the music being played be canadian.
 Yep I agree with you there. I guess his comeback album known as Kingdom Come was named after a DC Comics mini-series which is cool and nerdy at the same time
 Haha that's right. It's a good thing to keep in mind for sure. Apparently Jay-Z, The Notorious BIG, Busta Rhymes, and DMX all went to the same high school. That's really a big coincidence
 Wow, that is an amazing coincidence!  It's also amazing how their influence is seen not only in music.  Like Jay-Z's 99 Problems being used to in some law school classes.  Who would have thought?
 Haha yep I did not know that I can tell you that. I never knew that his first album came out in 1996 it was called Reasonable Doubt
 Yep they definitely have some good records. They're record Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century so far. I wonder if that will hold out or not
 That would be something if it did.  Good music stands the test of time, no doubt.  One of Bob Marley's albums has been on the charts for something like 914 weeks.  That's some durable reggae.
 That's awesome!  I wonder what 100 year old Japanese twins rap about?  If they kept it clean, maybe I can find it in Wal-Mart. LOL
 That is crazy.  It's also crazy that one-third of divorce filings contain the word Facebook.  Some people are apparently using it for more than birthday reminders.  Personally, I just like the funny cat videos.
 Haha yep those are good too. Did you know that Mark Zuckerberg is actually colorblind? That's why Facebook is blue, because any other color would be a distraction for him
 I did not know that.  I kind of wondered why they went with blue.  Is it true that Facebook is now worth more than $104 billion?
 I sure didn't that made me mad when I found out that's what he used. I busted my face so many times trying to do that.
 Well at least you know now! Babies even spontaneously dance when they hear music!
 Oh wow that is cool technology to have in the NICU. Tupac was even a dancer and he did ballet in high school.
 That's pretty interesting. I guess that was before he started getting involved with gangs. 
 When I'm not at work I usually wear a baseball hat. I wish I could wear a top hat like British Politicians had to wear when they were making a point in the House of Commons.
 Yes they actually did that up until 1998!
 That would not be fun! Knights actually used to raise their face visors as a show of friendliness and that is where the phrase "tipping ones hat" comes from.
 Not quite as fast as Anne Jones, the world record holder of 4700 words per minute!
 Yeah and I assume you aren't talking about comedy! Do you wear hats? The most popular hat in the old west was the bowler not the cowboy hat which is what I would guess.
 I should buy a dunce cap! Also the length of hat pins was lawfully enforced so that they wouldn't be used as weapons!
 I know and to be able to act too in the Nutcracker.
 Ballet is tough on the body if they go through 4 pairs of shoes a week
 Yep I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that Allen Iverson makes so much money from Reebok LOL $800,000 per year
 Have you ever worn them? I know they're expensive. Also they were originally banned by the NBA
 I have, really comfortable shoes, and really they got banned? I cant recall a game with Jordan without wearing those,
 Well they put a fine out if you were to wear them on the court. And apparently Nike would just pay the fine so that Michael Jordan could keep wearing them. That was some great marketing
 I did. I really like that movie a lot! That's why I can't wait to see it. Also crazy is that LeBron James's High School would charge a fee to see him play, between 100 and $120 per ticket
 I have heard that too.He sometimes has issues with team mates.
 Yeah, but he seems to get upset pretty easily for such a great athlete
 Oh wow, that's a lot. Is that just the number of teams in the US?
 I agree on the athletes salary.Lebron James rejected a 10 million contract offer from Reebok when he was just eighteen.
 That's insane! I know he's good, but wow. I would be more than happy with 10 million dollars just once
 I didn't realize she was still making episodes, I thought she had retired. Good for her
 That is just a bonkers amount of money. Do you know if he's done anything with it all? Like set up a scholarship or something?
 What? That is crazy, whatever it takes to make the points! They need to follow in Lebron James footsteps and do the granny style and attract almost 2,000 people like James did in high school!
 Exactly! That is why Lebron is the highest payed celebrity since he mad it big, he once rejected a 10 million dollar deal with Reebok at age 18...but got a better deal with Nike for 90 million!
 Haha, that's really funny! I bet he felt weird about that! So I was reading about Kevin Durant and something about the NBA, not sure what it is all about yet, have you heard anything?
 Yeah, he has a hot hand everywhere,lol. Speaking of rich people did you hear Judge Judy makes $123,000 for each episode she makes?
 Very true! Really? Judge Judy? That's surprising. I was thinking it was Oprah. I like how Lebron James for a new Space Jam...that will be some money lol.
 Yes, I love him. Some players also chose to go to college before the pros and give up the money. That's a hard choice to make. A player from the Spurs did that.
 Yep, I am a Packer fan, all the way!! I like the FIFA World Cup too. Did you know that 715 million people watched the final game.
 I am a Packers fan too. FIFA is great! I didn't know that! Doesn't surprise me that many watched though!
 I guess I just wish they were all Packer fans.lol The United States got 3rd in 1930, though.
 Right! Haha, we did get 3rd place, I forgot about that! We have never ranked lower than 3rd in the World Cup since 1991!
 I think it's harder than it looks to be famous. There are some who don't deserve it. I know Judge Judy makes a ton of money on her show!
 I would like that "hard' job for the underserved millions.  I did like Carol Burnett and her appearance on Sesame Street.
 It seems like something he would definitely do.  I miss him. He was the first to do voices for cartoons with Aladdin...
 I love that Busta Rhymes did a voice in the Rugrats movie. I think that more rappers need to be in animated films.
 Maybe.  I got a kick out of Rugrats. Rapping to me is really horrible poetry set to a really over used back beat.  I guess it's international now with Koreans inventing "new forms" of the same thing. 
 It's funny that Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before becoming a rapper.
 It kind of makes sense. Some of his videos hit upon the motif of superheroes pretty hard. In fact, I think he was dressed as his favorite, Spider Man, in one of them.
 I would love to have enough money to do something that curious. I wonder which mountain it is? It's amazing that Amazon has come from being just an online bookstore to being a publishing house, a film studio, the place you can buy weird spices online...
 It has expanded tremendously... They seem to own everything... They own IMDB! Since 1998...
 I know they get all of my money regularly! I always feel a little bad when I'm getting something delivered by the postal service on Sunday, even though amazon has a special contract with them to do so.
 I wonder what he ordered? I think that's kind of amazing. Is it a warehouse? Do you know how much the workers walk per shift in the warehouse? 7-15 miles. Insane.
 Must be one of the few companies with a contract like that one, that must be costly
 Very true. They honored the first ever customer by naming a building after him!!
 Agreed. And it only cost that customer 27.95! What a deal.
 Oh no that is a cool fact thanks for that insight! The workers at Amazon warehouse walk between 7 and 15 miles per day!
 Yes very interesting point you bring up. Celebrities and their wealth often get things that normal people wouldn't. Just the way things go.
 It really is. I do too, been getting just about everything from there now haha. Even on Sundays!
 My day was a postman but he never had to go out on Sundays. It is usually the part time people that got paid 16 bucks an hour to go do it. Kind of sad if you ask me.
 That's the truth! You know, I still can't believe MySpace rejected an offer to buy Facebook in '05 for $75 million. Boy, what might have been!
 Tell me about it! It's worth looking into for sure! It's just so hard to believe its initial IPO was valued at  $104 billion which was also the largest valuation for a newly listed company!
 At least we're not living in the age of the Romans as they virwwed pants as a sign of barbarism.i could not imagine that. Well it was great chatting with you. Take care, friend!
 Thats ok I see your point of view and I bet MySpace is regretting that decision in full..
 I know that is unreal!  How does it run? Solar?
 Yes, I do to, thats a long time. Interesting the Eiffel tower sold twice!
 wow I never knew that. How did the man get away with that.
 Yes, Funny you can spend $27.95 and get a building names after you.
 lol, can't even imagine!, That is a large amount of land the government owns in Nevada!
 Goats are so cute! The power it takes to make a single google search! Wow
 and how did Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks. thats too funny
 Is there anything wikileaks doesn't know? lol
 Right. I always wondered why it was this plain blue. Apparently it's because Mark Zucerburg is red-green colorblind
 Interesting, pretty crazy Myspace turned down an offer for 75 to buy it.
 I would imagine as they all but vanished in facebooks rise.
 Yeah, Facebook has grown so much. In its initial public offering in 2012, it was valued at 104 billion, the largest ever valuation for a newly listed public company
 No, I did not. That sounds pretty painful.
 Ya I also do no like saggy pants. It is actually against the law to sag your pants in a town in IL!
 Interesting. I wonder if they actually enforce that.
 Pants were actually viewed as a sign of barbarism in Roman times.
 Really? I also heard people switched to them because riding a horse in a robe was uncomfortable!
 Well, that makes sense!
 Yes I do too. No wonder it's so effective, a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send Armstrong to the moon!
 Haha that is so funny. They have so many users. They took down 40% of internet traffic when they went offline for 5 minutes.
 It really is. Speaking of their jobs, the warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles per day!
 Yes no doubt. They also contract with USPS so they can deliver packages on Sunday!
 Yes. Another interesting thing is the prime minister in Japan sends a silver cup to you when you turn 100 in Japan! But the so many 100 year olds in Japan that they had to find a way to make cheaper cups.
 That is the cat who resides at the residence of the prime minister of the UK.
 I thought it was a dead language!
 Ha, interesting. In Canada, all radios are required to play at least 40% Canadian music.
 Same here Did you ever watch Kareem Abdul Jabbar play? His dunks were ridiculous. He brought a lot of excitement to the game even though the dunk was banned in college after.
 I always thought that was tom. The old bait and switch.... I never saw Apollo 13. I feel like I am the only one.
 That is a good example of american ingiuity. Did you read about google's aggressive mode in their self driving cars?
 Do you enjoy piano music?  I love to listen.  Did you know that in 1930 one day there was no news that was worthy of reporting so they broadcast piano music
 I do love listening to jazz. Boy, what a nice day that would be-no bad news, just piano music!
 That's a pretty special piano! Speaking of special pianos, there was a light aluminum on on the airship hindenburg.
 Hope it didn't get blown up!
 I don't think so but I'm not sure. Also, someone put a piano on the top of Britain's highest mountain. Some climbers found it in 2006!
 I wonder if it was still in tune :)  Did you know that the Ramones played 2,263 concerts over 20 years touring almost non-stop.  
 Wow, that sounds pretty exhausting.
 Speaking of ampitheaters that are still in use, Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient Roman theater in Pompeii in 1972. However, there was no audience.
 Linkin Park must have been better at performing live. They played 324 concerts in 2001.
 Sounds like it!  Also The Dark Side of the Moon must have been a great album because 40 years later they still are top selling as of 2014
 Nwa's straight outta compton was the first platinum status album even though they didn't have airplay support or a major tour
 That's interesting. I'm not sure if I've ever listened to them. What a great feat before the internet!
 In Italy too, I think I would have guessed Austria or France prior to knowing that!
 Haha, yea that must have been refreshing!  Speaking of broadcasts, Richard Nixon of all people, preformed a piano concerto on The Tonight Show!
 Holy cow!  And they can't get Abba out of retirement.  They were offered 1 billion to do a 100 show tour and they said no!!!
 Totally!  I do not think Abba would break any noise records like Deep Purple.  Foo Fighters however once played so loud in New Zealand, the concert showed up on seismic monitors!
 hey did you know that baseball managers can actually play for their teams if necessary?
 yes I'm going with some of my friends actually, and I know some peopel who live over there so that should be fun, can't believe the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in his teams history though thats funny haha
 haha you should have been a baseketball player! maybe you'd get invited to play at the court on top of teh supreme court, they call it the "highest court in the land" haha
 haha it would, also I think it's embarrassing that the dunk was banned for over a year, that is like a basketball signature move
 That's insane, isn't it? Must be nice! Ha! You know, he once refunded a couple's ticket price after they complained about the movie Larry Crowe. I suppose it's easy to do it when your films earn that amount of money!
 Same here. Really hard to believe that! So what's your favorite Tom Hanks movie? Mine would have to be 1995's Apollo 13 as I've always been fascinated with space and astronauts. I always wondered if astronauts voted early or late and come to find out, they actually vote from space! Weird, huh?
 Wow! Really? That makes sense, I suppose! Speaking of cars, did you know it's perfectly legal for south Africans to carry flamethrowers in their cars to prevent carjackings? I can't believe it!
 That is wild! All because of a video tame? That's rare to have two types of talent like that. If they ever make a movie about his life, perhaps Tom Hanks could play the role of Jann! Ha!
 I was surprised to learn the piano was invented in 1700. For some reason I thought it was way earlier than that!
 I would have love to be that piano! Did you know that there's a song used to test pianos called "circus galop" that can't even be played by humans? I would love to see someone try that!
 The experience was probably so bad that they decided to go under wraps because I haven't heard of them in a long time either! You know who never stopped touring? The Ramones. Everyone loved them. They actually played a total of 2,263 concerts. That's a lot of concerts!
 Compared to the 104 BILLION it is work now.  Crazy, it really took off.
 I would check it out. I guess there is sex talk in there. That sounds really screwy
 Wow almost 500 years ago and he still influences our culture, movies, books
 I agree it's crazy. He wrote almost 40 plays 150 sonnets two Long poems and a lot of other verses
 That's sad. He also married a girl named Anne Hathaway. It's funny that that is a current celebrity actress haha
 Yes they had three kids together. That's a good question maybe they are related haha. Did you know that back in Shakespeare's time people had a different era accent? That's what makes some of his Rhymes work and that they don't work now because you don't use the same accent
 That is an interesting fact. What is sad is that we don't have a lot of evidence from his private life. We don't know a lot about how he looked or his religious beliefs or other things like that
 Well those are really popular. He also used the technique that is called functional shift which is where you make a grammatical error to draw attention to what is being said
 No I didn't what did that entail? What's crazy is that there are more people on Facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago
 Wow I didn't know that the animals can have a Facebook account. did you know that Facebook has custom gender options? They have like fifty-eight now
 What I find interesting is that the composer Tchaikowsky must have been a great fan of Shakespeare's "Hamlet", considering he donated his skull to be a prop as the Skull of Yorick.  And, as recently as 2008 it was used for that purpose!
 I just read where there's only 1 Blockbuster left in Washington.  The 2nd to last one closed this past week.
 No, I did not know that!  That's pretty cool.  I'm told that Brian May, guitarist for Queen preferred to use coins to play his guitar instead of picks.  Dunno if that would make it easier or not...
 I can top that... check it, it's LEGAL in South Africa to put FLAME THROWERS on your car to prevent carjacking.  Man, how bad must the problem be if the government's like, "You want a flame thrower?  Sure, go ahead!"  It's like something out of GTA!  
 I think it was 1975 or so. They did it to accommodate soldiers because they couldn't get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.  Weird to think that's what started the whole drive thru thing.
 Yep - Netflix did a great job with Captain Underpants.  I was hesitant because of the title, and I was not aware of the books - it was awesome!
 Stranger things is cool, and so was the Making a Murder series.  Blockbuster really missed on on their bid to buy Netflix and then went totally out of business!
 Yeah, I heard they ha a chance to buy it for $50 mill and now it's worth $2 billion.  I bet SOMEONE is kicking themselves hard over that decision!  
 It goes both ways, and I'm sure someone at Netflix is patting themselves on the back for declining that offer!
 You know what's weird though, is supposedly they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.  I didn't think that many people would still be getting DVDs/Bluerays from them.
 Right!  we don't even have a DVD player in the house anymore - all smart TVs or AppleTVs to access the streaming services.  So much easier.
 Amazing - Necessity is the mother of invention could never be truer.  No late fees!  Just send it back when you're done with it and look at the platform now!
 Still can't wrap my head around how much bandwidth they take up.  33 percent in north America!  That's a lot!
 Yeah, that's the only down side to all this new media, there's so many services it's hard to know which one to pick.  You got Amazon, Netflix, Youtube, Disney even has one for crying out loud.
 Speaking of Amazon, supposedly the very first customer spent $27.95 to have a building name after him.  I didn't even know they sold the naming of buildings!  (Course, that may have been a one shot deal...)  Would you spend money to get a building name after you?  Hehe.
 ya you asked me already, I have it was in middle school, I'm shocked there are twin buildings of the white house though, I'm going to ireland next summer i'll have to check out the one that is there
 yup you're right, have you ever been to nevada? apparently 86% of it is owned by the goverment
 yes it was George w I believe, that was good of him to update to that technology, I sure wish they would update the storage technology though, they shouldn't be using floppies anymore! Its 2019!
 no I haven't, I heard that Teddy Roosevelt didn't allow xmas trees in the white house, very interesting considering he was an avid hunter
 no I wouldn't wear them, I'm an android guy, they actually had a clothing line in the 80's though, I bet those are worth money!
 I have read that somewhere once before.  Dont know how true it is.  Governments around the world do crazy things.  The CHINESE GOVERNMENT actually censored the word censorship!  how nuts is that?
 Hey there yes I am, what do you think about our current government? Isn't it scary that they tried to destroy WikiLeaks
 Yeah that's possible. It's still scary and kind of funny that Wikileaks head to leak that information though. Also kind of weird is that the u.s. Government owns almost 90% of the land in Nevada
 Haha that's a good point. I want them to leak some information on Area 51 though, that would actually be interesting. Did you know that someone in France impersonated a French government official and tried to sell the Eiffel Tower twice LOL
 Haha they need to make a movie about that. They also need to make a movie about Teddy Roosevelt. He was a staunch conservationist though. He didn't even allow a real Christmas trees in the white house because of that
 Haha you're right. I know he liked to hunt. What do you think about George W bush putting solar panels on top of the White House?
 No I agree. They should definitely upgrade to USB drives. Would you ever visit a twin building of the White House. They have one in France and there's another one in Ireland apparently
 Yeah that is probably true. Do you ever wear clothes by the way? I'm wearing some right now haha. Also funny that apple had a clothing line back in the 80s
 Yes, same here, only watched the recap of the recent State of Union address. As advanced as technology is these days, the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files! Possible security breach perhaps?
 Oh ok! I see. Well seeing that the secret service took four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house, I think they need to reevaluate their team and security processes.
 I couldn't agree more with you on that. Like in France, a man impersonated to be a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower, not once, but TWICE! If someone is going to do something, I think nothing's going to stop them.
 Yeah, it seems rather risky giving that kind of 'immunity' t anyone! 
 Yeah, I learned a lot through the Snowden movie, wasn't too familiar with the story or news articles seemed biased until I saw that movie, but still have some degree of doubt and does raise a difficult question.
 i am of the opinion that most people on netflix are youth between the ages of 16-26..This is because it accounts for a whole 33 percent of internet usage in north america can you believe that?
 Yeah, that makes sense to me, young people like to watch a lot of television (or should I say shows).  
 Nice , I wonder what we would have done without the internet, Life would have been definitely boring. What do you think?
 Oh, man, I can't imagine life without the internet.. even though I spent first 18 or so years or my life without it... LOL
 Thanks to the government I learnt it was their research that has eventually turned into something wonderful. I love my country 
 And this the reason why he started Netflix in the first place?
 Blockbuster made a major mistake not buying them for $50 million when they had the chance to do so.
 Now Netflix is worth $2 billion. That is something
 Wow! That's a strange promotion. I would have probably taken them up on that, I need to clean out my facebook friends!
 That is pretty weird. I wonder why too. Facebook is primarily blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness. I never really noticed how blue it was!
 I did not know that! Tupac danced ballet in high school and played the part of the mouse in the Nutcracker!
 Hello how are you?  can you believe Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005
 I agree Facebook has a lot of interesting facts, for instance, there's a town in Germany where it's illegal to push the like button
 I didn't! It's hard to remember they might have been bigger than Facebook at one point. I think they should have bought Facebook when they had the chance.
 I agree with you! They could have bought them for 75 million dollars, which is not really a lot of money compared to what they are worth now, which is 104 billion LOL
 I think that that is it as well. Blue is a soothing color, and since he was colorblind it only makes sense to make things blue and not red / green
 Oh me neither haha. Which is strange considering we're groomed from day one. Even babies spontaneously dance when they hear music.
 I've never seen that in real life! I need to test that theory outon  my friends newborn LOL, did you know that Bruce Lee won a dancing competition in 1958?
 That's interesting! Never once thought of him as a dancer. Then again Tupac doesn't seem like a dancer but he performed in the Nutcracker in his high school!
 LOL I M too. They have hats for everything. They even have hats for religious functions like you said. And some hats are worn for ceremonial purposes, like the Mortar Board which is the hat that University students wear when they graduate.
 Oh wow I never knew that. On the other hand, the cone shaped hats worn at parties are done to encourage foolish behavior. Just like they used to have dunce caps!
 For sure, that makes sense. Netflix and Youtube make up half of the peak of internet traffic, I could see a lot of people getting addicted to it.
 It doesn't make me feel great. I will tell you that. I heard that the sell-off probably isn't over yet...could get worse!
 Do you use netflix. I love it. I can't imagine my life without it. Did you know that netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america?
 ozarks is one of my favs. Can you believe that blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $50 million. it is now worth $2 billion. Bad move blockbuster!
 I don't blame him. I hated late fees. Wasn't because he had $40 late fee for apollo 13! Too funny.
 No I haven't. I need to try it out. Poor amazon workers. They walk between 7-15 miles each day as part of their shift. 
 I definitely need to try them then. I didn't even realize that amazon owned imdb since 1998.
 Oh ok, I thought there was a site like IMDB which provides a pretty accurate rating but for books, I like to use the Amazon reviews as well. I don't think my local post office honors that contract since I have never received packages on Sunday.
 True.    He has an ego, and believes he should win the MVP again.
 Did you know Air Jordan's were once banned by the NBA!
 True.    I find it a little amazing Allen Iverson's shoe deal was longer than Shaq's!
 It might count a little bit more if it comes from the middle of a forest full of lions.
 True!     I heard that the UK limited some men from voting all the way to 1918.
 Perhaps.      That is a real shame.    Who wouldn't want to be allowed to do something like Austin Texas, and rename the garbage dump after Fred Durst.
 James is 33. This is his 15th season
 Lol same here. Especially straight out of highschool. Did you know Kevin love broke his hand and missed 21 games.
 Did you know LeBron has 2 gold Olympic medals?
 Yes it does. Did you see the original space Jam movie. LeBron has signed a new deal to play in the sequel.
 I only want to see it for the characters not him. LeBron rejected an $80 million dollar from Reebok when was 18
 Yes a year later he got a $90 million offer so guess he was smart to wait.
 That is a crazy amount. He is the highest paid celebrity then it's judge Judy.
 Blockbuster didn't want to buy Netflix-they made a big mistake. Now there is no more Blockbuster and Netflix is worth 2 billion.
 Him and his sister are so good, Cheryl had 105 points in a game before.
 Tim Duncan is so good, I'm a huge Spurs fan and former Spurs, like Kawhi. Timmy would have had so many records if he didn't stay in college all 4 years.
 Got to do what's best for you and that is how Kawhi felt, it's unfortunate but I can't hate at all. I love LeBron, basketball aside, he's done so much for the good of people in this country.
 I really dislike Jordan, seems like a pretty terrible person. I heard LeBron is about to be a billionaire.
 I'm not sure, I think it's been every year he has been in the league minus his rookie year, so maybe 14?
 I am not really sure to be honest, I'm sure it is a mix of the two. Astronauts vote from space, would never have guessed.
 I did not know that, is it like Fifa? Not many Russian players, but lots of former block players, Kristaps, Luka, Peja Stojokavich, etc.
 I have heard of him as a basketball player but I do not watch much basketball.
 I know nothing about Pakistan's jazz orchestra. How interesting.
 That's a great start!
 Definitely it's pretty powerful. The 3 horizontal lines on the menu of apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Did you know the library of Alexandria saves a copy of the internet in case it were to ever burn down?
 Me either lol. There is 3g cell service at the top of Mt. Everest. 
 Same here. Did you know Tupac has music in the library of Congress?
 That's pretty cool. I bet he's pretty talented at an artist.
 I did. That's hilarious too. I used to listen to Busta Ryhmes. 
 haha ya maybe hes afraid of deer? I need to watch more horror movies you can burn almost 200 calories when watching one
 haha you should come out with a weight loss book and that is teh secret! Also apparently you appreciate art more after watching a horror movie
 no but I heard about them, they make creepy noises, have you seen one?
 ya It's housed in the Library of Alexandria, I wonder how much space that takes up and how often they take snapshots?
 haha ya I just don't know, I also don't know that 7% of people read the full terms when buying products online, that seems high actually haha
 Yes they are timeless for sure. Did you know Minnie Mouse is short for Minerva Mouse?
 of course the person who fired him was completely wrong, and must have regretted that desicion.. Do yo have an idea of how much Disney makes per second?
 I have no idea! Bet it's a lot though. There are hidden mickey's in all things Disney and a whole subculture is dedicated to finding them. 
 Oh that sounds incredible. The movie Flubber...remember? Bill Nye was a consultant for that movie!
 Every day! There is even internet capabilities on Mt. Everest! 
 Hahaaaaa... that's funny!  pretty sure Disney would not agreee... LOL
 Oh man... no wonder i don't like horrow films... i don't like diets!
 hahaaaaa... thats funny anf makes perfect sense
 My kids absolutely adore that movie. I'm shocked at how realistic the graphics are even for disney.
 Wow that is crazy! We have come so far in technology even in the last few decades. 
 I used to watch his program all the time as a kid. 
 I did not know that, I know they've been successful with movies recently, the whole Marvel thing and Star Wars.
 It's insane how large Walt Disney became since being founded in 1923 by the Disney Brothers
 I wasn't aware that they are some how mixed up with American Idol.  Not that I've seen one of those shows for about ten years, if not more.
 That's ingenious.  I doubt I would be able to make a foxhole radio, I would have to go without listening to Katy Perry or the latest Idol winner.
 That's probably something her ex, Russell Brand, would agree with.  Seems harsh to break up via text, at least he had the good grace not to claim some of her money.  
 So, Minnie Mouse's real name is Minerva?  That's kinda cool and dated.  I guess Minnie is a name that it somewhat timeless.  
 Yes, the Dutch are creating one. On the other hand if you go to Mackinac Island, MI, you cannot use a car or a bus at all. All motorized vehicles have been banned for over 100 years.
 Yeah, you'd have to travel by horse or bike. I think I'd be more in shape to live there. I'd really like to travel to DC though. Maybe not now because it is 30 degrees below their average high.
 It makes enough energy in a second to meet the needs of the whole planet in 500,000 years. Guess we have to learn to harness it better.
 The sun is just this immense presence for us but it's only a billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy
 There is more than I could imagine out there. We just discovered Neptune in 1846 and it just made its first full orbit since discovery in 2011.
 Haha, yeah, you're right. Good chatting with you.
 That's pretty neat. I heard they also have the USPS delivery packages on Sunday. I think they're kind of cool by doing things like that, and naming that building after him.
 Jeez, that's a lot of walking. They must get really tired. It might be more fun if they were dancing, instead. Even babies like to dance when they hear music.
 Well not if it's ballet, professional ballet dancer go through 4 pairs of shoes a week
 Interesting, did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer in high school? 
 I believe it. Apparently Neptune just completed its first orbit since it was discovered, crazy! 
 That is pretty cool. I am surprised that Amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their shift. I always wondered what a processing plant looked like.
 It did not beat Walmart in employees though. They are the second largest employer in America.
 I did not know that. I just learned that lightening bolt is hotter than the sun by 5 times. So someone who has been struck by lightening knows what it is like to be on the sun time five.
 Amazing. And in 2011 Neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since its discovery in 1846! I forget the scale and how large our solar system is.
 That is huge and to think it made mostly of hydrogen and helium.
 That's pretty cool, too. Was that around the time people were getting paid to advertise companies tattooed on their foreheads? That was almost like a horror film when I heard about it.
 I think I'll pass on that. There is also a ghost pepper ice cream in Delaware.  
 Yeah, It would be healthier for me since I wouldn't eat it.  I guess in the UK they really like mayo, more so than ketchup. 
 Yuk.  I think some culinary types have too much time on their hands like whoever invented edible birthday candles. 
 Well he is English and was born in Halifax.  Some suggest he has a better vocal range than Freddie Mercury of Queen.  I am not sure about that though.
 True, I wonder if you could travel across the country of Japan in one day.  It costs 300 bucks in tolls though!
 Yeah, he actually wrote the song "Love Yourself", but decided it wouldn't fit his album so he sent it to Justin Bieber who rolled with it.  What a nice guy lol
 I have heard that it was King Kalakaua of Hawaii.  Must have been before Hawaii became part of the United States.  Thank goodness for the internet.
 Well that would not work in Holland.  They are making buses that go 160 mph!  That is crazy!
 Yeah!  In the past he slept outside buckingham palace.  That is rough!  He must be tough!  Despite his hardships, he still made his way into the music industry.
 It has made travel so much easier to.  There is a website where you can find people that will let you sleep on their couch as you travel.  The internet can be utilized to do amazing things by people with good will and creativity.
 That is probably a good idea to ban motorized vehicles.  It would reduce carbon output dramatically.  Plus increase the amount of people getting daily exercise by walking!
 Imagine driving in Japan.  All their highways are tolls.  Anyone who doesn't like tolls would be in a nightmare if they were driving in Japan!
 That would be a nightmare. I would prefer to go by boat, like the Hawaiian King who sailed around the world.
 I don't have any because the wife is allergic. There are 12 different blood types for dogs.
 I've always wondered that too. Istanbul has vending machines that release food and water for the cities stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles.
 I agree! Such a good idea.
 Yea that's pretty amazing. Looks like elephants can also understand simple gestures.
 Quite possibly. Did you know Google prefers dogs over cats?
 Really? I would have thought cats. I do know that dogs aren't actually colorblind. I always used to think that growing up. 
 I didn't know that either. It says they can't see as many colors as humans though.
 There was a comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes.
 Yes for sure. There is a Garfield book series named Pet Force which featured Garfield as a superhero.
 No but I definitely want to see it. I know it stars Jack Black.
 It seems the movie also have just a little bit of suspense! 
 It's interesting that the movie touches upon the sameness that schools try to teach.
 Fun! Superheroes are also very popular right now in movies and tv shows.
 There are over 300 registered superheroes in the US!
 Really? I didn't know you could register as a super hero.
 Yes very interesting. Well, there is a superhero also called normalman.
 Yes, I guess his superpower was that he had no powers! 
 Yes, I love reading. The world record for speed reading is held by anne jones with a record of 4700 words per minute.
 Yes, he re-imagined popular characters like batman and superman! 
 my favorite article has to be about the superhero
 all the information it had about comic books and characters
 article 3 was interesting to read what do you think?
 it said that louis braille the inventor of the reading and writing system for the blind came up with this idea when he was only 15 
 Young george r. r. martin began writing by selling monster stories for pennies to other neighborhood children that is so enlightening 
 I did not know that the gray wolf, now extinct, was vastly different than modern wolves.
 That's interesting! How long did you do that?
 5 years. Then my dog got too old to walk that much. I have a cat now. 
 Isn't that the truth! It's funny that novels were once a huge moral concern in the 18th century when they became so popular.
 English is one of the hardest languages to learn. I play Wordscapes and as I play, I'm reminded how the rules of our language, not to mention spellings, make the language so challenging.
 Not really. I like music though, and play guitar. That's why it's hard for me to believe that the Fender Stratocaster was originally intended for country music.
 It sure does. Surprisingly, there are only 2 African Americans in the country music hall of fame, and there are a lot that play.
 I took a tour of an Amazon warehouse near me, and learned that their employees walk between 7 and 15 miles per shift. That is mind blowing.
 Thats a big distance, workers must end really tired at the end of the day!!
 Me too, I never knew the internet was a contraction of interconnected network, makes sense.
 Even the USPS makes deals with him to deliver on Sunday!  They would snub little ol' me for sure.
 I do like him.  I thought it was hilarious that Henry Ford helped bolster country music because he thought it was decadent. Something tells me he wouldn't be a fan of rap.
 I didn't know that.  I also didn't know the Fender Stratocaster (Strat) was intended for country music.  It's a rock icon now...
 haha nobody has time for the 20 page long ones! Are you a member of Amazon Prime?
 It is so reliable and fast! I love it! I wish I was the first person to buy something on it though!
 I would be living the high life! I'd be like "yea that's my building" haha. Can you believe how many miles amazon warehouse workers walk every shift?
 No, I don't think I even walk 7 miles a week, I can't imagine doing an amazon shift of walking 15 miles
 I'm sure they are in good shape, but who knows! They could be eating twinkies while walking! I didn't know Amazon owned IMDB as well!
 I didn't know that! That's cool. Do you like to listen to country music?
 Only when I've had a few drinks, kinda strange the Country hall of fame only has inducted 2 african americans
 That is, but I'm glad more and more African Americans are getting into that genre to hopefully boost that stat up!
 I know , i love Netflix and watch it all the time :) . Do you also watch Paradise PD ?? So bad ... but funny as heck ! 
 True story lol . I love bromantic comedies , some of my favs lol . So funny . 
 Yes we all do :) . I bet blockbuster is is kicking itself for not buying Netflix for 50 million when they could .... its worth 2 BILLION now !   
 I know , i just wish they didnt do away with their rating system !!!!! That is the one thing I dont like . I used it a lot . I heard it had something to do with Amy Shumer ? I dont know, all i know is it sucks. 
 That's nuts... Going back to Kyle voicing the dog.. Interesting fact, there are 12 different blood types that a dog might have...
 I didnt know that . I do know dogs are not color blind , they just dont see as many colors as we do . 
 I haven't actually. I like Gabriel Iglesias. I love how Kinane said that comedians are comedias because they are not good at other things. He seems pretty humble.
 Wow that's interesting, guess he wasn't too different than us. I know Edgar Allen Poe had the first known example of robot fiction!
 I don't remember! What I like to read for relaxation though is a poem by Demetri Martin, it's 224 words long and yet a palindrome, I can't imagine the work that goes into that!
 It took Demetri Martin hours or even days to write that poem, I think.  Apparently, Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 for publication of his well known poem, the raven.
 That's truly shocking! Imagine how much that would be worth today. On the other hand sometimes poetry is truly natural, like the Japanese alphabet forms a poem just when read in order.
 Sure! I think telephones are fascinating, a trick someone showed me the other day is it's impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped!
 That's cool.  Do you know that dolphins will communicate with one another over a telephone and appear to know who they are talking to? Isn't that just craziest thing?
 On a different note, I read somewher that the 30s actress Hedy Lamarr helped invent the cellphone, wi-fi, and GPS.  Talk about smart and beautiful.  She was the total package.
 That's a good campaign, I don't know how many children will be getting clean water, though.  Hardly anybody I see sets their cellphone down even if they have bad reception.  Which I hear cell phone connection quality and those little bars of service, really have no correlation, whatsoever.
 I read somewhere that CS Lewis and Tolkien held" you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry.
 Not sure, but it should be reinstated, along with Art and Music.
 Hi how's it going! What kind of music do you like? I remember when I used to buy cd's, and it's still hard to believe that vinyl's are still being used today!
 Those were the days! Albums are timeless. Even being 40 years old, the dark side of the moon was one of the best selling albums of 2014!
 Good question. I have no idea. I think things like apple music and spotify are the most popular now. I was disappointed to hear about Linkin Park's main singer's death. They had the best selling album of the 21st century!
 Yeah I don't think they could justify doing that. I just saw a video of this Hawaiian man and he was wearing a Hawaiian shirt which is considered business attire in Hawaii, must be nice!
 Hawaii is beautiful I have been there 3 times you should definitely go! Definitely get a Hawaiian shirt! In China the gangs used to layer as many shirts as possible and pop the collars. 
 It's interesting! I didn't know that polo shirts were originally invented for tennis, but it makes sense. 
 hi, yes I do, what about you? I love that Led zeppelin made an album with no title just to mess with the rock press
 ya he's cool, and also has been on the top album chart for over 914 weeks! right now its at rank 69
 ah that is a good idea, do you like aerosmith? I guess they made more money from Guitar Hero than from any album they've done
 what are they doing? I know that Monaco got rid of the income tax, they make enough from gammbling apparently
 ah that is good, did you know that the USA publishes the names of people that renounces their USA citizenship?
 How about it being legal in South Africa to have a flame thrower to resist carjackers? Wow!
 That is crazy! 
 Oh wow. I believe that someone has been to the moon. I always wanted to go when i was little but i don't think i would want to now. Especially with the moon movies of people getting lost in space that is a little scary. Ha ha!
 I think it would be much safer now.  How about learning that a Swiss scientist invented the world wide web.  I knew it was not Al Gore.
 Yea it doesn't seem that long. Its pretty cool that they pulled out their old uniforms from 1993, huh?
 I find it super hilarious, you know there are some funny names in the NHL, Greg Fisher, Docile Coyote..makes me think they changed their names to get popular with supporters
 That's a good theory and probably true. Many sports names are Animal names, and its pretty awesome to know there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on earth. that's alot.
 lets give a high five and a cheer to germany for becoming  the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights
 Well I do like beer. Haha. It's only 4:44 am here and I have learned so many new things today. Air jordans banned from the nba but jordan wearing them anyway and nike just paying the fine each game.  There sure is alot of money in sports.
 Lol, yep settling disputes over something as trivial as the speed of a steamboat
 Lol, a lot of people do take golf too seriously, Samuel L. Jackson has it in his film contracts to play golf twice a week
 Lol. I play video games sometimes in my free time. Apparently Jann Mardenborough became a pro race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the gran turismo game
 Yes, I love Animals.
 Me too. Did you know there are over 20 quintillion animals on the planet?
 I agree. Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 That is interesting. I wonder why that is?
 Not too sure. I saw Germany gives animals constitutional rights.
 I think so too. Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when land animals had both gills and lungs.
 Yes. The history of animals is interesting.
 I agree. Icelandic horses have a fifth speed that is basically speedwalking for a horse.
 I guess that is slower than a trot. Clint Eastwood developed an allergy to horses.
 That's ironic. Maybe because he rode them so much?
 For sure. Dalmations are associated firefighters because they would calm and protect the horses.
 Do you watch alot of television?  I was just reading an article that said that when south park aired its final episode the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 Did you know that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons"  where Bart neither appears nor is even mentioned?
 I have seen a movie on it.  I did see that it is 150 years old
 I will have to read it sometime.  Did you read any of the Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
 yes had read all 7 books. had a 3 day marathon to complete 7th book in my college . so much crazy back then
 wow thats crazy.  J. K. Rowling is the first billionaire to fall off the Forbes list because of charitable giving
 Yeah Robin Williams is great.  I guess they wanted to keep it authentic with only British or Irish people
 Yes I saw that.  She actually was asked to use just her initials when she wrote the books b/c the publishers were afraid boys wouldnt want to read a book written by a woman
 Little women was inspired by these kind of situations way back then in 1960
 yes that's true.  J. K. Rowling must have been close with her father b/c she gave him the first edition of "Harry Potter and The Goblet of fire
 Yes I saw that he sold it for 27,500 euros.  I wonder how much US dollars that is
 I can't get into the game but my kids love the show. I can't believe it has been on for 16 years!
 WOW, that true, I didn't know there were over 750 episodes of pokemon.
 This is no joke, I felt the same way, I try to get into the book, because it was popular.
 He only received $ 8000 advance for his first book if I am right.
 I didn't know he had a youtube channel, I watched youtube a lot.
 really
 sure. I heard they are planning in  creating a colonization project for 2023
 Did you hear about the satellite that was lost in mars?
 hahahha. Well, I heard that flying to mars will only take 2 or 3 days. dont know how though.
 I really don't even see how the satalite was even able to launch if Lokheed was using the imperial system
 I thought it was very interesting that a married couple created the baseball schedule for 24 years
 Really, I hadn't heard that.  Did you know he tested for the role of Thor?  That is so hard to imagine because he was so good in his role as Loki.
 Dang that is crazy that tested for both ends of the spectrum in a move
 Wasn't that discontinued in 2003? I'm surprised you still have a working console
 Yes, I was shocked it was that recent but that was only in Japan. My console is from maybe 1991 got it as a kid but still love it. Even still blow on the old cartridges.
 hello, lets talk about cars. The used to carry real trunks on the back of cars, that is why we call the back of the car that to this day
 Its been a long time now that we have had cars, the year 1886 is considered the birth year of the modern car. 
 Sorry typo in the last message, cane should be name. In south Africa you are able to have flame-throwers on your car to help prevent carjackings
 There is a person named Jann mardenborough who become a race car driver by beating a lot of people on the game gran turismo. 
 The reason why Mcdonalds added drive-thru was to allow soldiers to stay in their cars because they can not get out while in fatigues. 
 Lets talk about the plants more. The planet Venus has no seasons because it does not tilt. 
 it is also special compared to other planets because it is the only one that rotates clock-wise 
 One of Jupiter's moons called ganymede would be considered a planet if it went around the sun which is called an orbit. 
 The is a planet 455 light-years away that astronomers have detected the building blocks of life. 
 There is a planet called uranus that rolls not spins around the sun. Nice talking to you today. 
 I've read there have been articles claiming that he and his brother are no longer identical twins now! Haha! However, yes, I did also read further that this amount of change is not really biologically possible.
 Time is such a funny thing. If the Earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds! 
 So, we're running out of helium, and forests on Earth, huh? More than 80% of Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed! Things sure are changing on Earth.
 I feel like 340 days in space is a lot of time!
 Yes I am. I am surprised to learn about the molecular changes that he exhibited when he got home.
 That would be crazy. I wonder if he is the longest serving human in space? It makes sense to see the body change like that, especially since they would see it in SCUBA and high altitudes.
 I like Cadillac a lot. It was named after French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who founded Detroit.
 I didn't know that. And a couple decades later the Model T came out letting the car be accessible to the masses.
 I wonder if they got jacked a lot. Speaking of car jacking, in South Africa you can equip your car with flamethrowers to prevent carjacking.
 I listen to them from time to time. Their album is the best selling of the 2000s.
 That is interesting! I like their song Come Together but didn't know it was part of a political campaign.
 And that prevented him from being able to go to school. He didn't learn to read till much later than usual.
 Even though he knew how to read, none of the Beatles could read music.
 Funny. Even I can read music. But they sure had good knowledge of all sorts of music since they experimented with several musical styles.
 I think they looked good and could sing that's all that matters in the past and these days too in music lol.
 Probably on the planet and others lol. I would hope I could listen to them someday on Venus, but it has no seasons!
 Yeah, and it is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
 I am not sure. I've seen Mars and another but forget which one. It was really bright. Jupiter's moon Ganymede must be huge though I think we cannot see it. It would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.
 I enjoy science, I was just reading about the Earth, Humans, and Travel
 I tend to disagree but that sounds like something the government would be doing 
 It was in 75 when the Russian got the first image of the surface of  Venus. It was the the first planet that we got an image of its surface.  I thought it was Mars. 
 Yes that's why I would have thought they would have the first patent. Maybe for the Model T.
 I see. I wonder what kind of enemies people in south africa face to be legally able to equip flame throwers
 Yes, I heard Danny, the boy from the Shining had no idea he was in a horror movie until years later, but I'm glad that was the case. That was scary!
 That I'm not sure of as I don't watch many. Did you know that as a child Stephen King was terrified when he saw the movie Bambi?
 That's fascinating! I never heard about that. I absolutely need to Google and find out more about it. I think Earth life originally evolved in a methane-heavy atmosphere.
 Not sure why Unicef wants us not to use our phones.
 And to know that he is gay makes the character even funnier!
 Yes. Dark Side of the moon is one of my all time favorites, and it's still selling well today.
 Xbox would be the late 90s I believe. Entertainment sure has come a long way. In Britain people used to breed chickens not for food but for entertainment.
 no but I want to, I guess the first time summit as a term was used was in 1955
 that would sadly not surprise me, and ya the Hybrid Theory album is the best selling album of the 21st century so far
 nope definitely not, I guess they got to platinum status with an album even without any airplay 
 ya I did too! shocking that it could only output 54 colors, I remember the graphics being good
 haha good distinction, well it's interesting that the first summit ever was the Geneva Summit in 1955, its shocking countries didn't do that earlier
 that is nice, but I heard that Russia also went to a summit and gave all the countries thumb drives infected with a virus, definitely not cool!
 That is awful!  
 yup I agree, did you ever play the videogame eve online? they won a world summit award, thats really weird for a game to win something like that
 ya I liked playing mario on my nes back in the day, can't believe that system was around until 2003
 huh I wonder why, is that for taxx reasons? I think its funny Reagan was told that he didn't look presidential enough to play a president, talk about the wrong guy to say that to haha
 ya a steve martin contest! can you see the resemblance because I definitely can, thats what started his career
 ya that is surprising, I want to listen to that twin album, two 100 year old japanese twins made a rap album in 1992, that sounds wacky
 I did not know that. That is kind of weird actually haha. I guess fiction is not based on history or fact so that makes sense that they would have that
 Isn't it a girl named Anne Jones? The record is like 4700 words per minute. I know that I've tried to speed read and I can't retain any information personally. What about you?
 Wow that's crazy! I actually go to a lot of orchestras and operas myself. But Rock shows are the best haha. I would love to see the Ramones. I guess they made almost 2200 concert in about 20 years
 Have you ever read Ender's Game?  It is supposedly on the suggest reading list for some US military organizations.
 Yeah I enjoy his music too. Did you know he started his career as an actor? I thought that was interesting
 It's odd that people call ice hockey just hockey given that there are a lot of different types of hockey. It's similar to Football having a different name globally. By the way, speaking of things being different globally -- did you know it's legal to protect your car against theft with flame throwers in South Africa? Totally nuts!
 Wow, I did not know that. That's very surprising to learn. Cars really are a global phenomenon, did you know that the American car brand cadillac was named after a French explorer with the same surname?
 That is true.  Hopefully it would be summer.  Did you know that Uranus rotates sideways and rolls around the sun instead of spinning?
 I would not want to visit that place! Astronomers once detected building blocks of life in a planetary system 455 light years away!
 That is crazy!
 Indeed it is! It is fun to learn about planets on the Internet. There's even Internet service on the peak of Mount Everest.
 That is insane!  Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a Hamburger Button?
 No but that makes me hungry! The Internet is truly addicting and it is actually measurable in the brain.
 Oh that is really cool! Luckily there is a library of Alexandria that has a saved copy of the Internet in case the Internet burns down LOL!
 That is crazy!
 Do you ever shop on the Internet for clothes? Apple even have a clothing line in 1986.
 I do sometimes. I did not know that!  Did you know there is a store in Alabama that only sells stuff found in unclaimed baggage at the airport?
 Must be!  Did you know that Pilgrim's clothing was full of color? They only wore black for special occasions.
 It should be really easy.   Did you hear about someone who became  a professional race car driver because he beat 90000 people in the video game Gran Turismo?
 I didn't think anything came from North Korea. I bet we can get clothes from there too super cheap and say it is from China
 I didn't know that. Did you know that there are 5 planets in our solar system that are visible to the naked eye?
 Do you follow the fashion industry much? I read something about Rip Curl making its clothes in North Korea. How is that even possible?
 I do not know his name. I do know that hockey players lose on average 8 pounds per game...
 He's probably a good judge of what's funny! Some of the first movies ever were comedies.
 Definitely! Dean Martin chose comedy instead of law school!
 I was shocked, too! Nice talking to you! Have a great rest of your night!
 Yes, he makes $700k per episode! Unbelievable!
 Smart guy! I didn't realize comedy was one of the first genres of film. 
 Small world. Apparently comedies like the hangover and pineapple express are called "bromantic comedies"
 I don't know about that! There is an exception to the happy endings most comedies have, which happens in black comedy. 
 In the 1920's, when movies starting having sound, comedies continues. 
 I would love to learn how to play. In 2006 a piano was found on the top of Britain's highest mountain. 
 How in the world did that get up there?! Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude. That's a hit making piano!
 Who knows?! That's awesome. I wonder where it is now? 
 The dutch people have public transport that goes up to 160MPH!!!!!
 Hello - that's very fast!
 I'm not sure how fast that is supposed to go. I saw that it cost $300 to travel across Japan due to tolls. 
 Not sure on that one. I saw that Iceland has no public rail system. 
 Yes I saw that too. 
 Oh, I don't have any of those. Did you know that the faster reader can read 4700 words per minute?
 Wow - that's fast! Looks like it was a person named Anne Jones. 
 Yea, that's pretty crazy! 
 In the 18th century, there was a moral panic because of the spread of reading of novels lol
 I live in Minnesota so I also have plenty of snow as wall, I even have a snow barricade with how much snow there is! I could use a trip to the tropical islands of Hawaii, even in that paradise, the first king to travel around the world was the King of Hawaii.
 Oh, gotcha! You're really knowledgeable about hats!
 Are you still but not anymore. Yes very difficult to play. Freddie Mercury used the same piano as Paul McCartney.
 Yes it would indeed. Maybe it was aluminum. An aluminum piano was once built for an airship and weighed only 365 pounds!
 Never seen that movie but I think I might add it to my list. Especially since he says it's the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy.
 He actually dropped out of Harvard Law to pursue comedy!
 Same here actually. Ryan Stiles also dropped out of school to pursue comedy!
 Are you a fan of bill murray's comedy
 Yes big time, I love dramas like the godfather and city of god
 Those are good! I love how Jim Carey wont make anymore dramas because of his belief system.
 Well once all of the pages are interlaced you literally cannot rip the two books apart, the friction keeps them together
 Yes that is impressive. I also want to see the Russian computer that they created to run on water, how is that possible
 Haha yes I would definitely upload my brain to a computer though, hopefully you don't smoke near your iPhone though, Apple says they will deny the warranty because they consider that to be a Biohazard
 Yes you're right. It was actually invented back in 1887, which was a long time ago, it was also an indoor game originally
 Yes, I guess.  I used to program them.  Wild that Michael Jackson planned to build a 50 foot one to roam the desert by Vegas.
 Like the cotton gin they will move jobs into other areas.  Scary that rat brains can be hooked up to robots.  I can see the horror films now.
 They would have the taste not to want mine.  I guess if they can debone a chicken, they may make things more precise.  
 Automation can created some unforeseen things.  Of that you can be certain.  Wow, Hugh Laurie gets $700K per episode!  
 You make me think.  I did talk a lot of guys into taking Home Ec' with me so, yeah, I would have done it.  Poor Jim Carrey wouldn't have.  He has a "belief  system."  
 It's good idea. I know, for example, robots can be controlled by using rat brains. The robot change personality depending on which brain is used. It even makes me more scary, because it means you cannot predict something about robots.
 Glad you can enjoy them now! Yes surprisingly up to 180 per hour! Is it considered a workout then?!
 Yes because there was a lot of blood too! I am curious to know. Kind of like when Stephen King saw Bambi for the first time and was terrified!
 Actually true now that I think about it, yes it was a bit scary but yes I bet it inspired him since he thinks of it as a Horror film.
 Yes you raise a very valid point. And don't forget about Bram Stoker and Mary Shelley as well!
 Yea, it's insane since its discovery Neptune has only completed one full orbit in 2011
 I did not like that movie much either. I am also a fan of Will Ferrell but his recent movies have not been that great to me.
 That's an insane budget for a comedy! Probably cost a lot to have all those animals.
 I did not know that, I don't think that would have done much to save the movie.
 That's cool, I would not have made that connection.
 They are both things I don't think people on Mackinac island could imagine after having motorized vehicles banned for over 100 years.
 I agree it might not be a bad thing to have some cars off the streets. Islanders using domestic flights to get from town to town is interesting.
 thats funny a king never heard of was the first to travel around the world. thats like there being a breed of jelly fish that is immortal.
 Im not sure the black swallower is pretty cool they can eat prey twice their own length and 10 times their weight.
 My guess would be "yes".  Funny, I never think of fish drinking water.  I guess freshwater fish do it through their skin while salt water fish drink through their mouths.
 How could you not be a fan with a find like that. Its funny in Canada kickball is called soccer-baseball.
 Yeah, we just called it kickball.  I liked playing it.  Funny, baseball managers wear a uniform because they can actually play in the game.
 For sure... Probably even in Japan.  I think baseball is more popular there than in the USA.
 Same for me also. Have you ever been or live on the west coast?
 Ok, I have live in Las Vegas, but I never thought about crosswords puzzle contest. I was thinking about the fish that lived 226 years.
 Wow that's cool. No I'm in Ohio so pretty far from LA. Did you know the Dutch are creating a commuter bus that can travel at 160mph?
 I don't have any tolls in my area, but I'm not entirely against them if they can use the toll money to maintain the roads and infrastructure. That's crazy they are all toll roads in Japan.
 Agreed. The first king to travel around the world was king Kalakaua from Hawaii.
 i remember we had old-timers in the 1970 who used a buggy.  But once they died, that era ended.  I like the way Michigan has banned motorized vehicles on Mackinac Island to preserve the natural environment and the traditional community there.
 That's a good idea to preserve the natural environment. Iceland has no public rail system. 
 I love fishing for sure. I fish a lot in my area. Did you know the seahorse is the only fish to have neck
 I've heard of those jellyfish before. Apparently, their cells just constantly regenerate. 
 Some of the things posted are really unusual.  I read a post in which some one mixed electronics with food!!!  They wrote about eating cheese with electronics and apple juice with IPADs.  Some people have too much time on their hands???
 Thats true.  I just don't see him as a funny guy I guess. 
 Me too. Did you know the 3 horizontal lines on apps and websites is called the hamburger button?
 That's crazy. Constant novelty from clicking links can actually cause a real addiction.
 That's pretty amazing. That's like 29,000 feet up in the air.
 I love Silence of the Lambs. What a great movie.
 It was a great movie.  Disney's "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time.
 No.  But Disney's "Sleeping Beauty" was also a box office failure and Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after that.  I would think that their animation studio is the one strong thing Disney is known for.
 Wow, that would have stunk if they stopped making animation. They make some very good movies for the kids.
 Yes.  I agree.  Another movie that bombed at the box office was Trojan Wars.  It had a budget of $15,000,000 but only earned $309.  That number doesn't even sound right.
 Wow....that sounds like an error to me. There's no way it only made $309 dollars. I find that very hard to believe. 
 True, I think he's very talented. In general rap is a very historied genre. Did you know Tupac's music is in the Library of Congress?
 Donald glover got his rapper name 'childish gambino' from an online wu-tang clan name generator. What would yours be?
 I'm not sure, but that's interesting, lot of rappers get influence from seemingly random sources. I know Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before rapping.
 Jason paige the singer of the pokemon theme is also the rapper on "black and white" by michael jackson. Thats so weird!
 It's amazing how many side ventures artists get into! Busta Rhymes also voiced a character in the Rugrats movie, aside from rapping.
 I remember that. There is a deaf rapper named signmark who rhymes in sign language.
 Somewhat! In general I find the box office interesting, I didn't know Tom Hanks was the highest all-time box office star.
 Yeah thats cool! The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Hmm, I don't see the resemblance to a hamburger
 Yeah some places have bad signal. 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 Yeah right!  I have no clue! Do you watch movies?With over $8.5 billion worldwide film earnings, tom hanks is the highest all-time box office star.
 Hes so talented! 
 Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure.
 I know,  so sad!  I dont know the movie,  but I feel bad for the actors. The silence of the lambs came out on valentine's day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million.
 Yea, ironic it came out on valentine's day in 1991
 I don't have any cats either. I'm more of a dog person. Do you? I don't know many cats and dogs that can live together happily!
 Definitely  Now it's the 2nd largest search engine on the net.  
 True.  Probably why in august of 2013 when google went down for 5 minutes it took 40 percent of web traffic with it!
 That's hilarious.  I know that most of the content on youtube is uploaded by individuals.  Although some of it is media corporations.
 What's pretty neat is a google search requires more computing power than sending astronauts to the moon
 Totally wild.  And to think it was founded in 1998 by two PhD students!
 Yea, and they used goats to mow their lawn instead of people
 I do, it's my search engine basically. 
 It's crazy what's all on Youtube. Did you know that the most disliked video is a Justin Bieber video?
 I thought I heard that somewhere, I didn't realize the police have their own blutube?
 I know, I'd like to find it. There may be some interesting things on there.
 Did you know that Youtube had to upgrade their view count integer to 64 bits after Psy's Gangham Style got so many views?
 Yeah they do, between them and Netflix they make up half of peak internet traffic in North America. 
 True, Did you know Google nicknamed their headquarters Googleplex in August 2015. I use Google alot!
 I didn't know that, I use it alot too. I wish I could have been there when they had goats to mow the lawns around their headquarters.
 Baby goats, adorable!  One google search uses a vast amount of power!
 Yes, The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones at 4,700 a minute!  Wow
 That's wild. I bet they could read Ender's Game quickly.
 Thanks, I hope you have a great day!
 Oh really? I haven't watched any shows, but I do use to search for tons of things so I wasn't surprised to find that its the second largest search engine on the internet!
 Apparently it so many views it forced Youtube to upgrade it's counter integer to 64 bits.
 Thats wild! I knew that song was popular but I had no idea people played it that often. Did you know that "Baby" is the most disliked video on youtube? That didn't really surprise me haha
 I don't blame you! I always want to check what my son watches. It can be disguised as kid friendly, but it really may not be!
 I agree. I didn't know that there was a Filter called restricted mode that helps filter out the iffy stuff.
 That is interesting! That would be a great way to make sure your kids are getting content from a creator that is positive!
 Me either! I read that Youtube and Netflix make up half of the internet traffic in North America!
 It was crazy popular.  It is amazing the amount of material and information that is disseminated though youtube! 
 I never knew that! That is really interesting. It is crazy how much some baseball cards are worth.
 Yes, but his deal is spread out over many years. Paying him well into his 50s is interesting since I doubt he will be marketable then.
 Yeah very true. Nike also got in on the action. The Jordan 1 shoes were initially banned by the NBA but he still wore them!
 So strange that they were banned, I guess the NBA was a lot more strict then. I hope they paid his fines.
 Yeah you're right. Nike did pay his fines like you said. Tim Duncan passed up a lot of money by staying in college for 4 years!
 Yeah. Not everyone is a man child like Lebron. He was born in 1984 but seems old for his age. 
 Yeah he is a good guy. He raised 6 million dollars for charity by televising the widely criticised "decision"
 Yeah me too he was golden and classic in the first. Reggie Miller was also a good player but his sister was even better!
 Yes. Cheryl is pretty famous in her own right. 
 Yes she must be. Breaking 8 national records by scoring 105 points!
 Just once I'd like to see someone shoot granny style since it's been proven to be the best way to shoot. No one is willing to try in a game though.
 hi, i think the server might go down. How are you?
 Yes! He's so talented. Couldn't believe he want to LA!
 Agreed. Now he has a lifetime deal with nike worth $1b!
 Yea every day, It's amazing how big it got for being founded by Page and Brin when they were only PhD students
 Yea, they do a lot of AI research too. Did you know Kristen Stewart wrote a paper on ai? Shocking
 She was the actress from the Twlight Movies, not someone I would think write any paper let alone one on ai
 That was interesting.  Apparently, an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 That's crazy, not as crazy as dolphins being able to talk to each other over the telephone(if true)
 I do not think it  is true but you never know. Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
 Does it really? That's insane. Not as insane as those "robo farmers" in Britain though. Farming by AI is a weird concept.
 It really is! I'm sure farmers are liking it though because it's less intensive! Have you heard of the non-profit for the advancement of AI?
 Yes, she did. Its weird that a chatter bot program fooled judges into thinking it was human.
 Yes, I remember using rotary phones long time ago. Did you know that an Iphone has more computing power than the  whole USA nuclear icbm deterrent?
 I didn't. I read that UNICEF will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. I'm not sure if I believe that though.
 LOL, I've never used it either. BTW, have you heard of the theory that the Universe might be one giant hologram? 
 I was shocked to find out that Eminiem's true dream was to become a comic book artist.  
 WOW! I didn't know that, what type of comics did he want to make? 
 they can be touched? I always thought they were just gas and light!
 really? he's far from that dream. I wonder if he'll ever settle down and start drawing some art
 i dont think the wagon even talks from what I remember! that reminds me that Bruce Willis voiced Spike the dog in the first few Rugrats episodes
 I think it would be wholesome and fun! nice to see some people be nice to each other for a change. Thats a much nicer rap than that judge that delivered a ruling to Eminem in the form of a rap
 yes its not fair but some people are not good! I agree ball players now are giants...litterly
 Kareem Abdul Jabbar was too good and college bball banned it!
 I have actually, it was a long time ago I think it was the first or second one, now there are at least 33 games i think1
 that's crazy, do you play call of duty? Apparently even Prince William did haha
 ya it's worth waiting, did you know that COD black ops ii has been ranked to have the best videogame ending of all time?
 I didnt know that, I defitnetely have to buy that game now, there is a map that feautres an earthquake in Japan.
 that is crazy, you'd think that would be kind of offensive, I remember that Afflack fired Gilbert Gottfried over a tweet about that earthquake
 that is crazy! What is also crazy to me is that Apple computers had a clothing line in the 80's! like why doesn't anyone know about that
 yes, especially because new york was probably the biggest city at the time,would you donate your phone to unicef? It is actually a good idea that they give clean water in exchange for phones, I've been thinking about it since you brought it up
 hey, I am not a good video game player I think I do not have a good skills on them. But is very interesting to know that it was a computer game
 Wow, I can imagine why the game of call of duty topped $15 billion on sales
 Yes exactly. They also use very realistic maps one of them takes place in the same location as the earthquake in Japan.
 that is a great gesture from the video game since they are basing their game and profits on all the bad stuff that the veteran go thru
 That is crazy! so Apple tried on all industries to make it
 They really did. Rip curl somehow makes clothes in North Korea but the label says made in China. Interesting.
 wow but you know that the most important things about clothing is that it protects your body from weather conditions
 really they sell other people clothing that is crazy
 Lol, that's nuts. I'd like to visit Japan but don't want to spend $300 on the highway tools to travel across the country!
 That's pretty cool. Idk about going to Iceland, they have no public rail service!
 Maybe lol, instead Icelanders use domestic flights to travel between major cities, that sounds expensive!
 I had no clue, I wonder if there is any videos
 Hello - did you know the Dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph?
 I saw that it would cost around $300 to travel across Japan due to tolls. 
 That's crazy. I would not want to live in Iceland. 
 That's way too cold for me as well. I saw that the first king to travel around the world was king Kalakaua from Hawaii which is pretty interesting. 
 That would be scary for sure. I also read that humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within 2-3 months of having it surgically removed. 
 LOL - yep!
 I like watching the hockey fights they sure can go at it, No wonder they can lose so much weight in one game.
 Oh yea that is true, wonder if most team managers could make it around... I am no spring chicken anymore  that is why I stick to mostly reading these days. Are you are reader ?? 
 That is some amazing reading skill. Reading anything right now ? 
 happy reading
 That's true. I am surprised the first king to travel around the world is from Hawaii.
 Yes, because the gene for this enzyme is defective. Its good I love oranges. lol
 Awww, I know, so cute! Professional ballet dancers go thru a lot of shoes in a week!
 That's surprising! MJ had a patent on the device to achieve the extreme lean! Who knew, Good chat!!
 hi, do you like travel?
 Sure do, some of my top bucketlist destinations include Austria, Australia, Iceland but Iceland would be too expensive since you'd have to take domestic flights to get between major towns.
 I don't think I see the resemblance between those two. I read somewhere that someone can read at a speed of 4700 words per minute! That's actually the world record for the time being.
 I wonder how much of that information that she reads is actually retained. In the 18th century, her skills for reading would be considered a moral panic! 
 Yeah, how ironic. Maybe if there was a motive for reading like how there is a subculture dedicated to finding the "hidden mickey mouse" in all things disney, kids would be more motivated to read.
 Im not sure about that but the movie require a 55000 core super computer Im guessint that was a really expensive piece of machinery, lots of money invested in the movie
 No I didn't know that that's a long time, it's interesting that they change their name to the Walt Disney Company in 1986
 Yeah that makes sense. Did you know that Minnie Mouse's real name is Minerva by the way
 I had no idea! Disney makes more money than NBCUniveral and WarnerMedia. They are a huge company!
 That's an interesting hobby! Did you know that the robot Wall-e was named after Walt Disney? His middle name was Elias
 Haha. I guess they wanted it to be scientifically correct? Disney specialized in animation before they opened any theme parks. 
 Yeah I did know about that. I can't believe Disney was founded back in 1923 that is almost 100 years ago
 Me, too. Some people call Disney "Mouse House". I've never heard that one before. 
 I have heard of that, but I never read it. It takes me a long time to read. Unlike Anne Jones who can read 4700 words per minute!
 Yep that is a lot! And I did not read the book Starship Troopers but I did see the movie, apparently it is recommended by the US Military
 Haha that's a good point. The movie is actually very anti-military which is why I was curious if you had read the book, I was wondering if a book is different
 Are you an iPhone user?  They have more computational power than the entire US nuclear ICMB nuclear deterrent!
 Ha!  Sounds like a plan.  Maybe it can also separate two phone books with the pages overlapped to?
 Speaking of libraries and books, I can't believe the FDA burned 6 tons of literature in an act of censorship.  I wonder what they were trying to do?
 Ha! Yeah, that could hurt.  Yeah but it is some serous incentive.  America isn't so dumb, we have more libraries than McDonald's! Eat and read!
 That's puzzling... Also puzzling is that Greeks rarely wrote about romantic kissing.  I thought they would more!
 That is a great idea!  Like if you need a chainsaw because a tree branch went down in your yard, but you don't want to own one!  That happened to me...we had to pay someone to remove the tree branch.  It was a big branch!
 That's what went through my head when I read that.  Every library should follow their lead and do that.  
 LOL!  What?  I never heard of that!  Now I'm curious...  Maybe you should try comedic fantasy?  An author was once knighted for his "services to literature" through comedic fantasy!
 OH!!!  I did not know that!  I guess that's how he won the gold metal.  I thought they gave it to him because of the Olympics connection...how interesting!!
 Wow, not cool! It had to have been many years ago.  There is a doctor who teaches heavy metal as a form of literature.  Isn't that curious?
 That's wild! If that's what she wanted then that's awesome, but that's so surprising that that's biologically possible!
 That's so sad. It's so weird and cool though that they got someone who biologically couldn't breast feed to actually produce 8oz of milk a day!
 Yeah agreed. I'm surprised that they even tried to be honest
 Wow, that's shocking! I had no idea. Apparently dolphins can speak over the phone and know who they are talking to.
 Yea I use to have a channel in the early days, it's amazing 400 hours of content is uploaded on youtube each minute
 That's amazing! I can't believe it's been around for 14 years already!
 They are owned by google, too!
 That's pretty funny! Three guys who worked for Paypal made the site. I wonder how that came about.
 That's true. You can even access the internet at the top of Mt. Everest!
 Haha. Yeah, that's something! There is a library that has a copy of the internet, which is kind of strange to think about. 
 I have no idea! They're apparently storing it for if the internet ever burns down. 
 He created it with Nixon! Good night 
 Haha that's a good plan! And sorry I missed your first question, I do like dogs a lot. I need a dog so that I can go on walks to burn calories, and then we can watch horror movies together to cuddle and I will also burn calories doing that LOL
 LOL ok I'll make sure not to do that, also I feel bad, at least they are not colorblind but they definitely can't see as many colors as humans can, that is weird
 Haha I wish it were a joke. But it's an instrument actually. It makes that weird creepy metallic noise that you hear in horror movies. Maybe I should buy one LOL
 That is incredible! And we are all hooked on our cell phones. It is quite something that Unicef donates a day of clean water to a child who needs it for every minute we don't use our phone. 
 That is so cool. I am an author, maybe I should move to Norway! They distribute even more copies of a children's book at 1,500 per book.
 He was such an important world figure politically it is funny to think of his award being about writing not his place on the world stage. That's 1953 for you. I couldn't imagine our political leaders doing much of their own writing these days. They rely a lot on ghost writers.
 That is so true! You know, I also found it surprising that literature, along with music, architecture plus sculpture and painting were all Olympic events from 1912 up until 1952. It's too bad they aren't anymore!
 It is sad. We are losing an element of culture and the value we place on it. We can learn so many things from books, like Romantic kissing being a new trend. It is hardly ever mentioned in ancient greek literature. How would we know these things without literature and the arts?
 Depends, Stephen King movies are mixed bag... But it's basically about this cult group kidnapping and killing Nic Cage's girlfriend, so he goes insane and goes on a rampage of revenge.  Kind of a throwback to 70s grindhouse films and stuff.  
 I'm betting he probably found the scene where Bambi's mom gets shot to be rather terrifying.  Heard lots of kids got scared from that...
 Oh wow, that would have been scary. Did you know the earth is 4.5 billion years old? I never knew that.
 Yeah, course there's those that insist it's only like 40,000 years old, but I tend to think those guys are a little kooky!  They say if earth's history was 24 hours, we (humans) would only be about two minutes of that...
 Fires, floods, ice ages, dinosaurs, you name it.  All kinds of crazy stuff.  Not to mention all the continental drifting!  
 Well, no more floating balloons for starters... You know they say when the earth was first formed days were only 5.5 hours long.  Dunno if that means the rotation was faster or the mass was smaller.. think I may have to Google that a bit more
 Hmm, that's interesting. I wonder how they calculated that and why it was only 5.5 hours long. I would assume the earth has always been the same weight right? Nothing can be produced or destroyed from nothing. Interesting stuff to learn.
 Well, there's some that say a large asteroid crashed into earth and added to it's mass a long time ago.  But I don't know for sure.
 Right? It's certainly an incredible amount of information, and yet somehow the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the entire Internet!
 That's surprising! It definitely doesn't seem like that, but YouTube is so huge it makes sense. Youtube and Netflix make up half of peak Internet traffic in North America after all!
 Good Morning! I hope the connection works well for you! I'm reading about High School. You?
 I hated it too. Although I still dream occassionally about being back there. 
 I used to listen to Bob ross when I was pregnant for my first son. His voice was so soothing, it would put me to sleep.  I loved watching Psy though!
 That would be so useful! I use my library card for e-books and audiobooks, but I haven't been to my branch yet. That Sacramento Library is pretty smart
 And that was back in 1895. I'd imagine more of the books were hardbacks versus paperbacks during that time
 That is very true.  If I ever write a book, I will make sure it gets published in Norway - the government will buy 1000 copies just for libraries!
 That is very scary! 
 No, i haven't even thought about doing that, that is crazy. 
 I find that hard to believe as well as the fact that King was afraid of Bambi as a kid
 It's been awhile since I've been to any as well.  Got a friend of mine he's big into the Ramones and seen them in concert a few times.  Get this, they've played a total of 2,263 concerts, touring almost non-stop for over TWENTY years.  Now that's dedication to your music! 
 Oh, man, can't imagine a concert being so bad you get SUED by the audience members... guessing maybe they had mechanical problems, or one of the band members wasn't performing very well.  I recall news of a concert (not Creed, can't recall who it was) where the guy was DRUNK on stage, and slurred through his songs.  They ended up refunding the audience's money.. 
 They also take up a lot of space. What's surprising is that Dark Side of the Moon is still so popular that it was still a best-seller in 2014
 Yeah he did. Great actor. Jon Hamm is also a great actor and he used to teach drama at his old high school!
 No I didn't that is cool. There are even wild birds in Australia that mimic the sound of a camera. That would be funny to hear. 
 Yeah probably just a basic one. The bones of birds are actually hollow which allows them to fly!
 I love animals - did you know that they develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated?
 That does make sense.  Animals come in so many types - they range from 8.5 millionth of a metre to 33.6 meters long!
 That is funny.  I wish I were as light as a bird - their bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers
 Yes.  Birds like parrots are fun - there are wild birds in Australia that mimic the sounds of cameras car alarms and even chain saws!
 That is curious I have never heard of that!
 You too!
 That is insane! But he does a great job, so I can believe it. What do you think about Jim Carrey not doing any more dramatic roles? I do think his best roles were comedy so I'm not too mad
 Yep I agree. Do you think it's a positive image to chase after girls? That's why Michael Caine started acting by the way
 I do like birds myself. I like to eat them haha. Chickens are delicious, it's sad that the dodo bird is extinct though, but apparently they are related to pigeons, so maybe we can clone them one day
 No I didn't know that! That is awesome though, it sounds like the spiders need spider police to make sure the birds don't steal their stuff LOL. It's also weird that Australian birds can mimic weird sounds like car alarms and chainsaws, that sounds scary actually
 Yep I agree with you. What is crazy to me too, is that birdsare  really lightweight, like their bones actually weigh less than their feathers, that is so screwy
 Haha speak for yourself LOL just kidding just kidding haha. did you hear that the Scottish government has a law that protects the Loch Ness monster? It was passed back in 1912, I hope that thing is actually real but I doubt it haha
 Yes that is a cool. Another cool law is the Loch Ness monster law that Scotland passed. It protects the Loch Ness monster if it's real LOL I hope it is but I'm not holding my breath
 I cannot answer that. But Jazz trumpeters grow goatees for comfort
 That gives them something in common with programmers who write software with jazz-like harmonies.
 Yes.    I saw one given by a woman in Harlem for free one time on Sunday.
 I hope it was better than a creed concert in 2002. Which was so bad 4 guest sued the band
 I don't think the Ramones ever got sued, and the played 2263 concerts.
 That album was so popular they played 324 concerts in 2001
 I wonder if any of those shows were like Pink Floyd in Pompeii -- which was played to no audience.
 Thanks!     I would guess many smaller bands have a gig in private houses with only a handful of people in attendance.
 Yes the ancient west African griot tradition. They had oral historians who would disseminate oral traditions and genealogies.
 I saw where a judge made a ruling against eminem using a form of rap.
 I have also read about Korean rappers inventing a new type of rap. I have never heard a Korean rapper.
 Did you know eminem wanted to be a comic book artist?
 Yes  i do. I never knew that about Busta Rhymes.
 Yes, I always thought it was odd that they wore uniforms. But now it makes sense that it it because they can play.
 Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in canada? kickball was fun as a kid
 Up until 2005 it was a married couple for 24 years!
 The women's world cup had higher ratings than the US world series???
 Yes, I did hear that. I was a little surprised. 
 They beat the Cleveland Indians a few years ago.  I don't remember if it was back to back winning seasons though.
 Dang....thats is nuts.  Good talk, take care!
 I find that a lot of British shows have a briefer and more consolidated television season. I believe it helps keep the quality of their shows higher.
 Me either! I bet Blockbuster is beating themselves up for declining an offer.
 They had an offer to buy netflix for $50 million and now it is worth $2 billion!
 I did not know some people still received movies through postage. 
 That is just in the US. They have 137 million total subscribers. 
 I guess he knows how to hire smart people.  I didn't like Blockbuster's policies much either.  Did you know the original NES only displayed 54 colors? 
 Yes, well, my kids did.  Hours of fun for them and they were very, very durable.  I guess it was around until 2003. 
 Yes it was.  Did you know that no woman has ever been nominated for an Academy Award in cinematography?  
 Too funny. Interesting to hear they covered country songs. Did you know there are only 2 black artists in the Country Music Hall of Fame? Crazy. I'm guessing one is Charley Pride. Maybe Ray Charles is the other? 
 Wow, I didn't know that.  Here's an interesting tidbit, when Eddie Van Halen recorded the guitar solo in Beat It he literally set the speakers on fire!  
 I love country music. Country is actually used to describe many styles and sub genres of the music. 
 Oh very cool and good to know. Did you know George Strait and Jeff Bezos are related?
 Yes me too. I heard it was originally created for country music.
 I agree. I saw Henry Ford helped make country popular.
 Not too much, but I've heard that UNICEF will donate clean water if you do not use your cell phone.
 True!    Can you believe phone cables lie on the ocean floor!
 I can't believe that. They are also only 2.7 inches thick! Good talking to you!
 It is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
 That is so small!!
 Did you know that the sun takes up 99.86% of the mass of the solar system?  Really large, huh?
 Never knew that.  The sun, though is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy even though so massive
 Wow.  I wonder who sits and stares to figure this out
 Really?  I like books a bunch but like exercise too.  Reading is a complex brain process decoding symbols into meaning when you think about it. Challenging for some.
 Not really, but I'm pretty fast so maybe?? i wouldn't know how you tell.  Reading can be an escape for some but different for different people how they see things or don't see things
 Are you a football fan (soccer)?  Over 250 million players in over 200 countries play being the most popular sport in the world
 I'm reading a sad article this time.
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Did you know The sun is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering
 yeah,  that's really sad.  But, A lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun, about 5x hotter.
 Yeah,  I saw.  On july 11th, 2011, neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since its discovery in 1846
 Thats good,  justice for the people. The sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy
 Do you like reading? Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches
 I do like to read,  but I mostly do audible now so I can listen to books. The world record for speed reading is held by anne jones, with a reading speed of 4,700 words per minute
 Yeah,  me too,  thats pretty cool. In the 18th century there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Could you imagine! Just because people were reading!
 Huh... I had no idea a lightning bolt was hotter than the sun.
 That is pretty amazing.  I've heard ts five times hotter!  But the sun still produces enough energy in just one second to meet the needs of our planet for 500,000 years!
 Somehow we will find a way to screw it up... It is made up of plasma too. I thoguht it was gas.
 Ya, but the sun is only one billionth of the size of the biggest star in our galaxy!
 Now that's a big star! Neptune just finished its first rotation around the sun. Like 150 years!
 Ya, it is a guilty pleasure of mine!  Apparently the world's fastest reader can read 4,700 words per minute!
 I had no idea. That's weird. Especially since it doesn't sound like it.
 I read that and was shocked! He doesn't look like an athlete, let alone an elite athlete...
 I am so surprised we havent found a way to tap into that yet, and implement it!
 Wow, no wonder strikes cause so much damage.
 Yeah, and to think there was once Moral panic over reading!  
 I did not know that, I thought it was really big!  It's been great talking with you, have a good day!
 Hi there. Do you watch golf? I never knew Babe Ruth was a golfer!
 Interesting! I don't play golf but I do play disc golf. There is a course in Antarctica for that apparently!
 Nice! The US military actually operates 234 golf courses around the world.
 Holy cow that seems odd, why would they? That course in dubia that I mentioned requires 4 million gallons of water per day.
 Yeah I'm not sure either. It costs $140,000,000 to operate them.
 Man that is a lot. I wonder if Samuel L. Jackson ever played those courses?
 Oh, he plays golf? Kim Jong Il supposedly scored 11 holes in one over 18 holes in the first and only time he played golf. I suspect it might be propaganda haha
 Well that's a good idea! I don't play golf but would love to visit this golf course in Australia that has bull shakers in one of its water hazards..
 Maisie William's first role was playing Arya Stark.
 Yeah. She was so good at that role that everyone is using it as a baby name now!
 Interesting! That's a pretty nice name except I can see it used as jokes, you know Arya this, Arya that...(are you)
 Nice! So Hafthor Julius Bjornsson who plays the mountain is only 25 years old. Wait, what do they mean by mountain? I don't watch Game of Thrones.
 Oh okay so not a talking mountain? Jack Gleeson who plays Joffrey said that Joaqui Phoenixs is a huge inspiration for him.
 Interesting. No a mountain because he is as big as a mountain lol! It is also filmed in Belfast, Canada, Croatia, Iceland, Malta, Morocco, Scotland, and Spain!!!
 Not really, I have only see him play a few times, do you like baseball at all? He is on the Nationals.
 Neither am I, although I also do occasionally watch it. Did you know that American golf courses consume around 312 000 gallons of water a day!
 I did not know that, what a waste. Did you know Michael Phelps is an under armour athlete? I would have never guessed.
 Neither would I. Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfers.
 Oh wow, I never knew that. I always got the rough and fairway mixed up the first times I golfed, thought I was doing good but realized the tall grass is not good!
 No doubt. There  is a golf course in Dubai that uses 4 million gallons of water, that is ridiculous.\
 I wonder how Dubai even has that much water, the city is literally in the middle of a desert!
 The fantasy drama show that is on HBO? I do. Did you know all the countries they film in, it's crazy long.
 Yes. Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter plays the character talisa maegyr in GoT
 Oh that is pretty cool, I have not read the novels, A Song of Ice and Fire, have you?
 With pro ball players playing over 150 games a year, it's not a surprise that some get injured.  That they can come back just a strong is usually a surprise to me.
 I was surprised to learn that Gallo and Harper have known each other since they were kids.
 I thought I had heard that she went to one of the pro-am tournaments for golf at some point as well.  Had she not been seriously injured, it could have been a Phelps/VanDyken golf tourney.
 At least, not in the MLB.  I would suspect that would be more common in the softball world, or in female oriented professional sports.
 Yeah it's super popular in Brazil. Mezuit Ozil donated 300,000 euros of his world cup victory bonus to 23 children in Brazil who needed surgery.
 Yep. Did you know Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star?
 Yes for sure. Disney once considered shutting down their animation studio because Sleeping Beauty was a flop at the box office.
 Interesting. The movie Trojan War had a budget of $15 million and only made $309 at the box office. Seems like that is wrong.
 I think so too. In Britain around 50BC, they bred chickens for entertainment and not food.
 Did you know it can only be displayed in 54 colors?
 Nintendo was discontinued in Japan back in 2003.
 He said that winning was the worst thing that ever happened to him! Other winners have ended up in violent situations, too. 
 Definitely! Apparently, one lottery winner was killed by masked men in his own home.
 That's exactly right. One winner ended up in a mobile home. 
 I don't. I heard there is even a fantasy spelling bee and a fantasy Congress!
 I did not know that!  How about Bill Nye the science guy.  He got his break winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!  I think that's hysterical!
 That's funny! I guess they do look alike... Did you know that until 2005 a married couple did all of the MLB schedules?
 Verlander!
 No but Im sure they are doing just fine without your revenue. Silence of the Lamb came out on valentines day? Seems odd.
 I think they do. My grandma still has a rotary phone and it still works LOL. It's interesting how New York's area code is two-one-two due to the rotary phone
 Yep exactly. It's also shocking that there is a phone line that runs across the Atlantic ocean, connects the USA to Europe and is only about three inches in diameter, seems very precarious to me
 And it just lays there!
 Did you know people have fantasy drafts for the spelling bee?
 No I didn't know that, but they also have fantasy draft for Congress and the laws that they passed, so I guess people will make a fantasy competition for anything LOL
 Yep I don't pay attention to either one so I wouldn't know, but I'm sure some people are very concerned with winning those competitions haha. What do you think about the human brain? A single fold can actually change whether you think you are perceivingfantasy or reality which is interesting
 Yes I think so. He invented the phrases such as laughingstock, Brave New World, and as luck would have it
 He even invented names!
 I heard about that, he invents the name is Jessica Olivia and Miranda, those are all awesome names!
 Yes and it's interesting that he had an accent that would make his work rhyme better, but since we read his work in our modern accent not all of the lines rhyme
 I did not know that. Have a great day!
 Haha. I was reading the other day about the winner of the $560 million powerball. The winner was in a big court fight to remain anonymous.
 No didnt know about that, she sure is lucky, thats a lot of money. YouTube celebrities also make a lot of money
 I'm not sure either, thats a cameo I probably wouldn't notice. Did you know the movie was supposed to star WIll Smith or Brad Pitt as Cobb? That would have been entirely different movie
 Such an incredible movie, it was supposed to be a horror film to start too!
 Thanks for that.     It is amazing how many mainstream movies started as horror films.
 I find it amazing Stephen King considers bambi a horror movie lol
 Perhaps so, but can you imagine ET as a horror film!
 I also find it Ironic "Scary Movie" (the original name for scream) became the title for one of its parodies.
 Not as strange as Danny from the Shining not realizing he was staring in a horror film as a kid
 True.    Did you like Inception?     That movie also began life as a horror flick.
 Pretty amazing the lengths they will go to!    Amazing it was based on a Poe story!
 I never knew that, or that Elon Musk's wife was in Inception either
 Very cool.    On a less serious note, there was a Donald Duck comic with a similar plot years before the film.
 Really? Bambi? as in the deer? that is unbelievable, I guess Bambi isnt as friendly as I thought
 Yes I think they are 212 because it was fastest. I'm shocked that the cables that carry our phone and internet across oceans are only 2.7 inches thick! They aren't even suspended they just lay there. 
 That is a great campaing, I would like to be a part of it too as well, its also suprising to know that an IPhone has more power than the entire US nuclear deterrant
 Yeah, its worth 104 billion now
 Dang...whoppers.  Im going to unfriend some now lol.  Take care.
 Hi! Guess what's the only kind of fish that has a neck?
 Hello! I have zero idea what fish has a neck, can I have a hint? 
 Seahorses!
 I believe I've seen something about that on a nature special. 
 Would that be the black swallower fish!? 
 That is correct! I wonder if there are any genetic studies being done that correlate with humans.
 Hey how's it going. What do you think of fish? I think they are pretty interesting. They don't have any limbs or digits for Pete's sake.
 That is epic. I want a big fish tank like that. Thats amazing. The black swallower can even eat prey twice its length and ten times its weight.
 Truly amazing. The only fish to have a neck is the...seahorse!
 Haha that is hard to believe! There is apparently a jellyfish breed that is immortal!
 That's just mind blowing! I think that aquatic life is truly amazing and so unique compared to other species of animals.For example, there's a species of fish that lives on land for its entire adult life! I'm not so sure I'd classify those little guys as fish even!
 Wow yeah good point. I always thought freshwater fish drank water through their mouth but apparently that is only saltwater fish!
 Yeah cool. Another interesting fact is that Zebrafish have 84% of genes known to be associated with human disease.
 We have one farm to table restaurant near where I live, it takes almost a year to get a reservation!
 I feel like a lot of people have taken up gluten free as a fad but it has really helped those who suffered from a gluten intolerance because it's become more widely known now.
 Really? I was not aware of that. Do you know anything about how it was different? I can't remember what my first animated movie was. 
 That's very interesting. I did recently find out that Wreck-It-Ralph started development in the late 80's. That's so shocking to me. I wonder how many rewrites were needed just based on how many characters are in it that spanned so long after. 
 Hi. very interesting. I like fish. If you get a goldfish it might be around a while. Like the one that live to 43!
 Yes it is. There even a species of fish that lives on land all its adult life. So crazy!
 Haha I want to look that up later. I don't know the name of that fish, but there was once a koi fish that lived to 226 years old!
 Wow how is that even possible? Speaking of jellyfish, they can evaporate in the sun because they are 98% water!
 Haha oh lobster is sooo good!! I see a lot of lobster dinner pics on facebook. There are more people on facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago!
 Bet they are kicking themselves now no doubt. Facebook has 56 gender options that is ridiculous lol.
 Same it would be way more dramatic! Facebook also seems to play a big part in divorces unfortunately.
 Yes I use it a lot as well. There is a group of people called transhumanist's who want to want to upload their minds to computers! A bit odd.
 Yes a bit extreme if you ask me! People are so innovative. For example, someone built a working computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks!
 Yes it really is impressive. Especially since it happened in 1936!
 Yes! He actually portrayed the Mouse King in the Nutcracker!
 Yes I think the shoe makers need to work on durability. Have you heard that babies spontaneously dance when they hear music?! How adorable lol.
 Impressive! I also like the band Radiohead, did you know that the singer Thom Yorke was credited with playing the"laptop"on albums
 Wow that's impressive! Also impressive how Bob Marley has been on the top album chart for over 914 weeks
 I think he's ok. I'm more prefer Led Zeppelin though in terms of Music, apparently they didn't title their fourth album which is awesome
 All that is interesting, just don't buy his albums at Walmart because they only sell the clean versions LOL
 Yes I watch YouTube a lot. Did you know that YouTube actually started out as a dating website
 I wonder about that too, I don't know why they think it's such a bad song LOL. Did you know that the first video on YouTube to be uploaded was actually one of a guy talking to an elephant
 Hey there I use you to almost every day. What about you? It's crazy that it's the second largest search engine on the internet
 Yeah it was definitely popular. YouTube had to upgrade the integer that does view counts on their site to 64-bit just because that video has so many views
 Yeah you should. You should also check out the music video Baby by Justin Bieber, it's the most disliked music video on YouTube actually
 Yeah some people love him and some people hate him. Did you know that Netflix and YouTube makeup half of all internet traffic? Imagine if one went down, that would be insane
 Yep people would probably riot in the streets haha. Unless they switched over to blue tube, it's like YouTube but only for police, maybe they could get their fix there
 Yeah I don't like rap that much either, I know that Tupac Shakur has music in the Library of Congress, I don't think his music is that good and it doesn't have cultural significance either
 Yep that is probably what it is. Also, Busta Rhymes did a voice in that Rugrats movie, I like Rugrats but I don't like Busta Rhymes LOL
 Yep it's been fun. And watch out for Eminem, his favorite superhero with Spider-Man, very strange I would not have guessed that
 that is wild, I think its funny though that Led Zeppelin didn't name their fourth album just to mess with teh rock press at the time
 ah I'll have to check it out, have you ever bought an album at walmart? I guess they only sell clean versions of albums
 haha ah ya I have to check that, do you know that the worlds fastest rapper can do about 14 syllables per second?
 No actually I do not. What is it?
 well it's Donald Glover, I guess he got the name from an online name generator haha
 So do you like baseball. I am with the japanese who are surprised that it is our national past time.
 Haha you are right. I guess you would have to venture out or order a pizza or something.
 Yum. They have pleasing fish and seafood. I wonder if it's served in an aesthetic manner. I prefer to observe fish rather than eat them though. Seahorses are cool, they are the only fish to have a neck.
 Ha, I think I will stay away from that zebrafish just in case. I'll also steer clear of the black swallower fish which can eat ten times its weight and prey twice its own length.
 Interesting, though saltwater fish also drink through their mouths. 
 OH man, that is forever! lol
 Some words even take on a different meaning when using era appropriate accents compared to modern day ones
 That is a good point, I agree. I also like the phrase," wild 
 Wow. Did Wikileaks reveal that...or just the Governments plan to destroy Wikileaks.
 Yes you should ask Nevada if you can have some of their land, because apparently the US government owns 86% I'm sure they would be happy to sell some to you haha
 Haha they must have. Do you ever watch the Harry Potter movies by the way? Apparently Bellatrix from those movies is actually related to the prime minister of the United Kingdom during World War 1
 Haha well let me ask you this have you ever been to Mount Everest? Apparently they can even get 3g service at the very top which would be used Snapchat haha
 I have seen a few episodes. It was okay but not my favorite. Shocking that it beat Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier for best comedy series.
 That's a good point or maybe it wasn't their strongest year. Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989. That's a lot of shows without a strong year.
 I never knew that he invented the names Miranda, Jessica and Olivia!
 So talented, in more ways than one. It is wild to think that Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time and only died a year apart.
 I just learned that he would teach drama classes at his old high school and one of his students was Erin from the Office.
 did you know the menu button used uin most apps today is called the "Hamburger button?" i guess it does kind of look like a burger!
 Probably spend it on something stupid lol, that kid must be really smart though, he trained a computer to rap, that must require mad skills
 i know. Most kids that age use it for inappropriate viewing. And they thought it would go for $10,000....
 I am not sure. I would be worried if i were an astronaut though. The space shuttle's computer runs on 1 mb of ram. Doesn't seem like a lot!
 Hey there! Read anything interesting lately, I sure did! I read about a 19 year that developed a code for an AI to design portraits! Crazy to think someone so young could do that. 
 The man in the portrait has no noise, people even say it can look like frosty the snowman! Mario Klingemann says it can't believe how much the portrait sold for, he thought it was terribly done even for an AI. And he would know being an AI Artist!
 A French Art collective known as Obvious downloaded the code, and their AI portrait sold for 432,500! The auction house didn't seem to think it would go for so high!
 That's crazy, it's almost scary to think about the future and what it will hold for us as humans. Not everyone feels that way though, some people call themselves "Transhumanists" and they want to upload their minds into computers one day! 
 That's amazing, but let's not forget who the King of the Internet is. Google went down for just five minutes one day, and 40% of web traffic vanished with it!
 Google is nuts! I heard they once a hundred live goats instead of people to mow the lawns of their headquarters! 
 It was probably mentioned somewhere in their novel of terms and service! Did you know only 7% of people read those? I'm surprised it's even that high!
 I love Google so much. A single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon. No wonder it's works so well.
 Yes they have.So many people use Google that it once went down for five minutes and took 40% of web traffic with it.
 Yes and there's 3G cell service there as well. I guess there are people who got to make calls up there.
 No doubt! The three horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called hamburger button.
 Unfortunately not. I am like 93% of people and I do not read the full terms when buying a product or service!
 Ha ha that is funny me too. If you own an Apple computer make sure you don't smoke near it because it voids the warranty by making it a biohazard.
 I guess so. Did you know that your trunk is called trunk because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back?
 Cadillac was named after a french explorer, I never knew that
 I think many American made cars are made in Canada. I had an American car dealer brand that was made in Canada. 
 Neat, In South Africa they make flame thrower parts to put on cars
 Yes, I see that is to prevent car-jacking. I wonder if it actually works. It sounds very James Bond to me. 
 That's a lot of songs. On top of that, a musician has to get 130,745 plays per day in order to make minimum wage. That's a lot, too. 
 Definitely over 130,745. I wonder how long it took them to make that $20,000.
 Must not have taken that long because they were able to fund a free tour with the money
 I wonder how much the tour would have cost otherwise. 
 Maybe it was a fantasy concert
 I know right. Although I do know that Nevada is mostly desert, but still. Did you hear about the Man Who Sold the Eiffel Tower twice? That was risky.
 I have heard of WikiLeaks. Didn't they publish plans that the government was trying to destroy them? That's so insane
 Haha I would definitely ride that. What I wouldn't ride is a highway system in Japan. All of them are private and all have tolls
 Wow I didn't know that. I miss Pluto is a planet by the way! Also apparently Venus rotates clockwise
 I just heard about it. It was supposed to be a true account of a boy who died and went to heaven but years later he admitted it was made up.
 And speaking of breaking in to cars, in South Africa you can put flamethrowers on your car to prevent carjacking.
 Yeah, I guess so! It's surprising to think that if we lived just over a century ago that we probably wouldn't have to worry about carjackings as we would be walking or traveling by horse!
 Crazy that a musician needs to get 130,745 plays per day on Spotify to get minimum wage.
 Yeah it's going to take some time. I know that Disney is coming out with their own version, but there's no way it will be as good. The story behind Netflix is creation is interesting tough. the guy had a $40 late fee and that's what prompted him to make Netflix
 Yeah it was. It lasted until 2003, I'm just shocked it only could display 54 colors, I never noticed that as a kid
 Note that makes sense. Would you ever use chickens for entertainment? Apparently that's what people in the United Kingdom would do around 50 BC
 Yeah it's pretty good. Also a pretty good movie is the movie Frozen. It was so big back a couple years ago, and I think they're coming out the sequel, but anyway it was the first Disney movie to be directed by a woman
 It does have some good songs. You should check it out. You know that the toy industry talks to Disney before the movies are even made? That kind of ruins the Artistic integrity in my opinion
 Yeah, I agree. Did you know in Japan all of the highways are tolls? 
 I have my 1 click buying setting off so I don't make too many spontaneous purchases! They hold the patent on that and Apple pays them licensing fees.
 That's true. Do you read books on the Kindle? Amazon created a new font that is designed to be easily read on kindles and other digital screens.
 And you are not alone. Video games make more money each year than Hollywood films
 You're right, and technology just keeps getting better. I thought Mortal Kombat was so realistic looking when I first played it. Mortal Kombat is the reason for the video games rating system!
 Hahaha true! I wonder if that was banned in Australia, which has more video games banned than China.
 I mean regardless, we play at least 3 billion hours per week as a planet. Not a year, not a month, but per WEEK!
 Yikes! I like taking my kids to Chuck E Cheese sometimes. Atari's creator created it as a way to get kids to play their games.
 I guess so. I'm surprised they put them on there since in order to make minimum wage an artist has to have 130,745 plays per day. 
 I do remember that scandal now that you say it. I'm thinking the parents had a lot to do with that and shame on them. While we are talking about crazy facts, did you know that you can put flame throwers on your car in South Africa to prevent carjacking?!
 I had no idea! A wooden trunk sounds like a ton of splinters waiting to happen. Thank god that changed.
 I agree. I also can't believe that the drive-thru was invented by McDonald's in 1975. That's so recent. I can't imagine fast food places without drive-thrus. 
 Good Morning! Do you have Netflix?
 I din't know Netflix released 126 original series in just one year! Isn't that amazing?
 I guess you are a fan! I'm surprised to learn that Netflix and YouTube together use half of the internet traffic in north america
 That's true. Music is a wonderful form of entertainment. A lot of people listen to music.
 I did not know that. There is a boy who was in a car accident and claimed that he went to heaven.
 I want the autonomous car.  You can actually put flame throwers on your car legally in South-Africa to prevent carjacking.
 I think that's great! Flamethrowers! I need to check that out on Youtube.
 That is a lot of plays. A fun fact is that 20% of all songs on Spotify haven't been played once.  That is 4 million songs.
 That is very true.  That includes me, lol. The main developer of Spotify also was the programmer that made Utorrent. 
 Yes, I love them.  Big can of Fantasy and Sci Fi. Speaking of fantasy, you can actual do a fantasy draft of the National spelling bee.
 I wonder what the prize for winning the draft is.
 I do like drama. Did you watch "House"? Hugh Laurie was paid $700,000 per episode. Is that crazy? 
 Yes, I did a lot of my Christmas shopping. It's great to be able to order and have things delivered, especially if you live far away from your kids and grandkids. They even contracted with the Postal Service to deliver on Sunday.
 Really? Thanks to the smart phones, people are playing games a lot. There should be some controls on kids. I understand in South Korea, kids 16 and under can't play after midnight, by law.
 I do every now and then. I guess I don't have that fold in the brain that makes the difference in perceiving fantasy from reality.
 I live in Ohio, so I daydream of warmer places all the time.  I just learned it's illegal to warm your car here, I guess I'm a criminal.
 It's often funny how something we take for granted came about for an odd reason.  Supposedly the Google self driving car has a aggressive mode.  So we'll still have road rage.
 ya I think so, each government has a type of constitution but ours probably has some issues that need changing like you said
 ya that is a nice thing, weird that almost 90% of nevada is owned by the US gov.
 lol good idea, and he sold it not once but 2 times, how wild!
 ya, it also costs like $300 do drive across the country, so that also sucks haah
 no you can't even use trains there, weird you have to take planes from city to city
 I like toll roads.  I much prefer user fees (like tolls) than taxes because they are applied directly to the service rendered.  Did you know that in Japan, all highways are toll roads.  It cost more than $300 to travel the entire country.
 I agree.  But I do find it humorous that WikiLeaks published the secret government plans to destroy WikiLeaks!  
 Yes, it is a very delicate information that impacted especially for all those who thought alez was different
 That is interesting and when I think of it, its true, and I see so you had one of the first generations of the phone, you know Microsoft held a funeral for IPhones when they launched their own smartphone line.
 LOL I read about that, and no, that seems like a bad idea. No wonder it was banned.
 Seems like a good game to play while drunk, or testing your coordinatin. Of the 2.2 million apps they have available, why use that one??
 Honestly, it would hurt to throw a phone as high as you could, and even to attempt to catch it with your hands. Needs some setup. Avoiding hitting yourself in the face.
 I know! I think that was the most surprising thing for me! Kangaroo on the loose AND Vanilla Ice? Crazy!
 I would have loved to be that Denise lady. How awesome to be just going along with your day and then boom there's a kangaroo just hopping down the street. 
 haha thats great. Did you know a cat lover is known as an ailurophile? 
 Wow. I could not handle that many pets, but I guess he probably didn't actually have to take care of them. In colorado it is not legal to own pets. You can be their guardian though! 
 I understand. I also think it's crazy that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they become domesticated. I need to check my dog's head now. Ha!
 Wow! That's actually the first I've heard of that! Speaking of phones, I do know that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. Can you believe that?
 That is bizarre, isn't it? Ha! But isn't it bizarre how telephones even work? How it converts the human voice into electronic signals that are then transmitted by cables and other channels to another phone? It's fascinating, really?
 true. I was talking with my daughter, and she said she wanted to major in zoology, and for whatever reason, my son thought the study of animals was called "animalogy. He's 17
 A calculator and more, we basically have access to the whole world knowledge if we know how to access it.  You could pass any academic test with a iPhone in your hands.
 No, I didn't know that.  I did know that there are 20 quintillion individual animals on Earth. 
 that is such a crazy huge number so cool to think about though. i was shocked to see in 02 germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals-guaranteed legal rights.
 This is cool.  I learned that when animals are domesticated, they develop white patches on their foreheads.  That's surprising to me. 
 I think I read that.  It was under the Scottish protection animal act of 1912 if I remember correctly. 
 YES  it was. I think its really neat actually. I think its kind of funny that the first animal ever cloned was a cat and that's where the name copy cat came from.
 Really, that is pretty neat.  I read somewhere that there are more tigers living as pets in the US than there are living in the wild in Asia.
 They need more kids or less animals, lol.  Switching topics, where you aware that an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icdm deterrent.  
 I never would have thought that.  I also would not have imagined that 2.7 inches in diameter is the size of the cables carrying phone and internet data across the ocean.
 I think we learned about that in school. Also Animals range in length from 8.5 millionths of a metre to 33.6 metres! Did  you know that?
 The sun produces enough energy in 1 second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years
 My youth has all been a lie!
 Do you think you could do the moonwalk? Apparently it was invented back in 1955
 Well I used to date a ballerina, but I never heard about these ballerina shoes that will make drawings based on their movements, that sounds cool
 Well I've had the guitar for years but like I said I mostly play the piano, I can play a little bit, it's just interesting that Brian May from Queen build a guitar out of an old fireplace LOL
 Yeah he can even play the guitar with a coin, he's very talented, did you know that you can use a dial toneto  tune your guitar?
 Yep he seems very smart, even Andrew Johnson, who never went to school, was able to learn how to read from his wife
 Yep I agree with you. Do you know how to silent read by the way? Apparently that is a recent invention and that a long time ago people would have to read out loud
 Me either. The record holder can read 4,700 words per minute.
 Well at least you won't be setting studio speakers on fire like Eddie Van Halen.
 OK, Thanks.  Since I can't play any of them, I'll stick to reading.  I wish I could speed read like Anne Jones.  She holds the record at 4,700 words a minute. 
 It sounds like his personal home, on 24 acres of land! The house itself is 13000 sq ft with an additional 8000 sq ft devoted to a gym, locker room and a living space. Geez!
 Well, I definitely wouldn't say no to living there, provided I could have a maid. I don't like vacuuming enough to want to do it for over 20000 sq ft!
 You should check, they could be worth a lot of money! I guess some guy found old baseball cards in his grandpa's attic that were worth $3 million dollars in the early 90s!
 Wow, hey, if I found some worth that much I might be able to bid on Ripken's mansion!
 No, I didn't know otters would venture into someone's pond to eat fish.
 Haha nope I agree with you. I also would not go to a bar, like in Japan, where you can hang out with cats and drink beer. I would never hang out with cats. Lol
 Yeah I don't know about that. Doesn't sound too appealing to me haha. Did you know that if a cat is 15 years old then it has slept for about 10 years of its life LOL I wish that my life for that way I love to sleep
 Haha I agree with you! Did you know there's a town in Alaska that has a cat as its mayor? It's been the mayor since 1997, and must be doing a great job lol
 Haha yes like the physicist who published a paper with a cat. He wanted to use the tense first person plural without being criticized haha
 One cat that was extremely lucky was the stray who ended up in the Godfather. I bet he lived the good life after that!
 I use my cell phone daily too! It's crazy that the cables used for phone and internet data are on the ocean floor!
 That's a good question. I would definitely do that because I don't use my phone 24 hours a day LOL it makes sense to help people if you can I think, also, did you know that the iPhone has more computing power than the entire us a missile defense system?
 I didn't, but your comment about fish and sharks has me thinking about animals now.  It's so weird that hiccups come from when land animals had gills AND lungs in early evolution!
 I love dogs! There are too many to choose from though since there are over 20 quintillion individual animals.
 Yep I agree! Also crazy that some animals will get white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated, I wonder if that's why some dogs have the white patches on their face
 That's cool to know!  A little different that the Loch Ness Monster who some don't even believe is real is protected by a 1912 Scottish protection of animals act.
 ya I am too, I don't like cats but its funny there is a cat cafe in asia where you can pay to hang out with cats!
 no I didn't, also whats funny is that a 15 year old cat has spent about 10 years of its life sleeping
 ya I like godfather 1 the best, but that cat thats in the first scene, I guess it was actually just a stray they found on set
 ya I like dogs and reptiles, also fish, I guess there are 20 quintillion animals in total on earth
 That is too funny. The Godfather cat was a stray. What a lucky guy to wander onto that set!
 That is odd. I wonder why. Nice chatting with you today!
 That's interesting, I didn't know he'd still do that. I know Michael Caine actually joined drama class only because the prettiest girls were in it.
 I would start with a goldfish because they tend to be easy. The oldest one was 43 years old before it died
 Perhaps you should have gotten a jellyfish instead! There is a brand that is immortal I believe.
 Wow! If you're not careful, they can evaporate in the sun since they are 98% water
 That's crazy the percentage is so high, especially considering they only drink water through their skin through osmosis.
 Except that male seahorses are the ones who get pregnant. There is a species of fish that spends its adult life on land
 We also can't breathe and swallow at the same time like other mammals can!
 We also can be scared by a certain sound frequency, seems we're inadequate in many areas. Anyways, it was nice chatting to you, have a good night!
 I bet Blockbuster regrets that choice kind of like how Myspace rejected buying Facebook. Wait does blockbuster even still exist to regret that choice?
 hey there! Let's chat about Netflix. Did you know it accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North American between 9PM to noon?
 WOW! I just learned that Netflix employs a team of "taggers" who are paid to watch netflix and tag the content.
 Very interesting! Combined with youtube it makes up half of peak internet traffic in North America
 WOW, kids now a days love the internet. Netflix has a movie that is nothing but an hour long video of a fireplace - fireplace for your home Adults too, I guess
 Funny thing about the fireplace video! Hey, did you know Blockbuster turned down several offers to buy Netflix?
 I actually did! Netflix has almost 150 movies available with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 Wow! And they passed on the sale at $50 million. Now Netflix is worth $2 billion!
 In some european markets, netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which shows to purchase. I would be so mad if I held the copyright...
 Another odd fact about Netflix; they spend more on POSTAGE than bandwidth! 
 Very interesting! You are full of facts! Reed Hastings started Netflix after racking up $40 in late fees on a vhs copy of Apollo 13.
 Sort of a bizarre fact just came to mind. Unrelated to Netflix. Apple voids the warranty on their computers if you smoke near them. They consider it a biohazard!
 Or how about this...transhumanists want to upload their brains to computers.
 Ha! Russians built a computer in 1936 that ran on water! That is SHOCKING!
 Smooth! Somebody built a working 16 bit computer using minecraft building blocks. I'd like to have seen it.
 Good one! If we viewed earth's history as a 24 hr block, human's existence would be equal to one minute.
 And by the end of the 21st century earth will be nearly helium free.
 The UN set up an ambassador for extraterrestrials in case they want to contact us!
 And takes 365.26 days to revolve around it.
 All the while it has rotated on its axis 366.26 times!
 Ok so I googles the info and some koi fish can be sold for 10 thousand dollars, apparantly people in the park didnt always knew the value the fish had. 
 I think they might feel it as well, humans are amazing though, we can regrow ribs in just 2 to 3 months and they will be as strong as the origianal ones.
 It definetely does to think that was 240000 years ago.
 So I guess one of these people went too far and starting committing crimes.  Stealing a dead man's identity!
 I never knew that Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody as McCartney recorded Hey Jude with. ..I wonder how that came about?
 I had heard that.  That is pretty amazing.  Maybe it was in the same recording studio.  
 I agree.  I think Britian must like pianos because in 2006 some climbers found a piano at the top of Britian's highest mountain.  That must have taken some real effort.
 Yeah, I can't say I was a huge fan of their music.  I remember my friend went to see Linkin Park in concert.  They were so popular in 2001, they held 324 in one year!  Can you imagine?
 I love movies too. I didn't know that about James Wong. Very cool he pioneered that.
 I didn't know that. Very sad story. Doger Deakins has been nominated for 13 times for best cinematography and has never won.
 That is so hard, to be recognized but not fully. No woman has even been nominated for Best Cinematography.
 That's interesting....I'm surprised about that. 
 A fun fact is in the movie Spartacus there was a cinematographer but the director Stanley Kubrick took the camera away and did it himself. The cinematographer who did almost none of the work got the award for best cinematography not Kubrick. It seems there are quite a few stories of unfairness in this category.
 I do. I have never seen the show House but I think I should. Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for TV drama at 700,000 dollars an episode.
 That's a lot of money! Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system?
 That's very nice. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.
 I would have loved to seen that with Jack Black. He's a very funny guy.
 Bill Murray is my favorite. Not sure I agree with him on Kung Fu Hustle though. Have you ever seen it?
 I have. I thought it was good but it is not my favorite. Entertainment is very subjective. Like 3rd rock from the Sun beat Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier for best comedy series in 1997.
 I'm very surprised that happened. I loved Friends.
 Maybe it was an off year for those other shows and they were towards their end and getting cancelled. Did you know that Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989.
 I'm doing pretty good, I just woke up a little bit ago and did some reading. I'm trying to learn to speed read. I want to beat Anne Jones record of 4,700 words per minute, but I don't think I'm going to get there.
 That's wild.  I was shocked to learn that silent reading is a recent pehenomenon and only the most skilled readers of the middle ages could read silently.
 That's kind of weird, could you imagine going to the library with people all reading loudly. I would go insane!
 I have not heard of that, but I think that's a great idea. It brings a new meaning to active learning!
 I agree, that is amazing. Did you know that CS Lewis and Tolkien held "You Laugh You Lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry?
 I haven't in awhile, but I am going to one next weekend though. I wish I could have seen the Ramones. They played a total of 2,263 concerts. That's touring almost non-stop for over 20 years!
 That's pretty wild, I wonder why they turned that much down?
 I didn't know that. That seems really interesting. I have heard that there was a grand piano built for the lounge of Hindenburg, it only weighed 356 lbs!
 There is only one way to find out ;) when we're going ?
 Why Aluminum ?
 I wonder if they transported that piano there in whole one piece or in smaller pieces and then assembled it ?
 What do You mean it was there ?
 Linkin Park? Are they a band?
 yes, quite famous ! because their first album was so popular they played 324 concerts in 2001 alone :)
 Oh, I agree, I can never have enough! Hard to believe Persian soldiers wore high heels in the 9th century!
 I know its a lot! They must be really hard on them. Bill Nye holds a patent for pointe shoes! Who knew?
 Really, I love that idea!! It must be nice to have a shoe stand in to make sure your shoes are comfortable like Queen Elizabeth.
 Hmmm, I would guess a polo maybe? I don't really know though. 
 No, I have no idea. Why is it illegal?
 Yes, interesting. Respect for the fatigues! Wooden trunks carried on the back of cars is why we call it trunk. 
 HA, I don't wanna ever sit in one of those cars. I prefer to drive myself. Although, I wouldn't mind a car with a flamethrower. Its legal in South-Africa because they have so many car jackings.  Gotta love fun facts, take care.
 I can see that... The US has lots of space to transverse,  It's funny that trunks are called that because back in the day, people literally but trunks there.
 back in days polo shirts are invented for tennis ..  some things have weird history
 In china they once wore as many shirts to pop the collars ... was fashion that time should have been very stuffy 
 I feel for ballet dancers... They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes a week.  Poor feet...
 it may cost of fortune . Sometime old shoes perform better than modern ones
 Ii heard that a pair of 5,000-year-old shoes actually performed better than modern shoes.
 Hah.  Yea.  Well I've got to go have my car fitted with a flame-thrower like they do in S, Africa to prevent carjacking.  Give a whole new dimension to road rage.  
 too much for security.
 I think that that is a good idea! Native Americans also introduced the British to the front crawl.
 I have not but the only stroke that they could do would be dolphin kicks!
 There is also a banned swimsuit that 94% of all swimming race winners wore it!
 Or they might feature some high tech technology. America has as many gold medal swimmers as the rest of the world combined.
 Wow, I did not know that! Humans may have also only lost their body hair 240 000 years ago.
 Really? I thought it would be another one like the cheetah's.
 True, there is also a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 According to well known criminologists, there are and about 55 million schoolchildren in the United States, about 10 of them are killed annually by gunfire at school
 that from 55 million kids 10 are killed annually, I thought this number was much higher.
 We will get over this, humans are strong, did you know we can regrow our ribs as strong as the original ones in just 2 months.
 I have watched that! I think I saw it at the olympics, I just came to know there is a swimsuit that is banned from the competition.
 Yeah, that was really nice of them to offer considering that basketball players are the highest paid athletes (hence Jordan could have paid the fines himself).
 She knows how to sell music think. She had an accidental 8 minutes of white noise that topped Canadian itunes.
 what does it mean 8 minutes of white noise ? what kind of accident is that ?
 No idea. She has her own way of doing things I guess. She will walk backwards to avoid having her photo taken.
 Really ? Did You actually see her doing it ? ;)
 No. Speaking of overexposed pop stars, Justin Bieber has a video that's the most disliked on Youtube.
 I wonder how they do that ? Do they have to turn off Youtube for everybody to make a software update ? ;)
 You mean they new Youtube platform that's competetive to netflix with tv shows and stuff or in general Youtube use ?
 ? what ? what are those ?
 Blutube is a police video sharing site where they share law enforcement videos. Perhaps tips on the best donut shops?
 I heard about that before, but I don't get it... wouldn't 111 be the fastest way ?
 That sounds really unreasonable... should someone look into that ? ;) Sounds disturbing...
 If it ain't broke don't fix it I guess. The cable carrying most of our phone and internet data across the Atlantic is only 2.7 inches wide. That's some serious technology.
 I do from time to time. I know three former Paypal employees created the service.
 I heard! In 2007 Youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000.
 ha-no surprise there, right? Do you know Youtube began as a dating site?
 whoa!  I didn't know that.  I probably wouldn't have used it then.  lol
 Same. Youtube has 70 full episodes of the joy of painting.
 Hard to believe Youtube was created in 2005.
 Oh wow! That's a lot of power.I know the inventor of the dial telephone was an undertaker who was convinced telephone operators were rerouting his calls to rival businesses.
 Yes it is. That is fun to know.
 What kind of android do you have? The battery life is way better than the iphone.
 Crazy to think how far we have come in just the 13 years youtube has been a thing. 
 I have not, although it does sound a bit inappropriate. What is it about?
 Ah, I also listen to her as well. Taylor Swift walks backwards to avoid having her photo taken.
 Interupting anyone is rude. Her third album made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number one song on the hot country songs chart
 That is youtube, the second largest search engine, for you. Police have their own version of youtube called blutube.
 Me too! I didn't realize it's the second largest search engine!
 I would agree! YouTube started in 2005, 14 years ago already!
 Wow! Google bought Youtube for 1.65 billion!
 They had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits after that video!
 I didn't know that. Or, that Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic.
 A little bit. She removed her music from spotify. 
 That's true! She owns a $40 million jet!
 That was obnoxious and apparently he did an snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows... 2 years before the infamous taylor swift incident.
 Sure is! She once accidentally released 8 seconds of white noise and topped the canadian itunes charts!
 I accidentally came across it once and was left scratching my  head as to what it was exactly.
 Yes I Love Led Zeppelin. I can't believe they formed back in 1968, that was so long ago
 That's awesome I never knew that! I love the song When the Levee Breaks too, did you know that in the movie Argo they digitally altered the needle drop of the record player so that it would hit the correct spot on that record
 Yes I agree. They did go to a lot of concerts though, they played 324 in a year, which is definitely almost one per day
 That's funny but also said haha I would be embarrassed if I were them LOL. I wish I could have gone to the Pink Floyd concert that they recorded at a Roman Amphitheatre
 Yes I watch them from time to time. I have seen the show House on TV with Hugh Laurie, I can't believe how much he makes per episode it's insane!
 That is a good song!  Did you know that Jack Black got the rights to use it in "School of Rock" by shooting a video with fans begging them to let him do it.
 I wonder how many concerts he played in 2018?  After their debut album gained popularity, Linkin Park had one year with 324 concerts!
 I don't think he played that many, but definitely a lot! He played two shows up by where I live, but I traveled to see him in another state. Can you imagine playing as many shows as the Ramones, though?
 That is crazy to think they toured for like 20 years almost constantly.
 That's a good thing because it justified the $700K per episode he made!
 I don't know that anything justifies making that much money! Except maybe The Office lol. I had no idea that Jon Hamm was Ellie Kemper's high school drama teacher. He must've been really good.
 What a small world.  They are both from Missouri and now they are both stars!
 No I didn't! That is interesting but I think he chose the right career haha. Do you like Busta Rhymes by the way? He did a voice in The Rugrats Movie I guess
 Yes I haven't seen that movie In Forever. Do you know what a compliment battle is? Two rappers just give compliments to each other, apparently it's really big in Korea
 No I didn't know that. I did know that YouTube and Netflix together make up about half of all internet traffic though. That's very impressive I think. I wonder if something else comes along, will we lose all of our internet bandwidth LOL
 I didn't know that! I need to do that after the last weekend haha I feel so fat. I didn't know to that Stephen King considers Bambi to be a horror movie haha I wonder if he burned the 200 calories watching it as a kid
 Is there such a thing as Christian rap? I've never heard of it, I'll have to check it out, have you ever heard of a compliment Battle Before? It's like a diss battle but with compliments haha they do it in Korea
 I agree. I watch Netflix from time to time, I like to watch the show stranger things, did you know that Netflix and YouTube makeup half of all internet traffic? I can believe it, those are the two main things I watch
 Wow. That is pretty incredible.It is available almost everywhere, except for China, Syria, North Korea and Crimea.
 Yep you're right. Do you still get the Netflix DVDs in the mail? Apparently the postage for that cost 20 times more than the same bandwidth to deliver that movie. That's pretty crazy, I don't know who gets those DVDs anymore
 Oh wow. That's pretty interesting, also interesting is that Blockbuster could have bought Netflix back in the day, only 50 million dollars and now they're worth 2 billion, oops!
 I bet they regret that decision now. Netflix has a log of different movie genres. Some people really like Horror films, like some of Stephen King's.
 Yes some people do like horror movies. I'm not one of those people though haha. What about you? I do know that a horrible we can burn up to 180 calories when you watch it though
 Hi! Are you a fan of horror films? I like to watch horror as part of a work out routine as you can burn over 180 calories watching horror movies, surprisingly enough!
 I do like them!  I'm going to have to start watching more of them though if I can lose some weight while doing it.
 Was it really? I could not see it that being scary! Something else I find crazy is the boy from The Shining named Danny didn't actually know he was acting in a horror film until years later. It's like, how did he never figure that out?
 There's no shame in that! Can you believe that Netflix actually spends like 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth? That is crazy!
 I'm surprised that there's that many people still renting dvds through the mail?  lol
 No kidding! I also think it's crazy both YouTube and Netflix make up half the peak internet traffic in north America. That's a lot of traffic for two services. Ha!
 I have never seen them either.  Apparently they are very popular though b/c in 2005 they won in every category of a british radio stations contest to create a  "ideal supergroup"
 Ha ha sometimes there isn't a great sstory.  Did you know that Jack Black shot a video of himself in front of 1000 screaming fans begging the Led Zeppelin to let him use their son
 probably through social media?  Have you seen Monty Python and The Holy Grail?  It was funded apparently in part by British rock starts including Led Zeppelin
 Yeah it is funny. Ben Affleck was apparently another actor who got the rights to use a Led Zeppelin song in one of their movies.  He used "When the Levee Breaks"
 So we were talking about never being at one of their concerts earlier.  I read that in 2002 a Creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against them. 
 Who knows?  I saw that in 1972, Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompeii..with no audience
 Yeah good question.  I read that in Croatia, there is an ancient Roman Amphitheater still in use today for concerts
 lol exactly.  I saw something interesting.  The Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts.  They toured almost non-stop for over 20 years
 I know that sounds crazy.  Do you like dramas?  I read that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because of his belief system.  It prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.
 yes, probably so.  I saw that Michael Caine became an actor because all the pretty girls at his school were in drama class.
 Yes, I know what you are talking about but for some reason they haven't generated on
 I have no idea what else to say.  Do you like radio drama?  I think that might have been fun to listen to back in the day
 I can't imagine how everyone got so caught up in it
 Yes it would seem
 I will try that.
 Oh yea I bet drug use was pretty bad with them. I saw their song Black Dog is named after a black labrador that was wondering around the recording studio.
 It's a very good song. Did you know Monty Python and the Holy Grail was funded in part by British rock stars? 
 Haha I guess. Not really sure how that works. 
 That's crazy. Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system? 
 Really?  That's odd. What is his belief system?
 I have no idea what his belief system is. 
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Funny though!
 LOL! Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper.
 Oh that's cool it's about baseball. 
 Yea it's pretty ironic that February was warm but March is gonna be cold in DC
 Yep I agree with you. We need more sun! Did you know that our sun is actually white and not yellow?
 Yep you're right. I also heard that a lightning bolt is five times hotter than the surface of the Sun, that seems insane because the sun should be incredibly hot
 That makes sense then. What is crazy is that the diameter of the Sun is about 100 times that of Earth, that's so massive that it's hard to comprehend
 Yea what's even crazier is the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the largest discovered star in our own galaxy!
 That is crazy! I wish that we could harness some of the sun's energy, one second of energy would actually power our whole planet for  500,000 years
 Yep that would solve a lot of problems. What do you think about neptune? apparently it takes almost 100 years to make a complete orbit around the sun
 Yes that wonder that too, I also wonder why he named a building after the first person to buy a product on Amazon, that was a weird thing to
 Yea and the customer only spent 27.95 on amazon too
 Yep not even a lot of money, what do you think about Amazon delivering on Sundays by the way? I'm glad they have that special contract with USPS
 No I wouldn't like that, but it would make me lose weight LOL. What do you think about IMDb being owned by Amazon, I never knew that before
 Apparently, Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL, I wonder if the defensive plays factor in that fact and are adjusted.
 Probably, maybe its like baseball and pitchers and batters play R/L-handedness.  Speaking of Brady, I didn't know he played at U of Michigan. 
 Probably... He was a 6th round draft pick in 2000.  I do like Boston but I'm not sure I've ever been to Foxborough where the Pat's play.
 Haha, I agree, I really enjoy going to college football games. Although I never knew that the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so other teams could not read his hand signals.
 Didn't know that either... I thought it was because they couldn't hear.  QB's have to scream to be heard in most stadiums.  Some QBs are smart like Alex Smith who got a bachelors in 2 years.
 That's surprising, it seems like the focus on athletes isn't about school but rather heavy emphasis on sports so to see him go on to get his master's degree, is very surprising to me.
 I definitely think that his leadership and tenacity and the so called "Patriot Way" can really shape people and lead them to their championships but his wife makes more than double Brady's salary! I thought she was retired!
 It's times like these that I feel for the Browns who haven't won a playoff since 1995. Wow. 
 It's been that long?! I had no idea! Wasn't their coach Belichick back then?
 Yep.  Stage fright?  Don't know... Brady didn't throw 30 TD passes in a season until 2007. The he went to 50.  Go figure...
 Ooh, that's actually a very good reason and with great stats to back it up! Not only that, you're going against the best of the best, so it could be immensely intimidating.
 Haha, he is an inspiration but also intimidating when I reflect on my countable accomplishments
 Hello, I'm doing great and staying warm in this arctic freeze. How are you? I could use some sun right now, did you know that the sun is considered a star in the solar system?
 Yes, I saw that on the news this morning, oh my goodness, there's actually a negative in front of that! With these drastic temperature changes, one day, the sunset might become blue, just like on mars.
 I also read on Apple news that it's so hot in Australia right now that snakes are cooling off in toilets!
 Bezos actually built a clock into a mountain. Weird...
 It has caused me to buy too much. They also own IMDB
 I see, I might actually try the price match feature offered by Best Buy or Target one day, I had no idea they would price match with Amazon
 I have, hah. I have bought sheets. They were okay but kind of hot as I remember? I'd love to work at the warehouse packaging items. I'd be in better shape. Their workers walk between seven and fifteen miles a day.
 Right, it would be. I am just too lazy to apply though haha. Vicious cycle. I kind of wish I was Amazon's first customer.
 The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.
 That is cool for those who like to shop in person! I didn't know that.
 Quite interesting! And the on the other hand, we have speed readers who can read at 4700 words per minute. I wonder how they verify that.
 It's sunny where I am too. I think yesterday the high was 75, and it's December! We had a Christmas party and it was actually too hot in the sun.
 I don't know.  He can be weird.
 It's interesting that the first Amazon customer got a building named after him. 
 Hello,  did you know that the sun is actually white?
 lol I do not know.  I hear the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy!  That is crazy!  
 I know right,  solar panels arent enough!  
 I wonder what the significance is of putting it into a mountain lol I like that amazon has a contract with the post office to deliver on sundays.
 Yeah,  it doesnt seem like you can actually understand or process what the reading material is about.
 I did not!
 I think I watched one year. Im amazed that people can get into it and that folks reallly think it can find you true love. I would not want to compete on national tv for someones love. And then the fighting they do on there.
 Yes.  I guess the New England Patriots need to have a replacement ready for Tom Brady.
 I have faith in the New England Patriots.  They are the only team to appear in the Super Bowl ten times!
 Yeah, he is amazing.  It is unbelievable that he threw 50 touchdown passes one year after never throwing more than 30 in any year prior.
 Yeah.  It is interesting he never ate a strawberry in his life.
 Yeah, the lannisters of the NFL!
 That is a crazy amount, those warehouses must be pretty big, a lot bigger than when the first items were sold for sure.  The first thing sold was 27.95 and the customer got a building named after him.
 Did you know amazon holds a patent on one click buying. That just doesnt seem like something that could be patented to me.
 do you ever use amazon.com? it is the largest internet retailer in the world!
 Yes, I agree on that!  I didn't know Best Buy and Target will price match?
 HI, did you know the sun is the center of the universe?
 You're right! I read that wrong! 
 I am always surprised how large it is, 109 times the diameter of the earth.  That is huge!
 Wow.  That doesn't surprise me.  I can't  believe is was only founded about 25 years ago, back in 1994.  It has grown so quiclkly in such a short time.
 Wow, something I have never even heard of.  I am amazed that Amazon was able to make a deal with USPS to deliver on Sundays, the only company I know of that has that service.
 Me too. Ticks off the mail carriers though! Especially in my little town. 
 It is! Amazon warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift.
 Wow, who needs a gym when you have a job like that.  I just  recently found out Amazon owns IMDB, I had no idea.
 I always thought speed reading was fascinating.  Did you know the speed reading record is 4,700 words per minute!
 That is so crazy and kind of neat.  I suppose there is some military information in the book that they can connect with.  Ender's Game is also on the military's suggested reading for many branches.  
 Hello, I had heard about that in high school.
 It is also white. which is so odd considering we always perceive it as yellow
 I had no idea it was actually white. I guess that's due to the atmosphere.
 and a lightning bolt is hotter than the sun. I had no idea
 That's crazy. I would have never guessed that!
 me either. I guess anyone who has been struck by lightning and lived really is lucky. the sun produces enough energy to meet the needs of the planet for 500000 years. why arent we using that power?
 Wow....good point. Helium is the only element to have been discovered on the sun before it was discovered on Earth.
 Not too sure on that. Did you know the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our solar system?
 I had heard that.its also only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy. that star must be huge
 It's a very big star. The sun does not rotate as a solid body - the equator rotates faster than the poles.
 the diameter of the sun is 109 times that of earth. crazy! we are so small
 Wow - that's amazing. I saw the sunset on Mars is actually blue.
 I love Amazon too. That's a lot of working!
 the first amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after them. I bet he had no idea what that one little order would lead to
 That's interesting. Amazon holds a patent on 1-click buying and Apple pays them a licensing fee.
 The Amazon warehouse workers work very hard and walk between 7 and 15 miles per day.
 Yes it definitely would. And 2015 Amazon became the most viable retailer in the United States in terms of market capitalization.
 Exactly right! Amazon is the third most valuable public company in the United States behind Apple and Microsoft.
 I wonder where the clock is I would love to see it! Amazon even owns IMDB and they have since 1998.
 Yeah I didn't know was a book either. Apparently three of the five US military branches recommend it be read.
 Yes it is LOL! I have not read enders game either. I could read more books if I could just read as fast as Anne Jones who reads 4700 words per minute!
 Not really. Wish I had their stock. I cant believe that MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million. They must be kicking themselves now!
 Burger Kings promotion must have caught on with some hungry folks. Unfriend 10 people and you get a free whopper? Ill make friends just to unfriend them. 
 I am not going to even attempt that. nice chat
 No, it's always looked yellowish orange, to me.  But, I guess that's where the atomspheric scattering comes into play and makes it appear white. 
 I've been shopping with them since the beginning, when they just sold books until now and I have never gotten a package delivered on a Sunday.  People keep telling they get their packages on Sunday, though.  Maybe, it's just not available in my area?
 Hey there! Are you an Amazon user?  Can you believe it's been existence since 1994.
 Wow, that make me feel so small. A billionth of the biggest star huh? Still pretty darn strong considering it can produce enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years!
 Not nearly as hot as it's supposed to be in DC!  Upper 90s I hear.
 Ha!  I guess it can also be a kind of light leather?  I googled it real quick and yes, it is a goat, but also a kind of leather.  Although I wouldn't mind a cooling goat...  a goat walking around with a portable ac on it's back tending to my every whim.
 Oh, yes, chamois! But I thought those were mostly used for cleaning the car! The goat would be an awesome idea. Points for style, too. It's crazy how powerful the sun is. But it's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy. I can't even wrap my mind around that!
 Haha. And in one second it makes enough energy that is needed to meet the needs of the planet for 500,000 years. It's good that some have started harnessing solar power for their energy needs.
 I mean it produce enough energy in 1 sec to meet the needs of earth for 500K years!
 They must be really massive for sure, a curious fact is that lightning bolts are actually 5 times hotter than the surface of the s un
 that is crazy, what is more crazy is a lightning bolt is 5x hotter than the sun
 i agree ha, good talking with you, happy holidays
 thanks
 I heard Burger King once held a promo where you'd get a free whopper if you unfriended ten people!
 lol... ): I'm from NY ;)
 haha ;) Did You know that Imdb has been owned by amazon.com since 1998 ?
 I did not! That's great! The sun is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering
 We sent Icarus but he failed... A lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun, about 5x hotter.
 ...so where all those stories come from about people struck by lightning ? ;)
 yeah. Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches
 First of all, I didn't know there is a book like that... I loved the movie tho....
 Me neither! The movie was good. Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 Oh, You write ? what about ?
 Nice chatting with you.
 I worked at Office Max warehouse and I believe it. The worst part is the summers when there's no air and you're just sweating! Amazon ceo jeff bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years.
 I know. They are now looking at empty Sears stores for their Whole Foods stores...
 Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 I agree with that.  The humidity is what makes it hard,  it feel just thick,  where as heat is just crazy hot.  Do you know much about the sun?  The sunset on Mars is actually blue!!!  Amazing! 
 I know right!  why wouldn't our school teachers correct us when we were drawing yellow suns.  
 I think its only of the solar system, but it is crazy! it has 330000 times the mass of earth.
 I  didn't know it meant something either, I bet Jeff Bezos didn't think it would become so big the first time he sold something via amazon.com.
 I'm sure it has grown beyond his dreams.  I wish I could think of something like that lol  I didn't know best buy and target will price match.  
 I know, me too, I would have so much money now, it is a great business.
 That is crazy! I wish I did that, but not at the Amazon Warehouse haha I'm sure that's a really tough job!
 Yes, I knew they no longer played in the Boston area. It seems like almost a given that the Patriots will be in the Super Bowl or the playoffs ever year.
 I don't remember him playing with Michigan actually. 
 I know right?  Our life force could be dwarfed to the tune of a billionth in scale - it's almost incomprehensible 
 Isn't that the truth!  Belichick has 21 postseason wins which puts him as the winning coach all-time in the postseason!
 LOL.  He seems to be living the life though since he has a super model wife, who makes double what he does! 
 I imagine you accumulate some money when you've been an NFL starting quarterback for 16 years.  Still amazing that he was as sixth round draft pick.
 Certainly not playing in 6, likely soon to be 7 super bowls.  Most people dont even attend that many as a fan.
 It's actually white too! I would have never guessed it!
 Yeah. But a lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun. That seems odd.
 Wow that is pretty crazy.  Did you know that on mars the sunset is blue?  I wonder why that is
 I had no idea. I bet it looks pretty. Neptune sure takes its time going around the sun!
 It completed its first full orbit in 2011 since it was in 1846!
 Yes! Made of about 73% hydrogen and about 25% helium and heavier elements in smaller quantities.
 They are. Did you know that the sun is actually not yellow!
 I know! Our sun is only 1 billionth of the size of the biggest star in the galaxy.
 I do use Amazon. It is super easy.I can not believe it has been around since 7-5-94.
 I'll have to look into it. I like that the US mail has a contract with Amazon that has them delivering on Sundays.
 Oh, that makes sense. I wish I would have been the first person to make a purchase on Amazon. That person got a building named after them after spending just $27.95.
 Yes, thanks for chatting!
 Yeah, the patriots really wanted to go to the Super Bowl again.
 Do you ever watch Game of thrones?
 The author of GOT called the New england patriots the Lannisters of the NFL!
 Wow, he has been with the Patriots a long time then! Did you know Tom Brady has been in the super bowl 8 times?
 I think 3 for sure. Belchick lists Tom Brady on the injured list every week~
 Must be. Brady has never eaten a strawberry in his life. i wonder if he is allergic?
 Did you know there is only 1 left handed football player in the league?
 ya I think so, it's a pretty genius invention, I'd imagine that Louis Braille went to school, unlike President Andrew Johnson who apparently never went to school in his life
 And yet somehow he ended up president. School might not be all it's cracked up to be. Do you use Amazon? The USPS has a contract to deliver for Amazon on Sundays. I didn't think postal workers would work on Sundays.
 ya I guess it's better than nothing! I never knew that the arrow that is in amazon's logo is meant to repressent that they have everything from A to Z, I guess that makes sense for their name to have both an A and Z in it
 ya that is kind of a side perk actually, I think it's dumb that Amazon has a patent on a 1 click buying button, that seems so obvious
 Hi there. It must be so hot. It is only perceived as yelling because of atmospheric scattering.
 That is amazing. Yes to be exact it has a diameter of about 1.39 million km.
 It's insane that the sun accounts of over 99% of the Solar System's mass
 What is the hottest part of the sun then? Surprisingly the sun is only one billionth the size of the biggest star  discovered in our galaxy.
 That is pretty crazy, so is the Sun being able to produce enough energy to power earth for 500,000 years in one second
 That is insane, so is building a clock into a mountain like Jeff Bezos did
 Yeah sounds like he drove his wife crazy but I was sad to hear about the divorce. Amazon warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day.
 THat's a ton of walking, I don't think I walk that much in a week let alone one shift
 Yes sounds like hardwork. Did you know that Amazon owns IMDB since 1998?
 You just have to go in knowing that. I mean the fact that a 22 year old is trying to get a 36 year old is kind of crazy! 
 I agree completely but I watch it for the drama honestly! For example, there is one girl who assumes everyone is jealous but really Arie doesnt like her. 
 very different than the reality tv drama haha 
 Oh yeah, for sure. I just now learned that soap operas were called that because the shows were sponsored by soap manufacturers. That's funny.
 That's soo interesting! I actually was interested to learn that drama came from so long ago-- ancient Greece!
 I agree, but I did not know that it got its name from face book directories
 would you of done it?
 I agree.  Did you know that the IMDB website is owne by Amazon?  I didn't know that.
 He is also the first and only quarterback to ever reach 200 regular season game wins.  Amazing.
 Chris Long from the legals told a reporter that "It was bad for all of our health collectively" But when Brady Doesnt have the ball he cant hurt you
 I knew the Cleveland Browns were not very good, but their last playoff win was in 1995 against the Patriots.
 I didn't realize that Bill Belichick is the winningest coast in NFL post season football.  He has 21 wins - 20 with the Patriots and 1 with the Browns.
 You know I can he has been around forever and the Pats are a force in the NFL. I wonder how much he is worth today.
 So much money I am sure!  Brady too, although I see his wife makes more than double of Brady's salary!
 I have heard that but I have also heard Tom brady has never eaten a strawberry in his entire life and im not sure that is even possible.
 Totally agree with that.  How could one not eat a strawberry?  He had never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season prior to 2007, but then that year, he threw a then-record of 50!
 Yeah all of Bradys stats are impressive. I have heard that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL .
 That's interesting.  Impressive that Alex Smith received a bachelor's degree in 2 years since he had taken so many AP tests in high school.
 Yeah but then there are guys like Baker mayfield who claim to be able to beat anyone at their school in Halo 3.
 I know that is what I was talking about!
 Interesting that the author of the game of thrones called the New England Patriots the Lannistors of the NFL.
 Yes, somewhat. I wonder how many people unfriended 10 people to get a free whopper?
 Too bad in Germany its illegal to use the like button!
 How about that computer the Russians made that runs on water in 1936?
 lol, I don't either. We need some privacy, my goodness!!
 I could use some sun today!  It is so cold.  Did yo know that the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire Earth for a half a million years!
 Although, the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star ever discovered in our galaxy.  I wonder if we could ever utilize energy from that other star?
 Probably not likely in that it is light-years away.  Did you know that Amazon.com planning to deploy solar systems at 50 of its facilities globally by 2020?
 I am not sure of that, its probably hard on the joints walking the concrete floors all day.  But, they are getting more robotics.
 You can even get a package delivered from Amazon on Sundays. Have you ever?
 To think that if we were in the 18th century there would be moral panic about us reading or listening to books!
 Undoubtable in the victorian age.  What I recently learned that a cult favorite movie "Starship Troopers" as first a book.
 If you are into sci-fi, Starship Troopers is recommended by 3 of the 5 us military branches.
 I did not know that.  What I find interesting is that another British actor, Hugh Laurie is the highest paid TV drama actor at $ 700 thousand per episode for House.  That's unreal!!
 I didn't realize that Amazon owns IMDb.  It is so helpful, it is disappointing to know that it is now privately owned.  It makes me a bit concerned that what can be a really useful tool will be used to try to sell something instead.
 It's kind of sad because radio has been around for so long. In the 1930's, one of the most popular acts was actually a ventriloquist, which is hilarious (in my opinion) because how do people even appreciate the ventriloquism if they can't see the puppet?
 I am a fan of literature, did you know that the fds burned about six tons of censored literature!
 I hear that.  I'm into history, so I find it very interesting to read.I read somewhere that Thomas Jefferson used a razor to cut out the parts he found "supernatural".
 Alot gets lost and twisted in translation.  Take the word apple.  It onlt became known as an apple when the bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century.
 It makes you stop and wonder what Eve really bit into or if i's just a metaphor for something.  But that's up to your own interpretation, I guess.  
 Wow, that is super impressive, he is one of my favorite actors as well.  It was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day!
 Yes they must LOL. Prior to 1963 it was not uncommon for students in the USA to be required to read from the Bible.
 Yes that is true I agree with you on that. Apple only became known as an Apple when the Bible was translated into Latin in the fourth century. Quite interesting I didn't know that.
 It definitely is he got that right. The biblical tower of babel was likely named after an actual building so some of it is based off real life situations.
 Yeah they must've not sure what they use though. They have also made a lot of movies based on religious fact. Tom Hanks is actually the highest all time box office star.
 Yeah definitely my favorite film of his was Forrest Gump. There have also been some box office flops like the movie Trojan wars. I have never even heard of it.
 That seems unfair. I think it's funny that the silence of the lambs came out on Valentine's Day. Not exactly the traditional love story.
 Yeah that is true. It definitely wasn't a flop like Disney's treasure planet which was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time.
 Yeah maybe that would have got them a bit more money. Disney actually considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was the box office failure.
 I read sometimes. I was shocked to learn though that there used to be a literature, music, and painting game in the Olympics, those only stopped in 1952, they seemed so subjective I wonder how they were judged
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that kissing romantically is a invention, it definitely did not exist back in Greek literature apparently
 I listen to the radio sometimes. But I mostly listen to YouTube when I'm driving, what about you? Apparently you can make a radio out of a pencil and a razorblade by the way
 Yes I just wonder how they were made. I also wonder how we can pick up radio storms from Jupiter on the AM radio LOL that seems crazy to me
 Hi! Are you familiar with the bible? It's crazy over 5 billion copies have been sold. I suppose that's why it's considered the best selling and most influential book of all time.
 Yes, I am. I believe it. I am surprised that Thomas Jefferson created his own version.
 Oh my, I don't know. There were only two presidents that did not use the bible at their swearing in ceremonies.
 Isn't that crazy? I also can't believe it was common for students to be required to read the Bible in school for their elementary education up until 1963!
 Yes, a better idea. How about that Trojan Wars That was a real winner. lol
 True, I was surprised Disney's Sleeping Beauty was a failure and considered shutting down their animation studio!
 That's what I meant so funny!  I'm not surprised. ha, ha, ha ,Hugh Laurie is making a huge amount an episode at $700,000.
 Wow! That must be nice! He isn't struggling for money, is he? Ha! We talked about Michael Caine's high school, but John Hamm actually taught drama at his high school. Weirdly enough, Ellie Kemper from The Office was one of his students. It's a small world, isn't it?
 Yes, it is. They all know each other. The office always made me laugh!
 Well deserved. Eminem wanted to become a comic book artist instead of a rapper!
 That is kind of funny I wonder if it is on youtube? Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle called compliment battle. 
 Yes it does lol. Busta Rhymes voiced a Rugrats movie in 1998!
 I like Superheroes! There are actually 300 superheroes registered in the US!
 Interesting. They do cause a lot of damage! Have you heard about the superhero normalman? He has no powers!
 He was a true visionary. There was even a superhero series about Garfield and the gang!
 I saw that she scored 105 points and broke 8 national records in a game!
 Truly an amazing accomplishment. His career high at that time was 40 points!
 Got it. I don't really have one. But Tupac was definitely one of the greats. His music is in the Library of Congress of cultural significance.
 Yes you are correct. Tragic that he died. Eminem is also a great rapper. A Michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit against the rapper.
 Yes true. There was a comic series about fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes! 
 Yes that would be very cool. There's even a Garfield book series spinoff named pet force which featured Garfield and the gang as superheroes.
 It's funny that the like button is illegal in the german state of Schleswig-holstein... I actually wish Facebook gave people more options, instead of just like or dislike.
 haha I personally didn't but I have friends who did, it's funny that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for only 75 million, they must be kicking themselves!
 defriending people? I wonder what it is in it for them thought. seems strange.
 yeah I love it really. have you heard the dolphin style swim competitions?
 haha I have, I guess they tie their hands and feet and swim like a dolphin like that, sounds exhausting!
 it does that must be so hard. At cornell you need to pass a swimming test to graduate.
 Really? No i did not know about that. I know the US has the most gold medals in the world in this sport.
 oh interesting, and ya the swimsuit was so successful that before it was banned, it was used in 94% of races
 apparently it was so good that they managed to beat the british who only used a breaststroke.
 It is! Really? I didn't know that. Very interesting! I like funny fantasy too, like the Delorean car in Back to the Future lol, fantasy is fun.
 I play fantasy football. Did you know there is a fantasy national spelling bee?
 Yes, you can make money off of it. There's actually a fantasy congress where you draft congressmen and points are based off legislative success.
 Haha. Did you know a single fold in the brain makes the difference between reality and fantasy?
 Possibly. Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature.
 Me either. There was a janitor in Chicago that wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript.
 Yes. It is the highest grossing superhero origin movie.
 Me either. When Wonder Woman first appeared as a member of the Justice Society, the group had made her secretary.
 I thought that may have been the problem. No I didn't see it, but I heard that Gal gadot played a good character. I understand that she was in the Israeli military for two years.
 Did you know people actually play fantasy spelling bee?  lol 
 wow how did you meet her?  I love her in fast n furious series. 
 Wow that is awesome.  Is she nice?  She seems like a nice person I have seen some interviews.  Yes,  the new wonder woman looks amazing.  It is the highest gross wwi movie!
 haha.  Right,  shes a great actress,  she wouldve been good as catwoman as well. 
 Yeah thats odd that he became professional just from playing a video game. 
 That is really interesting,  its been great talking to you.  Bye. 
 Sorry DRIVE cloud.  I read that.  That is truly amazing.  And a lot of people with slide rules I suppose!
 Woah theres signal there? that is amazing. Can you imagine life without the internet? there would be chaos in the street, 
 I love the Foo Fighters. I still think it's so awesome that I used to watch the lead singer play drums for Nirvana back in the 90s, and then to see him be so successful leading his own band! Which songs are your favorite of theirs?
 Yea, apparently Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 for "The Raven"
 Yeah. I just read the article but I never heard of him before today. Sounds like he nearly missed fame.
 Agreed. I can't beleive Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 Yea, and how NWA was able to go platnium with Straight Outta Compton despite no touring or airplay
 Well they still issue Vinyl LPs since 1948
 Googleplex, the Google headquarters, is located in Mountain View, California since 2015. They are reorganizing as a corporate entity called Alphabet in which Google will continue to be the company providing their Internet services.
 I love hamburgers too! Maybe I'll use one of the online food delivery services to buy a half dozen cheeseburgers. I am getting hungry now anyway.
 I'm sure nobody delivers to the top of Mt. Everest, though maybe they deliver to base camps at the bottom.
 I'm sure only 7% of those 7% actually understand what they're reading. I sure don't!
 I wonder if they could have predicted how big their company would become, seems like a lot of these Internet sites were started by college students.
 That was amazing. You can reach platinum status via internet now, without the support of airplay or a major tour.
 How can someone read those many words per minute?  Perhaps it is "fake news"?
 hey did you know that the second largest online search engine is actually Youtube?
 No I didn't. I actually thought it was google lol. YouTube is pretty popular though.
 ya he is a lot to take in for sure, did you know his video for the song "Baby" has the most dislikes on youtube?
 ya that is crazy, they had to upgrade youtube to properly pressent the view count for that video! Would you ride a bus that goes 160mph? The dutch are making one
 ya, definitely certain places are, japan apparently does have free highways they all have tolls! That would be so annoying !
 ya I could see that, I know that over 4/5 of the earths forests have been destroyed, that will definitely take a toll
 well I know that they need helium for a lot of electronics, so running out could make all that more expensive, it's wild that when earth was first made it only had a 6 hour day as opposed to now
 that's true, adn I wonder if the days get longer over time? Like in a million years, will we have a 40 hour day?
 That's pretty cool. So what do you normally look for on Amazon?
 I did not know that, thats interesting . I know of an African tribe that still wear victorian clothes.
 I always thought of them wearing black all the time.
 Did you know the UN has an official ambassador to aliens?
 I took a college Geology class. Some believe that a day only lasted 5.5 hours when the earth was first formed
 I've heard more than 80% of them, and yet we still have so many trees. It probably doesn't help that 71% of the earth's surface is water
 That will be sad for all the balloons. Do you ever wonder if there are extraterrestrials? The UN has an official ambassador for that position just in case
 Since travel can technically done by foot, yes, but mostly within the same city. I do like to travel on a wider scale even though it doesn't happen as often as it used to
 Sounds more like a train to me! King Kalakaua of Hawaii was the first king to travel around the world
 I hate tolls! There's an island in Michigan where most travel by carriages or bikes because cars are banned
 I wonder what it's like during winter there. In a similar way, even though it's not as much ice as Greenland, those in Iceland who don't have cars use flights to travel between towns since there's no public rail system
 Every once in a while. Compared to Google, it's the second largest search engine, but maybe that's why Google owns it now
 Yeah I was wondering why the clock in the mountain. I guess it will run for thousands of years too. He is a bit of an odd duck but certainly a business genius. 
 Facebook is another company that started with this little idea and grew into something huge. I mean it was originally only going to be  social site for ivy league schools and now look at it!
 For sure, they have grown so much. nice chatting with you
 Hello. Yes, I use Facebook daily. I had no idea it was blue because Mark is red-green colorblind!
 It isn't all that humid yet, but it is supposed to get to heat indexes of 100 to 105 Sunday through the beginning of next week. Whew! That is hot.
 did you know their first customer has a building named after them?
 They even have their own low-end house hold products called Amazon Basics.
 Agreed. It seems like the police are tighlipped too.
 Really? I do not use that at all. Do you text or no? I found texting better than FB messenger.
 Me too, I like instagram mainly for the memes. I can't believe Myspace turned down the offer to buy facebook for 75 million in early 2005.
 I wonder if that was last year during the congress, hearings, I'm sure no one was hitting the like button for that, even if it were legal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.
 Did you know that Mark Zuckerburg suffers from partial colorblindness?
 I did not know that, what kind, red-green or some other sort of colorblindness?
 I do, what about you? Amazon is now a cooperation worth over 1 trillion dollars!
 Wow! The first customer only spent $27.95 and got an entire building named after him!
 Really, I would like to see the constitution that Iceland is rewriting on facebook, allowing the public to make suggestions and stuff.
 I did not know that, I wish I would have invested in them in 2012,  would be rich now.
 Burger King had an odd promotion where you get a burger if you unfriend people on facebook.
 That is true, it is the sun. It was great chatting with you too, have a great day.
 haha paella is amazing, do you like animals? I guess over 1.5 million animals have ever existed
 Do you like animals? Maybe if you studied you would be able to tell me whether or not it's true that domesticated animals have white patches on their foreheads.
 haha ya I want to know that, also crazy that animals have guaranteed rights in Germany, i wonder what they are
 ya I guess its leftover from when some animals had both gills and lungs, kind of crazy
 ya or the ramones with 2200 concerts in 20 years, thats a lot of concerts!
 ha thats a good question, I would be embarrased to be creed though, that definitely looks bad for the band
 Yeah, wonder what came about that lawsuit. Probably just an extortion play. I mean, that concert has got to be better than the rap album that was released by 100 year old Japanese twins right?
 Sounds like a risky investment unless those twins were related to the executives of the production company.
 I do lilke animals and find them fascinating, 20 quintillion is a big number wow
 That's quite a lot since the Cambrian explosion that occurred 542 million years ago
 That's a ton, and only a few of those have been domesticated and developed a white patch on their foreheads
 Wow, 324 shows in one year is almost one show a day, Linkin park must of been exhausted 
 The crazy thing is NWA was able to go platinum without touring or radio airplay
 I cannot imagine that, maybe because I have such fond memories of it. Strange to think that the king of horror movies thought Bambi was a horror movie.
 Wow, and they are sold for so much more. Apparently women are more likely to have an iphone than man.
 Oh I did not know that, wow. And Microsoft on the other hand held a funeral to mark the death of the iphone when they launched their own phones.
 haha I like that that's funny, did you know that there is no correlation between the bars of service and the actual cell phone connection quality?
 Did not know that. So much interesting stuff out there.
 I do not know. That must cost a lot of money. Nice chatting with you, have a good one.
 That is truly amazing!  
 Never knew that.  I just thought that was their pattern. How cool!
 Anyway, they are a holdover from when you were an early land animal had still had both gills and lungs, supposedly.
 I have an iPhone that I use all of the time. Did you know that women are more likely than men to have iPhones?
 Yeah it's very hard to believe. Google bought the site in 2006 for 1.65 billion. That's a big number.
 For sure. I find it surprising that Justin Bieber has the most disliked video on YouTube. I feel like you're such a popular guy.
 Yes I feel like that happens all too often. Netflix and YouTube together make up half of peak Internet traffic in North America.
 Wow must've been a good one. On the other hand a timeless album is the Darkside of the moon because it was released over 40 years ago but was the best selling album of 2014.
 ok, now that's interesting.  ....but somehow I thought paypal was newer that Youtube... are You sure it's right ?
 2005 ? This is fairly young... I didn't realize that, sorry.
 Yes, and Google bought it in 2006 for $1.65 billion. So they got rich fast!
 ...so Google owns Youtube ?
 Jesus... it's like one giant money making machine... incredible, I can't wait what will they come up with next...
 naah, what is that ? why does it have to be a separate thing ? why can't they just put it on regular YouTube ?
 Wait, so regular viewer like You and me, won't have access ?
 Yeah it definitely is
 They are also the second largest search engine on the web
 Apparently there is a rap album from a 100-year old Japanese twin couple.
 It sure is amazing for a 100 year old twins
 "Baby" by Justin Bieber is a widely liked song
 "the dark side of the moon" still was one of the best selling albums as of 2014
 I'd have a pretty big stomach ache lol. It's crazy that freshwater fish drink through their skin and salt water fish drink through their mouths
 It's pretty crazy how far phones have come. NY's area code of 212 was chosen due to it being the fastest number you could dial on a rotary phone
 Nope, I also never suspected an iphone has more computing power than the US nuclear icbm deterrent
 What's even crazier is a man falsely imprisoned for 10 years studied law at the prison library and freed himself
 Yes I use Netflix almost everyday. Did yujiro Netflix put on commercials during the Super Bowl in order to get people to watch Netflix afterwards?
 Yep and I think the ad was worth it, even though it cost Netflix about 10 million dollars to make
 Yep absolutely. I'm just shocked that Netflix started streaming back in 2007, that seems like a long time ago
 Yes their stock is worth a lot more now, but they are also racking up a lot of debt, they had 22 billion dollars in debt back in 2017
 Do you know how many they have? I just know that they have about a hundred thirty original series at this point, which is a large amount in my opinion
 Yes they have a lot of movies that are highly ranked in Rotten Tomatoes, you can easily stream them too, apparently streaming is 20 times cheaper than actually shipping a DVD
 Yes I'm sure some people still prefer getting DVDs in the mail actually. I bet that the creator of Netflix would have preferred that as well, he got charged a $40 late fee for Apollo 13 once
 Yep they had the chance to buy Netflix for 50 million and now Netflix is worth 2 billion dollars, talk about a blunder
 Yep that's a lot of traffic! And it gets even crazier if you include YouTube, YouTube and Netflix together take up half of Internet bandwidth
 Yes thank you you too, and check out Star Wars, I can't believe James Earl Jones was only paid $8,000 for the voice of Darth Vader in the first movie
 Yep I hope you made a lot of money! And I hope that Marcia Lucas also made a lot of money she had a lot of good input in the first movie
 And George Lucas became a billionaire! I hope he got some royalties
 It actually surprises me. Considering how limited tech was back then
 Did you know the NFL is legally an entertainment business rather than a sport
 That's crazy Netflix still does that since it's been focusing on releasing it's own content to get more subscribers
 That's pretty cool. I would of never guessed it. I have noticed though craft videos seem to be on the rise for youtube. 
 That is amazing they have a copy of that. I didn't even know they did that. 
 Yes. Some people complained about nudity and sexual content.
 Now I want to see what it is all about.  April is supposed to be nude anyway - it is an animal.
 They couldn't stop April from being broadcasted. Millions of people tuned in and it was called the most anticipated birth since Prince George.
 Her park was makng money off her fame but it still went out of business.
 Oh, okay.  It had 870,000 views. That was a lot.
 The first YouTube video uploaded was a guy talking about an elephant. Boy, we do love our animals!
 I guess so. I also did not know that Youtube is owned by Google.  Do you know?
 No, I did not know that. And also three PayPal employees created it.
 There are so many smart young people out there.  Three employees getting together?
 Right. It seems like only a few large companies own everything.
 Yes, it is amazing how fast giraffes grow.  10 feet tall at 1 year is pretty quick
 It's crazy that April is 15 and the father of the calf was only 5
 True, April was robbing the craddle so to speak
 It's fascinating how animals have evolved since the Cambrian explosing 542 million years ago
 yes. Dogs can learn over a thousand words thats intresting
 I love the office. I would like to see ikea heights
 To my knowledge, it is still there, but I haven't been out there in many years.  With all the detail that went in to it, it would be a surprise if they really did retire it.
 I didn't know about elephants, but with dogs, I knew that from watching them.  I was surprised to learn that dogs arent actually color blind, though.  That's something I thought I knew from childhood.
 Oh wow that' s pretty amazing! Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper?
 Lol that's good you have a dog. My wife is allergic so no animals for us. Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research subjects. 
 I did see that which is pretty cool. It says they exchange plastic bottles for the vendor machine dog food and water for stray dogs.
 LOL yea that's funny. I'm not a big fan of cats. Dogs can learn over 1000 words and can reason better than chimps.
 haha yes. Some dogs in Moscow have learned to use the subway. 
 Wow that's crazy. Did you know dogs drink from the underside of their tongue? 
 That's pretty funny. Did you know people with pets are at greater risk during a natural disaster because the pets make them less likely to evacuate? 
 They're also related to wolves. Dogs are the most widely abundant carnivores too.
 Yeah I just didn't know that there were 12 different dog blood types. That's incredible and so is the fact that they do dog blood drives
 Haha that's a good point. I like the idea of using stray dogs to grab recycle bottles and giving them a treat for that. That's a good use of stray dogs haha they do that in Istanbul
 I think it does. Especially in big cities. I like knowing that Google prefers dogs instead of cats. They put it in their code of conduct apparently
 Oh that's great. What is weird is that dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to understand pointing
 I do like it a lot. I guess Hugh Laurie was paid like $700,000 per episode. I can think of a lot of fun things to do with all that money haha
 Haha tell me about this jumping spider? currently in Colorado you don't own a pet you instead are there Guardian. That's a negligable difference
 Yea I love dogs, it's so interesting that dogs are able to eat a starch-rich diet after spending so much time with people
 Yea, we were able to domesticate a wild wolf to do so many things for us like herding, hunting, and companionship
 Do you have a dog?  I do, but I didn't know that they had 12 different blood types.
 Funny, that is what I said. Google prefers dogs to cat apparently, which if funny since cats seem more popular on the internet.
 Dogs aren't really color-blind.  I wonder who spread that rumor?
 Not too much due to allergies in the family.  But apparently people keep tigers as pets in the US and there are more than living in the wild in Asia.
 20 pets, wow. Although, in Japan there are more pets than children. That is even more devoted to pets.
 That is an incredible amount. I like drama too. Apparently Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore do to his beliefs.
 If you like radio then you can access it online for free.  There are thousands of episodes.
 Sorry, radio dramas are online for free.   Mime seems very dramatic and is huge non-verbal language.  Speaking of Drama, Michael Caine became an actor because all the pretty girls in school were in drama club
 I would choose a dog.  I could probably only do a dog and a cat, not like Theodore Roosevelt that somehow had a bear and a hyena among his 20+ pets.  That is too crazy for me!
 Nice!  Japan has more pets than kids under 15!  That is wild!
 Lol whoever did this had a great sense of humor
 It sure is.  I guess he didn't want to do dramas anymore because they are not positive.  I can think of plenty of positive dramas!
 Do you like The Office?  One of my favorite shows ever!  I did not realize until recently Ellie Kemper was taught by John Hamm in her high school drama class!
 I never knew that!  A game desinger named Jane McGonigal calculated that as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week.  Wow that's a lot of time.
 The game had great music. The PS has a lot of flexibility and power. The DoD build a supercomputer about of 1760 PS 3s. The cheaper solution chosen by the DoD! Surprising.
 Wow, that's interesting! Playstations are used for so many things, like how the Ps3's are used to search for black holes, pretty crazy. Not surprising how popular they are seeing how the Ps 4 sold 80 million consoles in only 24 hours.....
 I would not doubt that Playstations could eventually be used as smart phone, they do so many other things lol, I love my smart phone when I got a new one recently....I did not know that, I wonder why?
 NY's area code is 212 because it was the shortest one to dial on a rotary phone. The only place to find rotary phones now is in a museum. The cables carrying all the data across the bottom of the oceans are less than 3 inches thick!
 Comedy s the best, I agree. And wow, that is really interesting! I love Monty Python. I really like 3rd Rock from the Sun there for awhile but don't watch it much anymore.
 So true. We have come from corded phones to needing to have a challenge to keep us from our phones. 
 It's crazy how ps3s can be used for supercomputers and to research black holes
 Did you know new york's area code is 212 because it is the fastest number to dial?
 The iphone has more computing powerr than the nuclear icbm.
 I can't imagine not having a phone. New York's area code is 212 because this was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Not too sure. The cables carrying phone and data lines across the ocean are only 2.7 inches thick and just lay on the ocean floor.
 I agree! It's impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together.
 I saw that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.
 I do too! The boy from Jumanji was the voice of chip in Beauty and the Beast.
 I didn't know that. Jumanji had an opening weekend in the US of $36 million.
 I think so too. Tim Curry is the voice of slick in the Jumanji cartoon.
 Yes. The boy was the voice of Chip, from Beauty and The Beast.
 Wow! It eventually got over $1B worldwide in the box office!
 That is pretty nuts.   It had a budget of 91 million so it made a nice profit
 That is interesting. I meant to say that each team has 11 players on the field at a time.  I didn't know there was International Cricket Council.  Did you?
 Football is extremely popular in America which is probably why those with successful careers in sports are often associated with celebrity status. 
 Hello, How are you? Interesting that New York got the fastest area code number!
 Good!  I think that number should have gone to emergency services, but that is me.
 Yes, I agree! Wow Judge Judy makes a lot per episode. $123.000!
 The longest match was in 1939 between England and South Africa it lasted 14 days!
 That is a long time.  There is a batsman who scored 165/245 runs for his team, no one has reached that percentage again.
 That's unreal, Its good an all US born team won the British cup twice. 
 Probably, but what if there's no food at all!  Our Iphone's have a vast amount of power!
 The logistics and infrastructure required are mind boggling and fascinating at the same time!  
 I have, It is a game played by two teams with eleven players on each team. They use a ball and a bat to play the game. 
 they have also been in 63% of all the finals and have won 71% of those appearances. 
 I do, it lasted 14 days and was played by South Africa and England. 
 Whew.  That has to be one of the longest games of all time.  lol  There is a pro indian cricket player named Napoleon Einstein!
 interesting. There used to be a team from Compton and they won the British cup twice. 
 Some, lets talk about celebrities next. The movie Aladdin and robin Williams started the tread of voices being performed by celebrities. 
 Judge Judy makes a lot of money per episode, she receives 123,000 per show. 
 I have not. there is a secret room at Pixar studios that celebrities like to visit. 
 I did not, lets talk about the Telephone next. The reason why New York's area code is 212 is because when they used rotary phones it was the fastest number to dial. 
 I would think they would be huge, but the cables used on the ocean floor are only 2.7 inches in diameter
 interesting, the cables not only carry phone data but they also carry internet. 
 It was estimated at right around 65 billion
 If he only got 7500, I hope there was some backend points!
 Yeah it's crazy that the first two won Academy awards, but clearly all the prequels were bust
 Yeah, but I don't think it keeps him up at night, seeing as the entire series as had a box office revenue of $8.5 million
 Sometimes I do, but then I take a break every once in a while. How about yourself?
 Finally, we'd go back to the library!
 I read that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama
 he makes $700,000 per episode of House
 Did you know they had a celebration of Leonard Berstein's 100th birthday?  They had dancing, singing and the National Symphony Orchestra.  Must have been quite the event.
 Not really but I saw that a shopping center in Australia in using classical music to stop teenagers from loitering
 Interesting, is that like reverse psychology?   Goerke will sing in the Brunnhilde at the Metropolitan Opera nexy year and sang some of Wagner's "ring" cycle.
 Did it copy anything?  Did you know the term soap opera came from the stories being sponsored by soap companies?  Who wouldn't known?
 i didn't know that but classical music concerts had loud moving wild audiences during the performance
 I never heard that.  In 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for noise
 in 2002 a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band
 That's not good.  Did you know that fans of heavy metal and classical music have similar personalities?  I wouldn't have thought that.
 yeah that is interesting.  in 1972 I see that Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompei, with no audience
 I know I was wondering that too..  I didn't know the Beatles did classiscal music.  A man named Author Lintgen can correctly identify a piece of classical music by simply analyzing the grooves on vinyl record
 In 2011 a computer composed a piece of contemporary classical music
 Ya, but Harrison Schmitt sure didn't. He was a scientist who also walked on the moon!
 Hey there what do you think about planet Earth? I think it's sad that we have lost about 80% of our natural Forests
 That is pretty interesting. It's also interesting that Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible when they were sworn in as presidents, they are the only ones to do so
 That's interesting I might have to look up a picture of that. Also interesting how Christians portion of the Bible overlaps with the Jewish portion and then the Muslim portion overlaps the Christian and Jewish portions
 Yep I heard about that, that's pretty scary, also scary that some guy tried to sell the Eiffel Tower LOL I guess he did it twice I wonder how much he got for it
 Yep I agree with you! wwe need to conserve and also make sure our government is playing fair, I can't believe that the u.s. Passed legislation to exempt employees from following the Geneva Convention, now that is scary
 I'm against it, they just need to make their process better, what are your thoughts?
 Well said my friend! Can you believe in 2006, the us passed legislation protecting government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva convention?
 I think other countries need to jump on board that train! That makes me happy about one government at least haha.
 I'm sure, unless it is all desert, but I'm sure they took that land from somebody! I wonder if they have internet out there like they do on top of Mt Everest?
 Speaking of mount everest, you can get 3g of cell service at the top of it!
 I agree! Some scientist should do research on how annoying it is haha.
 Speaking of scientists, the emperor of Japan is a scientist who still publishes papers!
 That is interesting! I feel like there should be a lot more scientists in charge of society! There was one scientist who walked the moon!
 It was! That would be so cool! Did you know the world wide web was created 30 years ago today? or maybe yesterday?
 I heard they recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman amphitheatre in Pompeii way back in 1972 but didn't have a live audience! Thats kind of odd, Isn't it?
 I did hear Hugh Laurie's the highest paid tv drama actor. He apparently made $700k per episode for House. That is just insane. He obviously isn't hurting for money, is he?
 Yes, I love Michael Caine! Can you believe that he only became an actor because he said all the prettiest girls at his school were drama students? I should have taken drama classes, then! Ha!
 It's okay. I like classical music, unlike those teenagers in Australia, being driven away from a shopping center because they're playing classical music!
 That is crazy they were driven away for that. I love Pink Floyd. In the 70s they recorded a live concert with no audience!
 That's fantastic! I'll bet the people at the Creed concert in 2002 wish they'd done the same. Can you imagine a show so bad you want to sue the band?
 I've never seen them. I hate that I missed seeing the Ramones. They toured constantly and they never came close enough to me.
 Yeah that would be a fun concert. I can't believe they toured non stop for 20 years, that is tiring.
 And they often hated each other. Still, that constant touring has to be awful. I can't imagine doing a show every night, like Linkin park did in 2001. I mean, they had a few days off, but still. That's a lot of shows.
 Music soothes the savage beast. It would certainly make me less likely to vandalize. Not that I would, mind you, but I imagine it would be quite calming.
 I agree they have a study showing that it resulted in fewer assaults and robberies. That is pretty cool.
 It is. I'd like to go to a place where classical music is just piped in throughout the city.
 They should play it throughout every cities across every country maybe we could have more world peace.
 I agree! Maybe not Wagner everywhere, though. It's quite dramatic stuff.
 Okay because it's sad if it is since if earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour frame, humans would only represent one minute and seventeen seconds.
 Interesting! And Norwegian government cares about land other than its own, they donated one billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.
 That sounds worse than Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams electing not to use a Bible at their swearing in ceremonies.
 The bible is very important, it has an estimated sale of over 5 billion copies!
 Before 1963, students in the US would often read from the Bible as a normal part of their elementary education
 No I didn't! That's kind of crazy to me! I also read that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause measurable addiction!
 That could be who online gambling is also a problem, get like a double whammy.  I may or may not be addicted to the internet, however I haven't read the terms and conditions so I may have agreed to some crazy things without knowing about it
 Ah yes. John Von Neumann! He could also divide two 8 digit numbers in his head by that age! What a great start to life!
 I cant even do that now, and I have a masters degree!  (Granted it is in music, but still) 
 I did not know that. That is too bad. Did you know that the earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century. How are we going to have balloons?
 That's crazy, we're using up way too much. It's wild that if the entire history of the Earth was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds. Yet we create so much damage to it.
 We wreck it! I can't believe that when the earth was first formed the day only lasted 5.5 hours long.
 I couldn't handle that. I can't stand the 8 or 9 odd hours during daylight savings time. 
 I can't either. Earth is the densest planet in the solar system and the largest of the four terrestrial planets. Pretty impressive.
 That is pretty impressive. Did you know that in September of 2010, the UN appointed an official ambassador to Extraterrestrials in the case they would ever make contact with earth. So Trump is behind with the Space Force then?
 I heard about that. I'm guessing that plan didn't work out so well, did it?
 Not so much! I think it is interesting that 86% of the land in nevada is owned by the US government. I didn't realize that could still happen.
 I think alot of the land in Nevada is the military bases and test sites there. I know Area 51 is there as well, right?
 Hmmm. That is interesting. I am amazed that a guy in france was able to impersonate a govt. official and sell the eiffel tower two times. That takes the cake.
 That is pretty wild, I wonder who was dumb enough to buy it. Hopefully the guy was able to stash some of the money. 
 Did you know that thomas jefferson created his own version of the bible. He used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts. I guess he wanted to believe only certain parts of it. 
 I didn't know that. I didn't realize that the apple only became an apple when the bible was translated into latin in the 4th century.
 That is pretty interesting as well. My dad used to tell me that they were required to read from the bible as part of their elementary education. 
 I wonder if there was an outrage when they did it? It probably wasn't highly publicized by the media like it would be today. 
 You're absolutely right about that. Well I have to run. I hope you have a great day!
 Hi! I am. Although I enjoyed MySpace more than I do Facebook. I can't believe MySpace declined an offer to buy Facebook back in 2005. Oh what might have been! What about you?
 I did and thoroughly enjoyed it! I couldn't believe it was the highest grossing ww1 movie of all time though!
 I used to a long time ago! What about you? It's crazy to think it only displayed 54 colors back then. And we never even realized it!
 Agreed! I can't believe it lasted until 2003 when it was discontinued over in Japan. I figured it was discontinued long before that!
 No kidding! Speaking of entertainment, did you ever hear Ronald Reagan was actually rejected for a role because a movie executive didn't think he looked "presidential". That's an epic fail!
 I enjoyed it. I can't believe that she debuted in the comics as a secretary. 
 Yes I had heard that. She was a combat trainer even which is impressive. I did not know that the inventor of Wonder Woman was created by the same person who created the lie detector test. 
 That is an interesting connection. I did not know that the Lego Movie was the first movie to feature Wonder Woman. I fond that shocking with her popularity. Everyone already knew who she was. 
 I didn't know they were performing.  
 I think it's separate. It belongs to Warner Media and streamed classic films. I had not heard of it.
 Cool. I have not watched that yet because I prefer lighter tv series/movies. Did you know that from 9 to 12 pm Netflix makes up 33% of all bandwidth in North America? I guess a lot of people use it to unwind at night.
 Oh, that is a cool way I should look for movies on Netflix. Reed Hastings racked up a $40 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13 and that is why netflix was started!
 HAHAH! That's crazy! I like though how you can still check out dvds at the public library. I still have a library of dvd's lol
 Same here. Did you know that watching horror films can burn up to 180 calories? That is one lazy way to lose weight!
 Ah ok, thanks for the advice. Did you know that dogs are not colorblind?
 Yep. Netflix spends 20x more on its postage than on its bandwidth. 
 Hello! I'm a fan of Sylvester Stallone ever since seeing Rocky. Funnily enough, I heard there was a recent hoax he was dead!
 It's sad people spread a hoax like that, but celebrities have weird associations with fans. I remember a dude named Justin Bieber was banned on Facebook because he wasn't the celebrity.
 ah that is true, its funny that they had to go to his brother Frank Stallone to confirm though
 she had a variety show in the 70's, but she was actually the first guest on Sesame street
 Oh wow, that must have boosted her career for sure! It's interesting how people start out, like Jenna Marble is a celebrity just from making YouTube videos.
 ya the internet is so awesome, crazy to think that you can get 3g service on mount everest
 It's crazy how many areas have better service than it feels I do in general haha. I think even the ISS has faster Internet than most people have.
 haha it wouldn't surprise me, did you know that there is an addiction you can get from clicking links? I think I have that haha
 ya I coul dsee that, also scary is that only 7% of people read internet terms of service
 yup that is scary, good thing there is a place that makes backups of the internet every day, jsut in case it ever goes down
 Yeah, I've heard about that, he did the famous voice of the Genie.  They got Will Smith portraying him in the upcoming live action version... 
 I won't even speculate!  LOL.  Do you use the Internet much?  I'm addicted to it.  It's just amazing how people and info from all over the globe is connected together!
 Yeah, it's that release of dopamine! It can be get quite addictive.  Heck, you know they even got 3g cell service and internet at MT Everest? 
 Admittedly, I skim through it.  I mainly just look for pertinent phrases like "Give up your soul" or "harvest your organs." :)
 Yeah, it is good, although I don't see how the ENTIRE internet could "burn" down... that'd be quite a feat!  
 Oh, wow, that's a lot of bandwidth!  Yeah, I watch it at night.  Did you know Blockbuster DECLINED offers to buy Netflix?  Bet they're kicking themselves for that decision, huh?
 That's actually a pretty neat idea.  Do you know they have blood drives for dogs?  I'd personally never heard of that before, but they tell me it's true.
 With all of their different blood types, I'm not surprised. Dogs are not colour blind, but cannot see as many different colours as humans. I thought they were color blind, but I was wrong.
 Yeah, I've always thought that too... strange huh?  Get this, dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.  Did NOT know elephants understood that..
 That's pretty amazing. Dog blood drives?  I could see that being turned into a movie as well.  Actually I could see that turning into a horror film! Though I don't care for horror films much.  Too gory and macabre. 
 Yeah, I definitely won't watch it in the theatres.  Maybe on Netflix where I can stop and start as I please.  Did you know Netflix and YouTube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America?
 Yes, I saw that, makes sense. If I am watching movie or the like its usually those two places. Although we have a few other places we watch like amazon prime.  I guess getting a $40 late fee can really be inspiring to make a lot of money!
 Here's a horror movie you might like.  Cujo?  It has a dog.  One of the only Stephen King movies I can watch.  Funny story... he was actually terrified of Bambi as a kid and considered that the first horror movie he saw.
 It's amazing how much Amazon does not with publishing, film and television
 I meant does, lol, typo. Amazon does have a lot of cool products like fire tablets/tv, and Echo devices
 Yep. The first Amazon customer got a building named after him for spending only 27.95!
 I think it's because the Creator was colorblind? I don't know why they didn't put that in The Social Network movie haha
 I know I bet they're kicking themselves haha! So should the German state that banned the like button actually. That seems so stupid to me. Why do you think they did that?
 I think it's Justin Bieber song"baby", and one of the most liked songs is Gangnam Style. I never really liked that song myself
 Yeah that's crazy. They changed it to 64 bits apparently. What school is that registered YouTube users are able to upload an unlimited number of videos. That must take up a lot of space
 Sorry, washington post. I cannot believe amazon was founded in 1994.
 did you now they owned IMDB too? Man, they own everything!
 They are building a completely new city for it.
 Just like the Olympics. Which is crazy. Im not sure how any country and reason taking on the debt
 Im glad some soccerr players put their money to good use helping out others. German soccer player mesut ozil donated his eur300,000 world cup victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in brazil.
 I'm not a big fan, but I do watch The World Cup when I catch it on. I didn't know it was called association football!
 It's such a global sport. I heard that is makes more money than all other professional sports combined.
 There's different variations of soccer too. Like one where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
 Three teams at once?! They don't have any games like that at the World Cup, do they? 
 Yeah it's called Three Sided Football, it's played on a hexagon field and the winner is the one who concedes the least goals. 
 I saw a little bit of it last year. I heard that the city that's hosting the 2022 World Cup doesn't even exist yet.
 I heard about that! I guess Qatar is making a whole new city! That's crazy. I hope Qatar does well in their matchups if they're going to build a whole new city! Did you know the American team has never placed below third place in the World Cup since the Women's World Cup started in 1991!
 Hungary's team was pretty dominant in the 1950s, they only had one defeat between 1950-1956, and that was the World Cup final.
 I hope Qatar doesn't expect to profit from the World Cup, there's no net economic gains for the countries that have played host the the Olympics or the World Cup.
 That was a very generous deed. Did you know that Jon Stewart played soccer in college?
 That's cool.  The Hungary National Football team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956 and that was the World Cup final.  How awesome was that?
 I didn't realize that.  I hear that there is really no economic gains for the countries that have played host to the World Cup or Olympics.  That's hard for me to believe.
 That's got to be hard on his pocketbook.  But, when your as famous an actor as Jim Carrey, you can do what you want and don't have to take every role that comes along.
 You know, getting back to Soccer, I didn't realize that Jon Stewart was such a skilled soccer player in college.
 No, I had no idea, that is crazy!
 Hi! Yes, I heard they settled breach claims from 50 states over violating data breach laws. I also heard they shelled out  $148 million. That's insane!
 I'd be too afraid to. I don't know why one would do that though. Do you? Then again, I don't know why Doom was the most installed software in 1995, beating out Windows 95 either. Ha! People can and will surprise you!
 Wow! I figured 111 would be. That's interesting. We mentioned the Disney Company previously, did you know Walt Disney was fired from his newspaper job in Missouri for not being creative enough? Can you believe that?
 No I don't really watch it, although I might if the USA plays in it this year.  did you know that they got third place in the very first World Cup? That was back in 1930
 Yep that is interesting. And the city where it's going to be held, apparently doesn't even exist yet! They better get digging LOL
 No I agree with you. It's weird countries will spend so much money on hosting those things and they don't get any benefit. Do you ever watch women's soccer by the way? Apparently they've come in at least third place since 1991, I wonder why the male team isn't that good
 That's true. We're not as good as hungry was back in the 50s, they had a 6-year. Where they only had one defeat. That's insane!
 Well what's interesting is that Jim Carrey isn't going to make a dramatic movie anymore, he says that he only supports positivity and so he only wants to make comedies these days. That seems really weird, you can have a dramatic movie that has positivity
 Wow did you know that Soccer makes more money than all other popular sports combined ?
 Interesting! I wonder why it has not caught on in the US. Hey, the US got 3rd place in the FIFA world up in 1930.
 good question. ITs funny how The city which is set to host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup final does not yet exist lol
 I find it surprising that there are no economic gains for countires that host the world cup. But it must help to bring awareness of the place to the world.
 Intersting, no I haven't really been paying attention. Hungary used to be a really good football team.
 Do you like drama ? Jim carrey doesn't make dramas any more 
 I like comedies more. Yeah, I heard it is because of his belief system?
 Interesting. Well, I guess he has his reasons. Michael Caine has his interesting reasons for becoming an actor.
 He has done very well. Not as well as Hugh Laurie, who is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama.
 Yeah I guess I would listen to those on my commute.
 Jon hamm taught erin from the office in his drama class
 Awesome! There's a group of people that want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks. I find that odd.
 Ha ha that is hilarious I agree. Apparently smoking near Apple computers make it a biohazard and voids the warranty.
 I wonder that myself. Even telephones have come a long way. For example an iPhone has more computing power in the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 Yes my thoughts exactly. I also find it interesting the host city doesn't really make any money...
 Yeah that was a mess with the whole water quality. Very dramatic. Soccer brings in a lot of money though!
 Yes I agree. He is already so rich. I think he should get involved with soccer because it makes more money than most other sports combined!
 China is getting involved with soccer. Their communist government is pouring hundreds of millions into their soccer programs in order to have a strong world cup team. I wonder why.
 Wow! The Hungarian soccer team only lost once between 1950 - 1956 which was the world cup! Imagine that!
 Very impressive indeed. The current champion is France though. 
 Was it France? Oh sorry, my bad. I think I was looking at the wrong games. Did you know that soccer makes the most money out of any sport?
 No problem! Yeah more than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined!
 Oh interesting I always wondered about that. Soccer is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries!
 There is actually a variation of soccer where it is three teams face each other. Essentially an Free for all!
 It's because it's played so many places. It's so much bigger then other sports. People play in over 200 countries!
 They try but sometimes the buildings are not suited for it, and lots of shady construction too. Fifa doesn't help out much too they only care about the tournament not what happens afterwords.
 Yeah before my time. It's amazing that the women's world cup only started in 1991. Women have been playing just as long as men.
 You'd think they could use the same venues. There's always some kind of drama with the world cup. Speaking of dramas and I know this is off topic but I just read Jim Carrey doesn't take rolls in dramas anymore because of his belief system. 
 I'm a casual fan.  It makes more money though than all of the big sports like football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined.  That's incredible and shows how popular it is around the world!
 I didn't know that.  Wonder how they came up with that.  The last world cup was held in Russia.
 Do they usually not air condition the stadiums? It's a good thing they decided to use all that money they make to something good. Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined! Does that mean soccer players get more lucrative salaries?
 OH! That's genius and creative! Even though they don't use the same terms, they should learn a thing or two from the German soccer player who donated his $300K world cup victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil, how commendable!
 Oh yeah, I love watching his shows! Amazing to see how these celebrities entered the field of entertainment, like Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.
 I'm glad Caine made that choice. I know that Jon Hamm (from Mad Men) used to teach high school drama. 
 "Uber's decision to cover up this breach was a blatant violation of the public's  trust,"  California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said in a statement.
 do you use a computer or just the phone
 did you know Smoking near apple computers voids the warranty by making it "a biohazard"
 good facts heres another In 1936, the russians made a computer that ran on water.
 i love that game
 We certainly have come a long way with computers and phones
 yes we have thank you goodbye
 I do like watching the World Cup, Did you know that the city which is set to host the 2022 World Cup in Qatar does not yet exist?
 Isn't that crazy? And considereing that hosting the world cup is not considered a net positive economically, it makes you wonder why soomeone would want the WC so badly they were willing to build a whole new city for it?
 I know it's crazy, the Olympics are the same way. Maybe there's an increase and tourism afterwards that may help.
 Could be.  As an American, I do not think of Association football when I hear the term "football"  It is surprising to me to learn that the US got third place in the first FIFA world cup back in 1930...
 I'm the same way. The US team is actually pretty traditionally good. They have never placed below third place in the World Cup since the Women's World Cup started in 1991.
 I know, right! They did good. Did you know that the Hungary national team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956, and that was the world cup final.
 Not at all! Haha! I had never heard of soccer until I got out of high school. It's strange to me that it makes more money than all other sports combined.
 I agree. I didn't really like Jim Carrey when he wasn't doing funny movies.
 I need to check that out, that seems pretty interesting!
 No.  That would be a challenge,  I took a few horseback riding lessons and my thighs hurt after that lol where do you park it?  what do you do with all the poop it makes?  lol 
 it must be a real problem there then,  maybe it would be better for them to ride horses instead of cars. I feel like a flame thrower on a car would be good for places that have snow though!  That could be a nice add on to a car lol 
 lol good question!
 I have no clue,  he must have a good stock of claritin or something lol Did you know Icelandic horses has a fifth speed? 
 i wonder why that is that breed can tolt and others cant though.  weird. 
 Oh I see.  Then I wonder why they needed to tolt!  lol 
 Lol Youtube would be your best bet then lol 
 Is there really?  Do you know who?
 They found a piano? really? lol, I might have to google that later, seems interesting do you know how the piano got there
 Exactly! It takes a really good movie for me not to nitpick everything. The Fifty Shades movie just made me want to nitpick. Like why is Ana always surprised by all these flashy things. You're with a billionaire honey, that's what they do. 
 That's cool. I really enjoy piano music and really wish I would have taken lessons when I was a kid. Did you know that on April 18, 1930 the bbc decided there was no news worth reporting, so they broadcast piano music instead? Sometimes I wish they would still do that. 
 You're right about that. It's cool that Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody as Paul McCartney used to record Hey Jude. 
 Hopefully I wouldn't get suspended like they did. I would probably get arrested first. I have to take 25 miles of the interstate to get to work. That might not go over so well. 
 Hi! Of course! I've always wondered about that especially after watching Cosmos on Netflix. Like I learned that the moon on Jupiter would be considered a planet if it orbited around the sun.
 Oh ok, I see. Thanks for clarifying that, 455 years is a lot of time! Considering that teens and a lot of people spend lots of time on social media platforms like Facebook as well. Can't believe MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for a mere $75 million in early 2005, and now MySpace is gone with the wind!
 I know! Especially after Facebook went public in 2012, the company was valued at 104 billion! I think the social media giant is worth a lot more than that now considering they have about 2.2 billion monthly active users
 That is a great investment, but rather a headache considering it has to abide to the customs and traditions of various parts of the world. Like in German state of Schleswig-Holstein, the "Like" button is actually illegal, I'm not sure why that is though.
 Yeah, I'm not sure why, if anything it seems like a positivity button. Unlike Burger King which ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook, you get a free whopper, that should be illegal
 Yeah, I didn't hear of that promotion, I only hear promotions of concerts, but I have never attended one of Linkin Park's concerts even though they played 324 concerts in one year. Have you?
 20 years on the road, that seems quite tiring. On the bright side, it must mean that they had a performance and audience to perform to unlike the Pink Floyd who played to no audience
 Yeah, I wonder what came out of the lawsuit, probably just an extortion attempt.
 I know that if I was an early investor I would be just as psyched as well! 
 Ok I will check it out on those channels. I think that National Geographic show is pretty clever by following Game of thrones like that....
 I totally get that. The weird names throw me for a loop too. I've heard that names like Arya and Dany are gaining popularity, but that's probably because they're the easiest to spell!
 Oh, that's cool, I had no idea!
 That doesn't even sound real, it's like the concept for a millennial horror movie
 Not as often as I used to. I prefer smaller venues rather than large stadiums or arenas. In croatia, there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue. That might be neat to attend!
 Wow! I didn't realize it was only created in 2004- seems like it's been around forever!
 Seriously! Their initial IPO in 2012 valued them at $104 Billion!
 That is an interesting fact. In Iceland, they are using Facebook to rewrite their constitution and the public can make suggestions. Pretty cool!
 Haha. There are a couple people I would unfriend even without the free food! There is a state in Germany where the "like" button is illegal!
 Hi how are you doing? Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun
 I did not know that.  I am always intrigued by science.
 Same here.  These are such interesting facts! The planet venus does not tilt, so consequently, it has no seasons. it is the only planet that rotates clock-wise.
 That was interesting.  Scientists also think that there are building blocks of live some 400 plus light years away.
 There is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500 mph in 2000 degree fahrenheit weather.
 That was amazing.  Is it close to our planet? 2000 degree Fahrenheit is very very hot.
 Oh wow.  I did not know that.  I understand that five planets in our solar system can be seen from earth.  
 I did not know that.  Myspace owners must be very unhappy when Facebook IPO was valued at $104 billion dollars.
 Sound reproduction on telephones is good enough for dolphins to recognize and communicate with each other.
 I cant believe that either. Frozen was great! I think its cool that they dubbed lion king. I know that for Moana they also dubbed it in Hawaiian. Women have not led much but its exciting to see them step up and start doing things they love and believe in.
 I haven't watched much baseball, but I read something recently about Max Scherzer with almost 100 mph fastballs. That's crazy fast!
 Most cars don't usually reach that speed, much less a pitcher. It's incredible what the human body can do with the kind of training that sports requires!
 Wow, I didn't think the managers would be potential players too. I guess it's always good to have a backup for your backup.
 If you'd given me a thousand guesses, hair probably wouldn't have been one of them. Seems ridiculous unless it wouldn't fit under a baseball cap or something!
 That is really funny, Ive always liked The Simpsons, its crazy how much a TV show can influence our minds, are The Isotopes good?
 Seems baseball players have to follow certain rules in order to play. There was a  player who was suspended because he did not get a haircut. Wonder if that still goes today?
 That's pretty amusing.     Actor Hugh Laurie earned $700000 per episode for Drama "House!"
 Perhaps.    You Know, I heard some reporter invented a fake press organization to get Yankees tickets.
 Yes, some Japanese fans do not know the sport is America's national pastime.
 Funny guy!    Thanks for the chat, enjoy the Yankees, and don't be like Don Mattingly - get a haircut!
 Are dramas your favorite type of movies?
 The minor league team in Albuquerque was named after a team in the simpsons!
 That must have been crazy times indeed.
 It was called House. It's not on anymore, but it was very good.
 Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they're actually eligible to play for their teams?
 In 1991 they suspended Don Mattingly because he didn't want to get a haircut
 Bill O'Reilly created a fake press organization in college so that he could get season tickets to the Yankees.
 The former Yankee Bobby Richardson is the only player to win World Series MVP even though he lost the World Series
 I wonder who schedules games in Japan? In the US, one couple did this for like 24 years.  I can't imagine how long it took to schedule 2430 games each season!
 They can even claim having the only World Series MVP of a losing team when Bobby Richardson accomplished that feat.
 Can you believe that Hugh Laurie earned like $700 K per episode on House?  That just so happened to make him the highest paid ever for that genre of TV.  I hope he was worth every penny.
 did you know that Hugh Laurie was the highest paid tv actor ever?
 wow I did not know there, is that a real rule? if so I'm shocked no one has every tried to do that, I do know that there is a lot of weird stuff going on with the Yankees though, like apprently in 1973 two yankee pitchers swapped families permanently, you're right maybe they are travelling to the bermuda triangle!
 wow that is a lot of baseballs! I can't believe there are 2430 baseball games scheduled each year, that comes out to like 80 baseballs used per game!
 Agreed.  13 years is way too long.  I can see why Harper signed but i don't think Philly will be enjoying this contract 8 years from now.
 Poor guy, he was an awesome player. Good chatting with you!
 Have you seen Boy Erased? I heard it's really intense and tackles some really heavy topics like suicide, sexuality, sexual assault, and more.
 I love Netflix. I would've loved to be an early investor, I would be so rich now! Blockbuster actually had several opportunities to buy Netflix early on, they would now have it for 40x what they paid for it!
 Did you know that Dr Seuss's classmates voted him to be the least likely to succeed. Talk about ironic!
 That is really impressive! I use that word all the time haha. Also interesting that dr. Seuss was technically a doctor
 Yes I agree! It's amazing that he's sold over 600 million copies of all of his books, and that they  have been translated into 20 languages
 I do have netflix, although I do not use it a lot. Blockbuster actually declined several offers of purchasing netflix at 50 million. Now they are worth 2 billion!
 Yeah that was a bad move! Also a bad move to charge Reed Hastings a $40 late fee for Apollo 13, that led to the creation of netflix!
 Yep exactly. It's amazing to that people still order Netflix DVDs, Netflix actually spends about 20 times more on the postage for delivering DVDs then just to stream them on the internet
 Wow! As of October, Netflix had 137 million subscribers. Now thats a lot!
 That is a lot! And 60 million of them are in the United States! thats about 1/5 people here
 Yep you're right that actually makes more sense. What doesn't make sense is that Netflix takes up 33% of all bandwidth on the internet, that's crazy!
 For sure... Did you know Netflix uses 33% of N. America's bandwidth between 9am to 12am?  Wow.
 More than I can count... They also spend 20 times more on postage than they do for bandwidth.
 It appears so... It's also weird that Blockbuster turned down many offers to buy Netflix for $50M.  It's worth $2B now.  Doh!
 Yeah, fines can be quite a motivation!  Thanks for the chat.  You were excellent!
 The idea of a robot deciding my fate is scary though. Imagine if they developed sentience or used human brains as their center processor!
 I didn't know that, waterphones don't sound threatening by name. But I know that horror movies burns calories!
 I guess, they use them in horror movies. I'm going to have to tell my friends that watching horror movies burn 180 calories. lol, I don't watch them really.
 It doesn't make sense. Its interesting how New York got its area code number.
 Yes, that's something! Very good of Unicef to donate clean water.
 Stephen King, yes. Hard to believe anything would scare him.
 Yeah! Knew he changed his views on a few things, but didn't know that.
 I'm curious as to what belief system that is though.  He was gotten a bit wierd
 Not exactly the picture of a children's author!
 Whoa look at the Netflix facts. 33% of all bandwidth in North America.. not sure how I feel about that
 Yeah, Blockbuster was a big part of my childhood. Too bad! And if Reed Hastings had been better about late fees, the world might have been completely different!
 I never knew Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor in a drama.  he get $700k per episode!
 That is so much money, I mean he is a good actor, but still.  I enjoyed that show he was in and I enjoy dramas in general.
 i never watched House.  i didn't understand the draw to it at all.
 i see.  one of his students was ellie kemper from the office.
 Wow, small world I guess.  Did you also know that Michael Caine only joined drama class because of the girls.  Glad he did, he is a great actor.
 smart man.  also Jim Carey won't do dramas anymore because he will only play in movies that project positivity because of his beliefs.
 cool.  i like watching all kinds of shows on Netflix these days.  Netflix accounts for 33% of all internet traffic in North America from 9pm to midnight.
 true.  i love Netfilx.  Netflix and YouTube represent half of all internet traffic during peak hours.
 yeah and Blockbuster could have bought Netflix for $50M and declined the offer several times.
 Their mistake since the comapny is now woth 2 Billion!
 Interesting.  I didn't know that.  Funny because Netflix actually spends more money on postage than bandwidth.
 It is amazing what inspires people to start companies.  I didn't realize that Netflix actually sold DVDs at one time but abandoned it to focus on rentals.
 Yeah, apparently the boy from the shining, did not know he was acting in a horror film until several years later.
 Thats interesting. It would be pretty hard to do that film today with the internet and so much connectivity. 
 True. Speaking of the internet and computers, In 1936, the russians made a computer that ran on water.
 I wonder if it ran Windows 95 ever!
 Haha. Did you know that Smoking near apple computers voids the warranty by making it "a biohazard"?
 Apple would do that. Thats why I use Windows! 
 The current library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down! I wonder how they store it. 
 I'm not sure. There is internet service at the peak of Mt. Everest!
 Sure has. Internet use can cause addiction measurable in the brain. 
 If you ever go to the peak of mt. Everest there is 3g cell phone service waiting for you. 
 The Alexandria library keeps a saved copy of the internet just in case it burns down. 
 I did not think many people read the full terms when buying online, but only 7% do
 I do, people can suffer from addiction from clicking links on the internet. 
 Lets talk about computers next. the general computer on the space shuttle only has 1mb of ram. 
 Be careful not to smoke around an apple computer because it will void the warranty
 apple considered the computer a biohazard if you smoke around it, that is why the warranty is voided. 
 there are people called transhumanists that want to upload their minds to computers
 Someone used basic minecraft blocks to make a 16-bit computer. It was nice talking to you 
 I'm surprised Cell isn't mentioned, although the book was a lot better than the movie.
 Boy, these thieves are getting creative! Using a GPS to find the house of a gambler, then rob him!
 high tech thieves!
 Still, 2 million apps in a decade?  that was a lot of programming.
 One thing is sure, the automotive industry has advanced a lot there are more than 1.25 billion cars worldwide
 No, I didn't know that. Did you ever watch 3rd Rock From the Sun? It won a Golden Globe for best comedy.
 3rd rock from the sun beat out seinfeld, friends and frasier. That is surprising to me. I used to watch 3rd rock from the sun but never thought it was so funny.
 On another note, in music "the Dark side of the moon" was released 40 years ago, but still is a best seller in 2014
 Speaking of comedy and music, two identical Japanese twins released a rap album when they turned 100 years old.
 i'd like to hear that!  Do you like dogs?   They have doggy blood drives just like people :)  There are 12 doggy blood types.
 Elephants are smarter than they seem!
 That seems very productive! I wonder who started the rumor that dogs were color blind? They can see as many colors as we can.
 Good question.  Google prefers dogs to cats, but I'm not sure what that practically means.
 haha  The prime minister of Australia's position isn't in the constituion and exists only through custom.  So why do they even have one then?  lol
  It has been 37 years since a comedy won the academy award for best picture.
 apparently this guys album was debuted at No. 1 on iTunes' comedy albums chart
 That's pretty cool. I didn't realize Drew Carey was in the Marines for 8 years and that's where he started telling jokes. 
 It was funny! The early comedy cinema joke of slipping on a banana peel was a reference to slipping in horse manure.
 Gross! you can listen to free music too! June 15 Of Tomorrow Galloway Street and South Dakota Avenue NE; Fri., 6-8 p.m., free. D.C.-based band Of Tomorrow blends a variety of styles - rock, funk, reggae, hip-hop, soul and more - into a cohesive whole.
 That's neat. I like music. Did you know that Aerosmith made more money from guitar hero than any album?
 That sounds cool! Led zeppelin decided not to title their fourth album, to confuse the hated rock press.
 Haha. Evan almighty is the most expensive comedy ever made, with a budget of $200 million!
 I don't think I ever saw it! "the empire strikes back' was nominated by the writers guild of america for its best comedy award in 1981.
 The green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black. I would have loved to see that!
 That's hard to believe with how popular they were! Thanks for chatting! 
 Did you know Astronaunts vote in space? I'm am watching a rocket on Nasa Live right now getting ready to launch in 48 minutes!! 
 lol, Too bad Japan have to give cheaper cups instead of the silver ones with so many healthy people living to 100!
 LOL.  I wouldn't. That is odd.
 Indian government do it for a single voter!! Crazy
 I can only assume it is due to convictions.  Looking the government of Australia  i did not know that the PM  was a custom not a constitutional position
 Could be.  Hard to believe US astronauts can submit their votes from outer space.  Hopefully those  radio storms from Jupiter do not interfere.
 That is quite a few.     I wonder how many referred to the joke of slipping on a banana peel?
 Maybe.   The theatrical genre of Greek comedy can be described as a dramatic performance
 Yes.    Did you know Dogs can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps.
 Not sure.   Dogs do have 'eureka moments' and enjoy the experience of solving a problem in order to obtain a reward.
 Yes.    It has always amazed me how Dogs drink with the underside of their tongue
 What that would have been a crazy movie.  Jack Black loves dogs more than cats just like Google
 huh thats cool, I guess he wrote the score for his films like Million dollar baby and did a jazz score
 I'll have to check that out, apparently their orchestra is topping the charts right now!
 ya I heard that Creed underperformed at a concert and got sued! 
 thats impressive, and ya theyve been touring for 20 years, they're really old!
 ya I liked the movie, shocking that its recommended reading for the us military
 What is crazier is that in India people vote in a forest full of lions
 Wow, I never knew that, kinda funny,I wonder if that applies to internet radio too, they have sites where you can listen to classic radio dramas
 Thats surprising. During WWII in Japan soldiers would make radio antennas using a razor blade and a pencil 
 That would be so cool to watch. There's even a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition and functional programs have jazz like harmonies. Very cool.
 Yes I love love concerts. I wish I saw Lincoln Park play because they played over 300 concerts in 2001 alone.
 Wow that is a lot. They must've been good unlike Creed who is so bad that for concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.
 Agreed. Wow I could never read that fast! Another book suggested by the military is enders game so I guess I need to add that to the list too.
 Oh, I think I've seen that but I don't have it.
 That is funny. Apparently pilgrims only wore black on holidays. I had no idea.
 Not that often though I do enjoy it. I find it funny that the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history. I would have totally changed the rules if I were him, haha.
 In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is a college football or basketball coach. Doubt that applied to Naismith though...
 Nice! It's also on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches.
 Right, that's what I think! So much has changed in what society finds acceptable. For example, the Romans thought wearing pants was a sign of barbarism.
 I know, they missed out on that!
 Awww, that's scary!  I have only had good experiences with them. Interesting dogs and elephants are the only animal that understands pointing! Who knew?
 I could see that about dogs, but elephants as well? That's surprising! I also didn't know they weren't color blind, it's just they just can't quite distinguish as many colors as humans can.
 I was thinking they were. Good to know they can see some color. Google prefers dogs to cats.
 Yeah! It's even in their code of conduct! I wonder how cat lovers feel and whether or not they can take their pets to work.
 That was in Istanbul! No, but isn't having a $40 late fee inspiring to start a business!
 Oh I see, I thought it was a Google thing. $40 in late fees is a little excessive but I'm glad that Reed Hastings started Netflix! Like Amazon started from a bookstore, it has now morphed into a behemoth where workers have to walk between 7 and 15 miles each days as part of their shift!
 I wonder how many members have gym memberships with that amount of physical activity daily! Wow, that's an impressive clock, sounds like Bezos may be developing a never-aging drug behind the scenes or something.
 Oh, that's good. I haven't tried it yet. Great to spend $27.95 and get a building names after you. Good chat!!
 I know a little about the Banjo.     I know that they are actually quite versatile instruments.
 No worries.     Perhaps Eddie Van Halen is more your speed?    He played on "Beat It!"
 Yeah, more a rock and roll person, you're right.  I don't get the whole smashing of guitars though.  Maybe once or twice on the spur of the moment, but not all the time.
 Matthew Ballamy of Muse holds the guinness world record for most guitars smashed on a tour!
 Yeah, but who holds the record for smashing banjos on tour?  That must add up over the course of a tour, I wonder if he regrets it? 
 Too true.    I wonder if Van Halen ever tried using a coin as a pick.
 Thanks for the chat!   I think I'm going to go put on the Pakistan jazz orchestra that is topping the charts.
 I don't play any instruments. I flunked the recorder test. I stink. Banjos are cool. I had no idea that there were different types of banjos!
 I can't believe that Brian May of Queen has a phd in astrophysics.
 I just thought it was interesting. That is what I heard too. I think it is pretty cool that UNICEF will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. I wonder how they know?
 Nice! I'm not sure what kind of jazz I like...definitely not the elevator music type, haha. Jazz legend Louis Armstrong knocked off the Beatle's three month streak on the  Billboard hot 100 in 1964.
 There is music all around us I guess. A dial tone is in the key of f so it is a good trick to tune your guitar.
 What a talented guy! You know who else was talented? Tupac. In the Baltimore School of Arts he studied ballet, acting poetry and jazz.
 That would be exciting for me to watch! I wish I would have been able to see the great Ella Fitzgerald too. By age 18 she had taught herself to sing two notes at a time.
 Me either honestly. Maybe jazz will continue to evolve from there. As jazz spread around the world it drew on different national, regional and local musical cultures.
 Yeah I wish I could play! Maybe I should make one, like Brian may of Queen did!
 Neat! I might just buy a guitar though. The Paul Gibson es-175 seemed to be a winner. Since its debut in 1949, it has never gone out of production.
 67 milliion! that is way too much money for a pair of pants
 Yeah, I use Amazon a lot.  It has come a long way since being an online bookstore.
 Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon is a genius, he built a clock that will run for as long as human history has lasted so far!
 Yeah.  Imagine the health benefits Amazon warehouse workers get from all the walking they do on their job.
 Amazon has made some strides towards being devoted to the customer.  Having a contract with USPS so that packages can be delivered on Sunday is great.
 Yes I use it-so many good things to watch! Apparently back in the day Blockbuster declined to buy Netflix for $50 million and now netflix is worth 2 billion and Blockbuster is no more! who would have thought!
 Yes amazon is pretty amazing too! Youtube also though can't forget about them!. Netflix and Youtube make up half of the internet traffic in North america!
 Oh wow Amazon is very influential in India. It's amazing that Jeff Bezos, the founder of amazon, built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years
 Yes that is very amazing. I have never been to India but would like to visit someday. Have you heard of the IMDB website? They rate movies and apparently Amazon has owned them since 1998 which I didn't know!
 its really? i don't know that. IMDB is owned by Amazon??
 Oh that's terrible! Dogs can be great companions. Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottle. Cool idea.
 Oh very interesting. I would have to agree with them because i am the same! I wonder why people have always said dogs are color blind? They definitely can see colors, although not as many as us.
 Dogs also understand when you point at something and apparently elephants understand that concept too!
 Hi, I'm good. I was just thinking about how spoiled I am. I have Netflix, media services headquartered in Ca. It's a subscription. Have you heard of it?
 Oh, nice! Netflix has 127 million subscribers! People almost everywhere can get it. Initially it was a DVD rental via mail.
 That's crazy! I saw that from 9pm-12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all network bandwidth throughout America.
 I have heard that too. Along with Youtube together they make up 1/2 of peak internet traffic in north america.
 That's a lot! Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth which is interesting.
 I agree. So, in other thoughts I have been thinking about dogs. It amazes me that the dog is related to wolves. In fact the dog and wolf are ancestors. 
 I love dogs. I can't believe there are 12 different blood types for dogs.
 Yes, amazing. Dogs are also not colorblind, they just can not see as many colors as humans can.
 I always thought they were colorblind so that's interesting and good to know.
 I have ordered things too. It started as a bookstore. 
 Did you know IMDB has been owned by Amazon since 1998?
 No, I did not.Holy cow! The first Amazon customer had a building named after him, but only spent $27.95!
 She is such a good actress! Apparently IMDB started out on usenet which was a listing of actresses with beautiful eyes lol.
 Wow interesting. The highest ranked film is Shawshank Redemption but it only grossed 3 million more than it's budget! Surprising.
 Agreed. Yes binge watching can be time consuming! Together with youtube they account for half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 It may be one of the best things to watch.  I'm surprised IMDB started on Usenet as a listing of actresses with beautiful eyes,  Humble beginnings...
 He just rants about all the people he hates, primarily Trump, with numerous expletives. I can't believe Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in N. AMerica...
 His name is Ian Boyd. He is a guard at George Mason. Guess he is really good at buzzer beaters
 Did they call Kareem Abdul-Jabar Dr Dunk? For a time, his dunks were illegal.
 I wonder if it will be as good or make as much money as the old one. its the highest grossing basketball film
 A janitor from chicago wrote a 15,145 page fantasy. Maybe they can ask him for help
 Do you play fantasy?  I hear people fantasy draft spelling bees lol I always thought it was just sports lol 
 No,  I unfortunately do not keep up with sports much,  except snowboarding lol 
 That is a lot of bandwidth. They have 137 million subscribers worldwide. That's a lot.
 It is a lot. Do you know how netflix started?
 A great investment. And now youtube and netflix together make up half of peak traffic in north america
 I am really thinking abut that too, because I mean it seems like everything is online with them.
 I really do not think so. 
 They are worth $2B so they must be doing something right!
 Yup. How about genres, do you like Sci-fi?
 yeah, I do too. Apparently nasa has a list of terms that writers can use when writing scripts
 Have you ever read starship troopers? It seems like a strange book to be recommended.
 Yeah it is good and it is also recommended by three out of five branches of the us military
 Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a drama?
 I am not surprised, His show House was so popular
 Well it did cost them everything.  They could be reaping the rewards but who knows if they would have had the forethought to create over 126 original series and movies
 Aristotle is some heavy stuff.  I find it interesting that because of a $40 late free on Apollo 13, Reed Hastings was inspired to start NetflixAst
 No I thought it was Italian too.  I will have to wait til I am in the mood, seems to be a honest portrayal.  I can't imagine trying to raise her bosses 4 kids, and then also find the time to take care of your own kids too
 Yeah it seems they have been racking up tons of debt trying to get new content, in the realm of 21.9 billion
 Got to get past their content reviewers.  Apparently Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth, especially considering stamps are .50 cents now.
 Yeah I know. And it makes up 98.86% of the mass in our universe
 Did you know that the sunset on Mars is blue? I'd like to see that
 I would love to see that. But I wouldn't like to get struck by lightning as it is 5x hotter than the sun!
 Yeah I would need to confirm it with google! But apparently the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of our planet for 500,000 years. Almost unbelievable as well.
 Very surprising. Especially since the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our gaaxy.
 I recently learned that in 1975, the USSR sent a spacecraft to Venus. 
 Did you know the Sun doesn't rotate as a solid body?
 Earth actually has alternative names. Gaia, Tellus and Telluris
 true, thinking of drama, jim carrey wont make dramas anymore because they do not project positivity
 funny, and jon hamm once taught high school drama, and erin from the office was one of his students
 I listen to the radio a lot, especially when in the car.  The one fact that always boggles my mind is the ventriloquism used to be popular on the radio, I could do that.
 Wasn't it based on his memories growing up in Mexico City in the 1970's?
 It really is. Blockbuster even declined several offers to buy netflix for 50 million dollars, and now it is worth 2 billion dollars!
 I'll have to look into that at some point! Do you like watching dramas?
 That is neat. I love it that Tim Duncan of the Spurs stayed in college 4 years instead of going into the nba. That is unheard of today!
 He is pretty amazing. He was the star of the golden state warriors in 201. 
 He is that good! Curry is currently signed with Under Armour because Nike had such a bad pitch. 
 Yeah I agree. The internet can be so addictive. Science has actually supported that clicking on many different, new links online can produces effects in your brain similar to addiction! How often do you go online?
 Yeah I've heard that album is the best selling album of the 21st Century.
 Can you believe that NWA's album Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the band going on tour?
 It certainly gained the attention it needed. I am surprised that two identical twins aged 100 put out a rap album in 1992.
 I guess its never too late to follow your dream that must be a funny thing to watch though I wonder if they made a musical video of one of their songs. 
 If they did it would be fun to see. I wonder if they'll get recognition like Tupac. His music is in the Library of Congress as having cultural significance.
 A true legend. Eminem's dream before he became a rapper was to be a comic book artist. I'd love to see any of his art.
 Oh, I never knew that! I'll have to re-watch it now that I know. Isn't is crazy that a MI judge gave a ruling in a trial against Eminem in the version of a rap?
 I'm not sure. It was a long time ago, in 2001. So who know what the rules were?
 Yea but 800,000 and 52 million lump sum Iverson gets seems a little below average compared to the shoe deals Lebron James and MJ made
 Yea, what's even more crazy is he's apparently the 5th highest paid player on the Warriors
 Yea, the 2015 season mvp, the best player in the league isn't even the best paid player on his own team lol
 Yes I agree with you. Do you ever listen to Tupac Shakur or Eminem by the way? Eminem's favorite superhero when he was growing up with Spider-Man haha I don't know why I know that
 Haha that's a good point. Maybe she wanted to speak his language LOL have you ever watched a diss Battle Before? Where rappers diss each other? well in Korea they have raps called compliment battles lol they should start that here
 Yep I think you're right. Have You Ever Seen The Rugrats Movie by the way? Apparently Busta Rhymes does a voice in it
 No it's a band actually. They lost their rights to their old record label, and so they just remade all their songs on the new one LOL that's really smart
 Me too... Do you have any by Linkin Park?  "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling of the 21st century. 
 Nope.  I also haven't heard the two 100-year-old identical twins in Japan do their rap in 1992.
 Nope.  I think it's wild that Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before a rapper.
 Well, our current culture will be know for all of its expletives.  Korean rappers have invented a new form of rap called "compliment battle".
 Yeah the internet really is amazing, it's shocking that the Library of Alexandria actually runs a backup of the internet in case it ever goes down, that must be a huge file LOL
 I can't imagine how much storage space that would take!
 But they also threatened to sue the Simpsons so that the Simpsons wouldn't parody its anti-democratic party agenda. I guess it's a love hate relationship.
 It's super popular too, watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Yeah that is pretty nuts.  I just got a call on my phone - its crazy we can call overseas and the cables to get there are only 2.7 inches in diameter!
 Yeah, now an iphone has more computing power than the whole us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Yeah, 212 is the fastest to dial apparently on the rotary phone
 Yes. There are stars that are so cold that we could touch them if we could get close enough.
 Yes, you're right. It's impossible to measure the spatial size of the whole universe. Wonder how big it actually is!
 Yea, that's crazy! NBA players have the highest average salary in sports
 Roughly 30 years ago, nba legend spencer haywood chose $100,000 upfront over a 10% stake in nike. had he accepted the original offer, his holdings in nike would be worth a whopping $8.62 billion.
 Lol, I'd be mad if that happened to me, especially since Curry was the 2015 mvp
 Awesome!  Did you know Air travel is up to 10% slower than it was in the 1960s in order to save on fuel costs
 Yet fox news is still watched more than cnn and msnbc combined
 That's crazy. It's crazy how much trouble people on news networks get into, like Tom Brokaw from NBC News
 That's insane. Apparently there are stars cold enough to be touched by a human hand in the universe
 I mostly listen to rock but I like rap and pop as well. Did you know that Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century? I find that very surprising. 
 It is a shame. But that means they sold more than any Beatles album which is crazy to me. I don't think it has nearly the staying power.
 That's hilarious. Ours was a German shepherd, so I know they had it in them!
 Have a good one!
 Haha anything is possible I guess. Have you seen the movie Green Lantern with Ryan Reynolds? It was originally supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black
 I agree I love Seinfeld. I just got back into it recently and watched all the episodes. It is so awesome. I can't believe third Rock From the Sun won the Golden Globe instead of seinfeld
 Haha that's a good point. Do you know who Jim Dale is? I guess he did the Harry Potter audio books and head to play like three hundred different voices
 HA! I loved that show. I still gigle when I see it. I loved his cross dressing brother... I just found out he was in fargo too! I had not seen it before this week.
 Are you serious? I had no clue he served...
 I know. Did you know Green Latern was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black?
 That was a funny movie but I have not seen it in a long time, but I might try reading one of these books maybe 
  do like them but I prefer fiction, I wonder if the game of thrones would worth a listen. If a person can do 224 voices it must worth a listen.
 I would love a self driving car! Did you Know that Mcdonalds invented the drive thru for servicemen who were not supposed to get out of their car wearing fatigues?
 Its in the article under factual car
 Okay, I also learned that audi developed a stronger horn for the Indian market
 No I did not
 Did you know the inventor of the dial telephone was an undertaker who was convinced telephone operators were re-routing his calls to rival businesses?
 That's paranoia for ya!  No, I didn't know that, though.  The one thing I have always thought was interesting, though, was that all international communication travels over only a few underwater phone lines that just sit on the ocean floor.
 That is crazy how they just sit on the ocean floor. Did you know dolphins will communicate with one another over a telephone and appear to know who they are talking to?
 I've heard that as well. There is a luxury phone maker that hires the London symphony orchestra to record it's ringtones.
 I think it sounds excessive too. 1930's actress Hedy Lamarr helped to invent the cellphone, wi-fi, and GPS. 
 It doesn't say. There is almost no correlation between cell phone connection quality and bars of service. 
 Did you know if you could fold a piece of paper in half 103 times it would be as thick as the observable universe.
 Surprisingly, folding it that many times would make it 10 nonillion  sheets thick.  
 I am shocked myself. The universe may exist inside of a black hole.
 i like watching series on televisioion
 yes and so many people are turning 100 there had to find a way to make cheaper cups.
 thats funny!. do you know what the  term costume was traditionally used for ?
 yes and panda researchers wore panda costumes to woek.
 have a great day
 They have almost 800 episodes. I would never be able to catch up haha I also used to watch that 70s Show. I guess they tried to remake it in the UK and it was canceled after only 10 episodes haha
 Haha that seems pretty crazy actually. I love to wear costumes for Halloween too. I guess scientists that study pandas will sometimes wear panda costumes haha
 That makes sense. Did you ever see the movie Starship Troopers? Apparently in the TV show Firefly they use the old costumes from that movie
 Yes, I loved George Carlin's voice, always so calm and reassuring.  He was a funny comedian, kind of dirty at times, but I liked him a lot.  I never got into Pokemon either, although there are like over 750 episodes!
 That's true, but he might have had a grand or great grandkid that really liked Thomas or something like that.  I find it hard to believe a Beatle would be hard up for money. lol
 I hear that didn't translate too well "across the pond", it got cancelled after just 10 episodes! lol
 Green Lantern?  Is that a comedy?  Never watched it.  Although they claim that Martian was a comedy.  Dont even understand that one. 
 I wonder what the Greeks would do with all the political humor that we have in the United States these days?  Since they used comedy to like of dislike opposing sides.
 Really? That is interesting! Good save! Hard to believe Earth has been around for over 4 billion years and we have not been hit by anything too tragic.
 Yeah it's pretty crazy 4.5 billion years is a long time and we're still here!
 Right!? Really crazy. Plus 71% of Earth is covered by water...it is just so amazing.
 It seems amazing that you can carry around movies on memory sticks now, we've gone from VHS, laser discs, DVD's to little plastics sticks.
 It wasn't very funny I don't think. Did you know Jack Black was originally going to be in the Green Lantern film?
 Me too. Did you know comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989?
 I do like it. I saw that it beat out Seinfeld, Frasier, and Friends for a Golden Globe once.
 I love listening to albums. Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory album is the best selling of the 21st century.
 There are two identical twins in Japan that released a rap album at 100 years old.
 That's a good one. Demetri Martin was accepted into Harvard law but choose comedy instead!
 That is pretty funny.   Ryan Stiles didnt even finish high school because he loved comedy so much
 That is pretty crazy.   But you never know - the universe could just be a giant super hologram
 I agree with you! I believe though, that an iPhone has more CPU power than the nuclear missile deterrent system, that seems really scary
 Nope I agree. I need to go to my grandma's house and try this out though. She has a bunch of old phone books and if you enter laugh the pages, apparently you cannot separate the two books after that
 Don't know how that theory works. but I do know that Elon Musk is really smart and he believes in the Hologram Theory LOL. I also want to find a star that I can touch with my hand that would be cool
 Nope it's the area code for New York, and they chose it because it was the fastest number you could dial back on an old rotary phone. We don't use those anymore, but the number stuck apparently
 Yep I agree with you. They were so weird to use haha. What scares me though is that an iPhone has more computing power than our nuclear deterrent system. Like how is that possible? You think that the military would have the latest technology
 Netflix started as an online DVD sales and rental service.
 Back to blockbuster, in 2000, netflix proposed to become the online service for the chain and were laughed out of the office.
 I try to go away, but I am still beaten by my garden gnome!    It was taken a year ago and has been dozens of places.
 I did not know that.     Ironic, since air travel is actually slower than it was in the 1960s.
 well, on Mackinac island there are no cars at all.
 Same here haha. I can't believe it all started because of a late fee!
 I think he did! Just think, blockbuster could have bought Netflix for 50 million dollars.
 I bet the blockbuster execs still cry themselves to sleep at night over it haha. Do you like to travel at all?
 I'm sure it would be worth it! I can't believe the dutch are designing a bus that goes 160 mph!
 I agree! You would probably see many animals since there are 20 quintillion individual animals on this earth!
 Haha how can you protect something that has yet to be seen lol. 
 That is very interesting! I'm going to go look up around when we lost our gills haha. It was great chatting, have a good night!
 I don't want that job either.  But someone and some people do not mind it.  That's why we found out the the estimated number of species.  7 million species is large.
 That and he probably owned a lot of land and also "slaves" which were considered assets back in the day. Crazy to think how far we've come, but one thing's for sure, no officer is allowed to outrank George Washington who was a six-star general. I wonder why that law came to be in the first place.
 Yeah, that's a good point and a good rule to have, without his contributions and leadership, the US definitely wouldn't be what it was today. He was loved by so many that he even received 100% of the electoral votes even though he was a bad public speaker, that's unheard of these days!
 Yeah, the only one, definitely impossible today. George Washington was not only known for chopping down the tree, he also had a dog and to much debate, dogs aren't color blind, they just cannot see as many different colors as humans can.
 Oh ok, thanks for clarifying, I wasn't too sure that animals could point much less elephants! Dogs perhaps, but I imagine it'll take a great effort for an elephant to do that. Google is a dog company, they even have it in their code of conduct!
 I recently learned that it was the fastest to dial.  I wonder why New York gets that lol 
 I also found out that an iphone has more power than the us nuclear icbm deterrent 
 I know that is pretty crazy,  and they just lay on the floor,  nothing is tied down.  That is very surprising that there are no curious fish to mess with it. 
 That is amazing,  a day of water to a child in need for every min you dont use your phone.  
 I always thought dogs are color blind but they arent,  they just cant see as many colors as we can. 
 I agree.  Page-Kirby seems to agree to saying that "Broken Road" is bad because it goes nowhere. 
 Yes, one would get sued for that now.  Did you know the Tower of Babel is a real thing in Iraq?
 I had read that somewhere.  How cool.
 It's also interesting that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the Bible, cutting out the supernatural parts I guess he didn't like?
 I know that's kind of odd he would do that?
 Yep. Then again, Abe Lincoln, was a wrestler that lost only once in 300 matches?  Wow, I can't picture that...
 I think I'll pass on that too.  Lol Now, maybe if their women did that, well that might be different. That's wild about the flamethrowers, must have a serious carjacking problem.
 Yeah, that was nice of them and looked how it transformed the fast food industry.  I would have thought it was older than that though.
 And to think it was all started over a $40 late fee.
 My brother-in-law keeps telling me it's true.  I guess Thomas Jefferson was a little skeptical of the Bible, cutting out the supernatural parts!
 He really is great at everything. Gene Wilder should have shown a little faith. He refused to watch the remake of Willy Wonka because he didn't want to be disappointed in Johnny Depp.
 Me too. I like that a bunch of Johnny Depp movies are available on Netflix. Just watching Netflix and youtube makes up half of internet traffic in North America.
 And blockbuster could have bought them for $50 million, which is a lot more than a $40 late fee but a lot less than the $2 billion it is worth now.
 It is amazing to think that Netflix spends more on postage than bandwidth. I don't know anyone who does the mail subscription anymore.
 That's crazy! I love how useful they can be. There's actually 12 different blood types for dogs, and they can even donate blood.
 I didn't know that! That's interesting, especially because I'm sure he never saw phones becoming as powerful as they are now. An iPhone has more computing power than the US nuclear ICBM deterrent!
 I didn't! That definitely changes the way I'm going to look at them from now on. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a great night!
 Wow that's impressive! Did you realize that airplanes travel 10% slower these days? They do it to save fuel but you also get to your destination slower
 Yes I don't know! Hopefully he had a good time though. Have you ever used Airbnb before? Apparently there is a version of that but for sleeping on couches
 Sure, I used Airbnb a lot. Did you use this couch surfing website?
 Yes I think so. One interesting thing that people would do when they traveled back in the age of Discovery, was they would put rabbits on the islands that they visited. That way future discovers would be able to eat the rabbits when they landed
 It's very interesting! I didn't know. It's easy to guess that a few rabbits means a few dozens of rabbits in short time. I'm wondering how people travel in Iceland: they don't have public rail service and just take local flights between cities.
 by the way, do you watch movies with superhero? Who is your favorite?
 Yes I think so! I am kind of tired of superhero movies though, they are going to have released about 30 of them between the years 2016 and 2020, that's too many
 Yes I think so, although like I said my favorite superhero is Batman, and someone wrote a book about how you could become a real life Batman, that sounds kind of interesting actually
 You too and make sure not to watch too many superhero movies, like I said there are so many coming out that I feel overwhelmed!
 Yea, it's also ridiculous that people in Korea actually believe Kim Jong Un learned to drive at age 3 
 Yea, Carlin had awesome stand up, surprised he voice Thomas the Tank Engine for 52 episodes
 Yes very cool. The term drama is Greek in origin and means action.
 Yes in some ways it can. Michael Caine is a positive actor I feel. He got into acting for the pretty girls!
 Good question. Maybe so. I love The Office and there have been several guests on the show who bring their dog! I love animals. There are about 20 quintillion animals on earth!
 Yes so true. To put it into a different perspective, that is 7 million animal species.
 It's interesting that Kim has certain things that scare him even though he is a powerful leader. In example, he cuts his own hair because he's got a fear of barbers. Strange!
 I guess being a dictator like that causes one to be very paranoid.  Nobody knows his age either, which is odd as well.
 It could be.  Considering both Kim Jong-un and his father's love of film, I'm surprised they haven't invested more on their own film industry today.
 Holy cow! That's a lot of money! I do like dramas though. I know the term soap opera originated from such dramas being typically sponsored by soap manufacturers in the past.
 Seriously? Why is he refusing to do drama?
 Wow! That is a lot of animals! Did you know that animals have dominant "paw" or side, just like humans?
 Oh that is weird. Now I'm going to have to look and see if my dog has one.
 Oh, that's interesting. I wonder what their rights are? I know in Switzerland there's a lawyer who represents animals in court.
 It was a lot of money then and it is still a lot of money now.
 No wonder I have not seen his work lately.  I thought he was just retired and it had nothing to do with his beliefs.
 It was funny, wasn't it?  Maybe he did not even realize that he could become a very good actor.
 Used to be a High School Drama teacher actually, and you're right one of his students was a future member of the TV show The Office
 Or the relationship between Canada and Russia: During the brisbane g20 summit, when putin shook the canadian prime minister's hand, the latter said "i guess i'll shake your hand, but i have only one thing to say to you. you need to get out of ukraine."
 I don't know.  Sounds like that makes more sense.  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more supposedly because of his belief in making movies projecting positivity
 Jon hamm taught drama at his old high school interestingly and had ellie kemper as a student
 Sounds like fun! Especially war of the worlds would be interesting.
 Wow, I wonder what rights those were?  There are only about 20 qunitillion individual animals on planet earth
 I wonder who made that rule.  In animal facts they think that hiccups are from evolution when early land animals had gills and lungs.  I wonder how that works?
 Yes, interesting.  Most plants and animals synthesize vitamin c but humans whose gene is defective.  I didn't know that.
 Wonder where the body hair went?  Humans use tools more than any species and only we can build fires
 Good morning. The internet is awesome and I can see why people can get addicted to it.
 Yeah for sure. There's even Internet capabilities at the peak of Mount Everest.
 That's hard to believe. The space station has faster internet than most American's do at home.
 LOL....I wonder how that works.
 I did not know that and I work in IT.
 I did not know that. I am one of the ones that does not. 
 I too am guilty LOL. Do you like to travel much? The first king to travel around the world was king kalakaua of Hawaii!
 I love to travel. I didn't even know there was a king of Hawaii back in the day.
 Possibly lol. That's a lot of superheroes. I saw air travel is actually 10% slower today than it was back in the 1960's in order to save on fuel costs.
 Yes it is LOL. Well I would think we'd be able to get places faster not slower. Maybe fuel is more expensive. People in Mackinac Island don't need to worry about fuel because they travel by horse drawn carriage is her bikes.
 I want to visit Mackinac Island. 
 Yet sounds like a really cool place. I also want to visit Japan but it seems like car travel would be expensive as it cost more than $300 to travel across the country due to highway tolls.
 That's a lot of money just to travel the country. 
 Yes it is. It must be cheaper to travel by air! Thats how they travel in Iceland!
 Can you believe Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before rapping?
 HIs voice really stands out, so I am surprised I never noticed it before.  
 I'm surprised as well. What else surprises me is there was a judge in Michigan who delivered her ruling in a rap form while trying a suit filed against Eminem. I bet that was hialrious. Nice to know some judges have a sense of humor!
 I bet he had a good laugh. I'd imagine that judge is a celebrity like Judge Judy now. Speaking of Judy, can you believe she's the highest paid celebrity behind LeBron, making $123k per episode? That is unbelievable!
 That's interesting. I read that no one knows how old he is. Bizarre!
 The satire group The Onion voted him Sexiest Man Alive. Haha
 Oh boy! Spain is the only country that has been a permanent guest at every g20 summit. 
 I'm not.  I respect the sport.  I do know that Canada is the only country with 2 national sports: lacrosse and ice hockey
 Funny how in1993 a hockey player was traded for $1 and won 4 Stanley cups!
 I guess it made him mad and motivated!  Wow, an average pro hockey player loses 8 pounds in a game! Is it all the padding and stuff?
 Do you know why NY area code is 212?  It's easier to dial on a rotary phone.
 Who would take the time to do that?  It's scary that an iPhone has more computing power than the US ICBM nuclear deterrent?! 
 That is impressive. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell. Guess no children are getting water! haha
 That's good of them.  Funny, cables for phones and internet that cross the ocean are rather small.  Only 2.7 inches in diameter.  Must be fiber-optic...
 Probably! Did you know in 2013 when google went down for 5 minutes it took 40% of web traffic with it?
 It takes more computing power for one Google search that it did for the 1st Apollo moon mission.  Wow!
 Funny how Google handles maps with disputed borders.  One gets the favored version depending on where the browser request came from.  Thanks for the chat!
 Isn't crazy the the Patriots won the 6th time???
 Mine is the Celtics! That's true they do make a lot of endorsement money. Spencer Haywood actually once took $100,000 over a 10% deal with Nike, what a mistake!
 At the same time, I feel like they should put money above everything! Like Stan Van Gundy got fined for saying the league shouldn't have games on Christmas. Seems that they can lose money over anything
 Maybe, he has a family. You don't know. However, he can go back to his family after the game. There are people who think about money, but there are others who want to pursue a career to enjoy the rest of their lives.
 No clue! Baseball has a lot of wild things happen. Once there was actually a 17 year old female pitcher, but she got banned after striking out Babe Ruth AND Lou Gehrig back to back.
 What are your thoughts in the World Series. I guess the World Series began in 1903. the winner is the team who does the best-of-seven games
 Yep that's true. Very strange the Women's World Cup head higher television ratings than the entire world series of the United States. But I guess the whole world is watching the World Cup
 Yeah I'm curious why the Japanese like it so much, it's also interesting that in Canada they don't have kickball, they call it soccer baseball LOL
 LOL well at least it's interesting knowledge, what do you think about the World Series? Like I said I'm really not a fan of baseball but it is interesting that the last time the Cubs won the World Series the Ottoman Empire was still a thing
 Yep I agree that's crazy! I think it's weird to that women's soccer has higher television ratings than the World Series LOL I don't know who watches soccer because I don't
 Yep that was really smart! Do you think that you would shoot granny style in the NBA? Apparently scientists say it's the best way to shoot the ball
 Yeah he's definitely not going to be hurting for money LOL. I think it's interesting that Tim Duncan didn't just go into the NBA immediately, he finished his degree, he probably lost some money unfortunately on that
 Same here. That makes a lot of sense though but I wonder how good they'd actually be. Ha! I can't believe that the Japanese baseball fans were surprised to learn baseball is America's national pastime! 
 Same here. I need to go explore some attics. Ha! But can you believe a married couple are the two who scheduled all 2430 MLB games each year for 24 years up until 2005?
 No, I hadn't heard about that.
 Cool!  Although I did jus find out that the managers wear uniforms because technically they are able to play for their teams if the need arises.
 The International Olympic Committee banned the OAR from South Korea unless they were individual competitors who proved they were clean
 Well the band got more publicity due to that.  They did collaborate on a Duracell battery ad for the 2012 London Olympics
 In 1993 a hockey player was traded for $1 and won four stanley cups
 Did you hear that Unicef donates a day of clean water to children in need if you don't use your cell phone.  It donates per minute of nonuse
 google searches need more computing power than sending neil armstrong and 11 other astronauts to the moon.
 When google went down in 2013 for 5 minutes it took 40% of traffic with it
 That is genius.  But they must have some geniuses to be so successful.  They saved some money probably using goats.
 Yes I really like music. I even like Katy Perry, her real last name was Hudson though which is weird
 That's a good question! Also interesting that she pursued gospel music when she was just a teenager, and has received 11 Grammy nominations but never won
 No it doesn't make any sense, but at least Russell Brand was eligible for 20 million dollars from the divorce, but turned it down, I guess he's a nice guy in that sense
 Pretty weird in my opinion haha, have you ever heard of Katy Perry's song ET? Originally meant to be performed by Three 6 Mafia apparently
 Yeah I didn't know that either, it's also interesting that Walt Disney has the record for most Academy Awards for one man, 22
 Well what is crazy is that Eminem has a lot of oscars actually, more than Johnny Depp Leonardo DiCaprio, Will Smith George Lucas, and Bill Murray combined!
 hahaha! Nice segway.  I'm not really surprised that show didn't translate to the UK.
 I had no idea Three's Company was a remake.  Now I want to see the British one - maybe I can find that online??
 haha only at parties, did you know that Bruce Lee actually won a cha cha championship? He was a great dancer
 haha I like that, ballet dancers go through pain too, a professional can actaully go through 4 pairs of shoes a week
 haha I agree with you, do you like Michael Jackson though? He actually patented his extreme leaning device that he uses on stage
 haha no I agree, did you ever listen to Tupac? hes a hardcore rapper but apparently he did ballet in high school, thats unexpected!
 Maybe, its mother dies in the movies, children don't like to know that. But children don't know anything about horror, the actor that played the kid in the shining did not even know that he was in an horror film. . 
 haha, well I need to watch more to lose some weight! also I guess you will appreciate abstract art more after watching a horror movie, which is interesting
 lol you're right, japan is small and it would cost $300 to travel across the country, who knows what it would cost here!
 ah that is a cool idea, did you know that Bruce Lee was actaully a great dancer?
 No, I did not kow that. So Michael Jackson was famous for dancing. The first moonwalk was actually performed by tap dancer Bill Bailey in 1955 though.
 wow that is cool, and ya Bruce Lee won the Cha Cha championship in the year he performed
 yes I did watch that show that sounds fun! Have you ever played music around a baby? apparently they will dance to the beat haha
 I don't know who she is but she did the funky chicken and robot dance at the audition for Daenerys Targaryen.
 ah weird, and yup I could see her doing that, did you know a ballet dancer can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week?
 No, I have not! Did you know inception was meant to be a horror film?
 no but I could see that, the concept is scary, and ya he considers bambi to be his first horror movie he saw haha
 That is funny! ET was also supposed to be a horror film.
 didn't know that, whats cool is you can burn like 200 cals when watching a horror movie, I need to watch more and lose weight!
 The movie scream was supposed to be called scary movie.
 Yeah I watched the first season. It was cancelled because it was supposedly failing, however that is only if it is compared to its peak. It was still pulling in nine million viewers before it was cancelled which is a good amount.
 Same here. She apparently is the only artist to tie Michael Jacksons record of 5 billboard number 1 singles from 1 album.
 She has received 11 grammy nominations and has never won. That is surprising to me.
 That is messed up. I did not know her real name was Katy Hudson.
 Same. Good question. She actually dated the singer of relient k. I used to listen to them a lot.
 Same here. Did you know Homer Simpson held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes?
 I didn't know that! I really like Bart. There is only one episode where he doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.
 Yeah, I wonder! Maybe the actress who plays him was sick or maybe they just did it for the kicks.
 I was shocked to hear that Eminem had so many awards
 I've only seen it a few times, but it was good the few times I've seen it. 
 I've seen it. I stopped watching a long time ago though. 
 I bet. They have to pay the celebrities a lot. Do you know how much? 
 $25 Million 
 They were worried that because Kelly Clarkson was on the voice that they wouldn't get the ratings
 Interesting! So she's on and not her father? 
 Yes I'm not sure how that all worked out. It's kind of exhausting to think about. Zimmerman even made a threat to Jay-Z apparently
 I agree with you. It's interesting that Jay-Z's real name is Shawn Corey Carter, I never knew that
 They must. I think its hilarious that he named one of his albums "Kingdom Come", and hada song about Superman.
 My favorite is actually Tupac. I think it's awesome that his music is in the Library of Congress.
 I'm not sure did it change? I just know that when he was a kid his favorite superhero with Spider-Man, I definitely would not have guessed that
 Haha yes Busta Rhymes did the voice for Reptar, which is the dinosaur in that movie
 Yea, it's interesting that Jay z, dmx, busta rhymes, and notorious big went to the same high school
 I have always liked him and the fact that he doesn't have to be super trashy in his songs to make a good song. I was surprised to learn he went to school with DMX and Busta Rhymes and the Notorious BIG
 Yeah it's super funny that he had a rap battle in the lunchroom. Seems like something straight out of a movie!
 Lol I could totally see that. and I had no idea that California girls was an answer to empire state of mind. Its funny sometimes the things they battle over. 
 I was unaware of how violent he was. That is suprising. 
 It's amazing that recent inventions like the iPhone can have so much memory and computing power?
 Hey did you know that no woman has ever been nominated for the Academy Awards for best cinematography?
 I'm not sure, I just know that it's the only Oscar category that has never nominated a female.
 That's pretty cool. And speaking of dramatic actors, apparently Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because he only believes in acting in movies that project positivity.
 I know.. it's a really sad statistic and humans are to blame. If the Earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, we'd only represent 1 minute and 17 secs.
 It's amazing how the Earth interacts with other objects in space, especially the moon and the sun! Great chat!
 I have heard that he is a very well paid actor. That he gets paid a very large a mount of money per episodes, sometimes I think that they loose the respect for money on cases like this
 to be honest I always thought that it was a man made gas. It is very surprising how humans are able to figure out all of this things without being there or even exist
 I think he's great in comedies. Not sure if I remember any of his dramas.
 I heard it is $700000 per episode, making him the highest paid actor ever in tv drama.
 He wanted to be in class with the prettiest girls. Well, guess it worked out for him!
 He is a cinematographer that never won an academy award but was nominated 13 times!
 That seems like it would be painful! Gavin free is a cinematographer who is best known for his work on YouTube but also worked on a lot of slow motion cinematography 
 Wow. It's the only oscar category that hasn't had a female contender. I wonder why.
 Haha, I wonder why Kubrick kept the cinematographer on. When an academy award was won, it went to the credited cinematographer.
 No, I did not know about that. Turns out his mixed race marriage was illegal till it was legalized in 1948.
 Hello - how are you today?
 Yes they have. Stephen Fry narrated the little big planet, hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, and Harry Potter for their video games. 
 For sure. Tom Hanks brother does Woody's voice in the Toy Story video game and also on the merchandise that is voice activated. 
 Thats surprising I thought it was Tom Hanks himself.
 That's what I thought too. I guess he only does the movie. 
 Also surprising that Ringo, Alec baldwin and George Carlin narrated thomas the tank for a number of episodes
 That's pretty cool. My son loves Thomas. Did you know it's illegal for kids under 16 in South Korea to play video games past midnight? 
 I had heard that somewhere. Strange stuff
 Very strange law. It has been calculated that we play three billion hours of video games a week as a planet. 
 I bet they are. The US Department of Defense used 1760 playstation 3's to build a supercomputer
 For sure. Playstation 3 was used to research black holes. 
 Its amazing what they can do with video games. Terrific graphics
 Yes, it seems to have some interesting predicaments like standing lookout for each other while doing something else like pilfering a screwdriver.
 It seems like you have your choice of character. That's interesting.
 Yeah.  Did you know Tom Hanks has a brother that does Woody's voice in video games and other merchandise? 
 Probably or his brother could use the cash?  Wow, it's illegal for kids in S. Korea that are 16 and under to play video games after midnight.
 No, not much.  It's hard to work with the military if you don't know their lingo... Can you believe there are 750+ episodes of Pokemon?  Prolific but not my thing...
 Oh geez, that is scary! Maybe South Korea is on to something,lol. I like those games that are interactive. I have tried the one called Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. It was a neat experience if you like to really be engaged. 
 What , really! That super high tech and crazy! I didnt know that NASA would use something we all have at home.
 Not that much but I do have to for work. Luckily I don't smoke as smoking near Apple computers voids their warranty.
 Interesting! And someone has built a working 16 bit computer only using basic minecraft building blocks.
 Huh, that is pretty neat. Would you ever upload your mind to a computer and memory stick? Transhumanists want to do that.
 Do you have an iphone? One iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear ucbm deterrent. 
 Apparently it is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped. I don't really understand this.
 I don't really. I like Disney films a lot. They were considering shutting down their animation studio because Sleeping Beauty was a flop.
 Most Disney movies are really sweet. But speaking of sweet, on Valentine's day, The Silence of the Lambs came out. Wonder how many people brought their significant other to see it for Valentine's Day.
 wow!
 Hello! Are you a fan of the hit blockbuster, "Hamilton?" Over 80,000 users online tried to get tickets for it on February 28, 2016.
 Many members of the Kennedy Center even came away without seats.
 Yes, I heard that people were looking for lines so that they could purchase tickets.
 No kidding! I wouldn't wait outside in bad weather for tickets for sure. Especially since you can often find tickets on second hand marketplaces like Craigslist. 
 Yeah, when one person said that they were crazy for doing it, another person said it was worth it. They might be kidding themselves, if I do say so myself. But who knows, as I am not a Hamilton fan!
 I am not really a fan of the movies. Are you? I kind of lose interest. I prefer series better. I really like Disney movies. Did you know that Sleeping Beauty was a flop and almost caused Disney to shut down their animation studio?
 I had heard that before! I am a fan of the movies, but I don't go very often. Who is your favorite actor? I love Tom Hardy and Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks is actually the highest all-time box office star. 
 Yes I have! I have actually read the book too. I find it crazy that a horror movie like that was released on Valentine's Day weekend. 
 Yeah, can't imagine thinking it was a good idea saying to a date "Let's go watch this horror movie for Valentine's Day."
 Yep definitely doesn't sound like a romantic date. I guess people enjoy things we never would. We would pass on waiting hours for tickets and we'd pass on watching gore for a holiday lol
 Though, it might be a memorable Valentines Day so I don't know!
 He is a really good actor! I'm not surprised. Love box office hits. I know Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty was a box office failure.
 Wow! that's a lot of money. What a moneymaker compared to the movie Trojan Wars with a budget of 15 million and then it only made $309 in the box office. What a flop.
 That's really cool! Did they do that recently?
 Oh, come on! Like that would even be possible!
 I couldn't either! You too!
 Yes, not as much anymore but yeah. Apparently Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook back then and passed.
 Something like in germany the like button is illegal in one of the states.
 So strange. And apparently the color is predominantly blue because Mark cannot see red and green
 They have really come a long way. And funny enough, they had to upgrade their view count to 64 bits because of Gangnam style.
 True. And even police have their own youtube balled bluetube.
 those could be, and I wonder if they post car chases and stuff like that. it would be interesting to see it
 Kind of , certian songs. How about you?
 yeah, you never know where life takes. it was nice chatting with you.
 I bet the twins made a lot of money out of the show. It was a really successful show
 Thats a lot of money, multiply that by two. It was a lot more money then.
 I am and I do enjoy it! Can you believe MySpace rejected an offer from Facebook for $75 million back in 2005? Oh what might have been!
 I wonder if people still use MySpace! I wonder if the regret the rejected offer. 
 Wow. I can't believe how much they are estimated! I wonder what Facebook is estimated worth.
 I did not know that. I like the blue look. It makes sense to avoid colors that he can not distringuish. 
 I wonder if they have a different button? How do you let people know you like their post?!
 That is crazy. I can't believe that Justin Bieber's song baby is the most disliked video on youtube/
 That and even crazier is PSY's Gangnam Style's video was viewed by so many, YouTube had to upgrade their view count integer to 64 bits! That is wild!
 That was viral world wide I guess. I forgot about that dance. 
 True. If you also subscribe to Netflix, together Netflix along with YouTube accounts for half the peak internet traffic in north America. That is shocking!
 I love netflix. I do not know why anyone wouldn't get it. It makes sense the traffic. 
 I wonder if its open to the public or only they can access it. 
 I am not. Nice talking to you!
 Yeah but I have 11 more months of a slow data plan! Even on Mt. Everest they have 3g internet. I should have better speeds here.
 That's a good point! Once wikileaks published the report it just made them look even more stupid.
 Very honorable of them. I heard that JP Morgan bailed out the Government in 1895, I suppose when the government bailed out the banks in 2008 it was just repaying the favor.
 I agree. Did you know Pixar has a secret room that is used by celebrities?
 She makes so much money it's crazy! Did you know Robin Williams was the voice of the Genie in Aladdin?
 I agree. Ethiopia has a celebrity chef that claims he can combat hunger by encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods.
 That is funny. Crazy how much technology has advanced since then.
 For sure. Did you know Bill Nye got his break by winning a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 I don't know... its not me!  Going to show my age but Carol Burnett is also one of my favorites.  Can't believe she was the first celeb to appear on sesame street.
 Yes! It's a good sun, we owe a lot to it! It's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy. That's mind blowing!
 I did not know that.  Thank you for the info.
 I usually follow the game right around playoff time.I'm surprised that there's only on left-handed QB in the NFL.
 Really!  That is great!  I can't believe that Tom Brady was a back up QB to a losing team in high school.  Seems unimaginable.  
 They are genius.  Their invention completely changed our human nature.
 Wow, I didn't know that! I find that Winston Churchill win a nobel prize in literature which is surprising as he was the prime minister during WW2
 I am glad he did so.  Btw, did you know that fda burned about 6 tons of literature for censorship purpose
 they will make a lot of money if a lot of viewers are drawn into their work.  Btw, did you know that architect, literature, music, painting, and sculpture were the Olympic's games from 1912 to 1952
 It is amazing they lived that long, and more amazing that they created a rap album at that old age.  Hahaha
 I have some old 78rpm records I can't even play anymore since today's record players won't play them. It is really interesting how buying music has really changed these days. Even for physical music most of the time you have to buy it online.
 Yeah there are none around here. I pretty much buy all my music on the internet. I didn't realize I agreed to buy all these weird records from this one store after making one purchase. I didn't read the full terms when I agreed to buy.
 That's good to know haha. Also good to know that the Library of Alexandria saves a copy of the internet. They do this just in case the internet goes down for some reason
 Hello,  how are you?  Do you like Youtube? Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
 I like both.  Police actually have their own youtube called blutube, where they share law enforcement videos.
 That is pretty funny. DId you ever watch Justin Bieber's "Baby" on YouTube? It's the most disliked video!
 I did.  I didn't think it was that bad lol 
 Sure,  but only during the day.  
 Haha, I know what you mean. You should try watching horror before viewing abstact art. It will help you enjoy the abstract art more.
 I like this fact better Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories. 
 You have to have control!  No butter,  just popcorn lol 
 No, buttery movies is the best part of watching movies, haha
 Haha Danny, the boy from the shining, did not know he was acting in a horror film until several years later.
 I'm sure he's fine,  he got over it with the piles of money he made.  He probably went to Disneyland lol 
 thats creepy.  I hope you live alone lol.  I found out on the Warner Bros tour that the creepy sounds from Walking Dead is just some guy eating chicken lol 
 I know right,  that sound like a job im qualified for! 
 I though it was extremely sad,  but not scary lol anyways good talking to you. 
 Yeah, I think they make up a really significant portion of internet traffic online. I know Netflix and Youtube make up half internet traffic in North America during peak times!
 There are so many good movies on Netflix. Did you know The Shining is on Netflix? I heard the young boy, Danny, didn't know he was acting in a horror movie until years later!
 Yes, like the wave of blood coming out of the elevators or the twin girls (though they weren't in the book I think. I didn't like the movie compared to book, but it was cool at least that they made a movie at all. Apparently watching a scary movie like The Shining can burn up more than 180 calories!
 I bet Justin Bieber's not too happy with them.  His video "Baby" is the most disliked video on YouTube.
 Yeah, I just get sick of double standards... Did you know that there is a 3g cell service at the top of Mount Everest?  I guess you get to use it if you can make it there.  
 I too am part of the 93% that doesn't read them.  Only 7% of people do...
 That is crazy money.  Youtube is also the 2nd largest search engine on the net.  So, I guess that means a lot of people are looking for video content.
 True. It all has to do with electromagnetic energy which goes way over my head!
 Oh that's cool yeah. Can't believe they made it from just a razorblade and a pencil! Very skillful.
 Interesting. Back in 1953 Churchill won the nobel prize in literature!
 Yeah I agree. Guess the greeks weren't that romantic! Literature was even in the olympics until 1952!
 Clever guys.  It's amazing what people can do with limited equipment.  Make you wonder if we have too much stuff now that makes our lives too easy.
 Me too, did you know the worlds longest fiction story is a 4 million word super smash bros fan fiction?
 I  did not know that, thats interesting just like how the fda burned 6 tons of censored books
 Yes, they also tried to ban a science fiction comic because it had a black character.
 That is very cool, I did not know that. The term "drabble" is a work of fiction that is exactly 100 words long!
 I'm sure Billy didn't care... Speaking of weak computers, the space shuttle's computer only ran on 1 MB of RAM.  I think my FitBit has more than that.
 It's PC gone mad... Transhumanists want to upload their minds to computer or memory sticks.  That's interesting...
 I find it pretty crazy someone was able to make a 16-bit computer using minecraft building blocks
 Talented but I'm not sure I'd buy one.  The again it would be a great conversation piece. 
 Hi there! Do you read Mrs. Manners?
 It is a form of bullying! I feel like cultural differences fall within a gray area though, like in China, the fashion involves layering as many shirts as you can and popping collars, I think in American culture, that would be considered unprofessional.
 Yeah! That is a great gesture especially to lighten up the mood a bit. Did you know unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone? I think I am a bit of a phone addict.
 That is a lot of computer power wonder if they use the same technology found in space shuttle's where the computer runs on 1mb of ram.
 What?! I need one of those computers, I'm so clumsy, always spilling water on my electronics!
 I did not know that. That's pretty awesome! Sounds like the workplace is pretty relaxed. I should move to Hawaii!
 Yea, that's crazy they wore so many collared shits and popped the collar in China, one shirt is enough for me
 That's a good point. Button up just doesn't make sense though...so no buttons on the collar, but it's referred to as "button" up. Fashion is complicated lol
 Wow. Well thank goodness I don't smoke then! I didn't know that.
 Hey there, yes I use Facebook almost every day. Did you know that Facebook allows anyone who claims to be 13 years or older to join
 only 13? I thought that the minimum age should be at least 18. Did you know that Facebook also has 48 different custom gender options!
 Yep they really missed an opportunity there. Would you rather have the like button be called the awesome button? That was the original name
 An awesome button sounds awesome! Speaking about the like button, that exact button illegal in the German state of schleswig-holstein!
 That's funny! I wonder why they banned a button LOL. Did you know that in the past 200 years there are now more people on Facebook than there were people in total back then?
 Same, I do not have cable either. I also watch a lot of youtube. Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net! 
 That is impressive, I want to watch the first YouTube video, it was apparently a guy talking to an elephant LOL
 That's a good question, especially since the first video but very boring LOL. Did you know that Google created a network to watch YouTube clips and it learned to recognize cats haha
 Justin Biebers baby used to be the most disliked video on youtube until the youtube rewind 2018 beat that!
 Yeah that's very impressive. And in 2007 YouTube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet back in 2000, I wonder if that will keep increasing in the further years to come
 They probably will, as internet traffic increases, Did you know that police officers have their own youtube called blutube where they share police related videos?
 I like it but I am a really bad player!!!  Do you know that there is a golf course in dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water a day.
 I'm a horrible player too. That's a lot of water! 
 That is what I was thinking but it is the desert!
 I agree. The average American course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
 That is nuts. I had no idea. I think it is amazing that the golf courses in america make up more space than rhode island and delaware combined.
 I agree. That's a lot of space. Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer.
 I can't believe that. When would he have had any time?  I think it is pretty smart of Samuel L. Jackson to put a golf clause in his contract so he can play twice a week when filming!
 I have no idea lol. That is smart to bake into your contract. He must really like golf.
 Yea I agree. Golf originated back in the 15th century in Scotland.
 New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 That is funny. That doesn't matter that much at this time as it did back in the 70s and 80s. Not much rotary being used now!
 For sure. The cables carrying phone and data lines across the ocean are only 2.7 inches thick.
 Yep, they run them right across the ocean floor. 
 I did not know that each hole is only 4.25" in diameter.  I thought it was bigger than that.
 no I have not. Speaking about soccer , it is payed in over 200 countries and is the most popular sport in the world 
 interesting, soccer also makes the most money compared to other sports like football and baseball 
 another name for soccer is association football, but Americans use the slang word soccer 
 Slang?  It was the official title of the sport for all of my years... It seems to have Muslim ties in some parts of the world.  
 there is a form of soccer where 3 teams go ageist each other at the same time
 That might spice it up a bit.  To me, watching soccer is a lot like watching golf. There are more acres in golf courses in the US than RI and Delaware combined. 
 yes lets talk about golf next, courses use a lot of water a day averaging 312,000 gallons 
 yeah, in Dubai it is even worse, one course needs 4,000,000 gallons a day 
 That's what happens if you build a course in a friicken desert. I'd hate to get that water bill. 
 yes lets talk about telephones next, the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone is 212 which is New York's area code
 The cables used to cross the ocean are skinny at 2.7 inches in diameter!  That doesn't seem sea worthy. 
 I don't know, two phonebooks with pages overlapped together are impossible to separate 
 HA, great point. Wow, it would be fun to be a celebrity. Paris Hilton is super famous.
 Oh yeah, that was a mistake and a half! YouTube is also very popular and fun to use. I watch Jenna Marble who inadvertently makes $346,827 a year from her channel! That is a lot of money.
 Really? I mean I know it has a broad range of content from documentaries to live streams, but I didn't know it could be used in such a manner
 Not until today!  I'm learning so much from these chats.  That's interesting.  I wonder if it only experiences seasons on the part that the sun shines on. 
 IDK I know its so complex Its crazy
 So interesting.  Around one in five sun-like stars is thought to have an Earth-sized planet in its habitable zone.  I wonder what grows on these stars?  Maybe this is where Actor and Actresses come from lol (Stars)
 Thats amazing,  I love that band.  Really sad about Chester Bennington though. 
 Crazy that myspace had a chance to buy facebook for only $75 mil
 Missed opportunity. Their IPO was $104 Billion. Wish I could have invested back in the day.
 That a lot. Did you Carol Burnett was the first celeb to appear on Sesame Street?
 Speaking of use their influence Burger King apparently was giving people Whoppers if they unfriended 10 people on facebook!
 I never knew that, it must be cold. There is a golf course in Dubai that consumes 4 million gallons of water a day
 Yea, the US is obsessed with golf, they take up more land than RI and Delaware combined
 Lol, I guess he was better than Babe Ruth was when he use to golf
 Ha! That's hard to believe, isn't it? Well speaking of sports, do you watch soccer? I can't believe a team once scored an own goal deliberately to advance in a cup match!
 Yea, soccer can be pretty weird, there is a variation where 3 teams face each other at once
 I'd love to see how that works. It just sounds complicated. Ha!  I also think it's weird that FIFA won't allow Greenland to join because not enough grass grows there to build a soccer field! That's crazy, isn't it?
 Yea, that is pretty strange like "soccer" being American slang for association football
 Agreed. And can you also believe soccer players run 7 miles on average each game? I need to start playing soccer so I can get in shape. Ha!
 I think it's pretty crazy that John Stewart even played a sport. Ha! That's cool, though! But then again, I also find it unbelievable that the super bowl itself is smaller than the third largest soccer event.
 That is wild. I never knew that and always assumed football was the richest sport! I'll have to make a few calls and tell people about that. Ha! Speaking of phones, can you believe that there's really no correlation between connection quality and service bars?
 I'm usually in bed by that time so I don't account for much of it. Together with YouTube they make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America. 
 I use it a lot too. I actually have it on in the background right now.
 She is really talented. She began performing as a teenager singing at open mic nights and acting in school plays.
 I haven't seen that yet. I've heard good things about it.
 Yeah it was from a predictive text glitch that changed Radio to Lady.
 Yeah it does. Well it was nice chatting with you. I hope you have a great night!
 That is crazy. I forgot about that option. Netflix streaming is super popular. With Youtube it makes up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 I definitely watch Netflix every night, like a routine.
 Like you said, no late fees. It's interesting how Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix because of a late fee.
 I did not know her real name is Stefani!
 I didn't either. Looking at her full name now it is quite long.
 I think she is. Did you know her favorite band is Iron Maiden?
 I do now. Also she is Elton Johns son's godmother. That really surprised me.
 I did not know that. It is funny that her name came from a predictive text glitch that changed radio to lady.
 I love Netflix! From 9pm to 12am they account for 33% of all bandwidth in north America!
 That is crazy. I love how Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix because of late fees on his vhs.
 Did you know Hugh Laurie earns $700,000 per episode in House?
 No, that's a huge amount, but considering what baseball players make I guess it's not out of line.
 True that! He is also the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama.
 Yes, I heard it is blue. I would like to see that!
 That is mind blowing. I wonder how scientist know that information or measure it. 
 It is cool I didnt know there was an immortal animal sure be interesting to research it further, its as interesting as the black swalloer fish.
 I see, well heres an interesting fact for you, its crazy but in South Africa you can actually equip your car with a flamethrower and its completely legal.
 Did you know that dalmatians are associated with firefighters cuz they would calm and protect the horses.  I love dalmatians, when i was little I begged my mom for one.
 That is a great movie! Speaking of movies, movie star Clint Eastwood who spent most of his time on horseback in his movies, developed an allergy to horses in his midlife.  That is strange.  My daughter is allergic to cats and dogs.  Feel bad, cuz she really wants dog.
 I also read that 84% of human genes that are associated with diseases have counterparts in zebrafish, which is pretty crazy
 that is crazy!  A black swallower fish can eat prey twice it's length and ten times its weight.  Now that is crazy!
 it would keep me full for a lifetime lol  that is a lot of food, not even sure how they get it down
 I read that too.  What an awesome reason to add drive thru.  I didn't know the trunk of your car is called the trunk because old cars had wood trunks on the back.  That is pretty cool.
 That is so immature. I didn't know Best Buy will price match Amazon. 
 That is insane and almost unbelievable! Almost as crazy as knowing saltwater fish drink water through their mouths while freshwater fish drink water through their skin by osmosis!
 Wow! I didn't know that either. So he's a legend in two categories then! Ha! Another legend is Jann Mardenborough who beat 90k people in the game Gran Turismo and became a pro race car driver! Unbelievable! Well it was nice chatting with you as well! Hope you have a great day, friend!
 Oh wow! Were you aware that Clint Eastwood developed a horse allergy? So surprising with all of his westerns.
 I guess I didn't know either.  Maybe it's because it's cold in Iceland?  Not as cold as Oymyakon, -88F, that's cold!
 I want one of those South African cars with flames throwers on the front!
 I did not, doesn't sound like a regular Detroit name.  I heard the name trunk comes from when the old cars had wooden trunks held on the back.
 I don't know much about it. Kids at my school and neighborhood used to be obsessed with it when I was a kid. Apparently, the managers wear the same or similar uniforms as the players ones, so they could play if they had to. That is kind of strange.
 One guy found a ton of cards his grandpa hid away. What would I do with $3 million dollars of baseball cards? I buy Amazon stock, that's what.
 Same here, James Wong pioneered the wide-angle lenses, imagine how much that has changed how films are made
 I hope so, everyone needs to be recognized for their work. Roger Deakins on the other hand has been nominated 13 times and never won.
 13 times? that must be really frustrating, I wonder if he will ever win the price. 
 I wonder the same thing. In Spartacus Stanley Kubrick was unhappy with the cinematographer and did it himself.
 Did you know there is a region of space that is thought to pull galaxies outside of observable universe?
 So cool and still so unexplored. And another theory says that there is only one electron in the universe.
 yeah, it is a pretty big galaxy out there. And then you have radio stations like the one in Finland where they give the weekly news in latin.
 There is so much, like the stars that are so cold that a human can touch them by hand.
 Hello. Did you know that there are about 20 Quintillion individual animals on eart. T didn't know there was such a thing as Auintillion. LOL.
 Very true. the last section talks about the earth. it's insane when you think that About 71% of Earth's surface is covered with water, mostly by oceans.
 I love that movie! I also like John Krasinski as an actor!
 yes I agree! The movie went really fast for me too, it doesn't feel like a movie that is actually 92 mins long
 I'm sure that would be cool to hear! There is also a radio station that translates solar activity and you can hear the sun!
 haha you're right, did you know that canadian radio is required to have 40% of its content be canadian in origin? Lots of Rush and Justin Bieber I think
 Dang I would change stations really quick. Do you ever think we live inside a black hole as far as the universe goes?
 I can jump on board with that one. If you fold a piece of paper in half 103 times, it would be as thick as the observable universe.
 wow thats insane! also insane there is a star you could touch with your hand because they are cold, how does that work?
 Dang I have no idea, I would be scared to touch one haha.
 Apparently Stanley Kubrick did most of the cinematography work on Spartacus
 indeed! I have heard  james wong howe was an oscar-winning cinematographer who pioneered the use of wide-angle lenses without those kubricks works would be lacking for sure~
 Yes i was shocked to find out Gavin free from Rooster Teeth worked on the movie Hot Fuzz
 That is pretty interesting to hear. Hopefully there will be soon!
 i read that. imagine being so bored your entertainment is pregnant chickens.
 20 quintillion animals on earth. i never knew
 i was really surprised by that. i had to go look at my cats.
 i rarely get hiccups.
 I wonder if that includes insects.
 Very true. Animals should have some rights, like in germany. 
 I did not. What is that?
 I agree. It cannot be good for a child to sit in front of a screen all day.
 Have a good night. 
 yes to both of those! That's random, to run into him at the airport. Did you say hi?
 Pocahontas was a real person? I though she was a character in a movie, turns out its based on a true story, 
 I love to dance, do you know that parrots are able to dance perfectly with music,
 I did not know that. I saw he made lots of phrases we use today popular.
 Hard to imagine they were alive around the same period of time. 
 Very cool. I have a niece named Olivia. He also invented the name Miranda.
 I agree. Apparently, he must be able to project positivity or he won't do the role. 
 Wow - that's a lot of money! 
 That's a great way to meet girls. Very smart man right there.
 I didm
 Yea he was pretty talented, I never knew he was an actor in london during the 1590s
 Me either! I only knew he wrote the plays. I also didn't know that they had been translated into every langue and that his plays are performed more than any other. I guess everyone knows his Romeo and Juliet.
 Yes, he was. It's funny that he coined phrases that I use like laughing stock and break the ice. I had no idea I was quoting Shakespeare. I guess we don't realize who authors things like that.
 Not sure, unless the meaning comes across as the same. It was an interesting time to live in, for sure. Crazy to think that he and Pocahontas lived at the exact same time. What different lives they led.
 I haven't hear of that before! He really had a big influence on our world. I bet there are a lot of parents who don't know that when they name their daughters Miranda, Jessica and Olivia, that they are using names that he made up!
 Is it a good thing or a bad thing that the critic got to see things he normally would not see. That sounds like a very memorable experience! Amazing how Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time and died only a year apart, I would've imagined Pocahontas came way before Shakespeare.
 Oh ok, I wonder how average people, or non-critics can get access to those special screenings, I would love to attend one of those for drama or comedy films, I especially enjoy Jim Carrey's films but his belief system prevents him from playing movies that doesn't project positivity.
 Oh wow, that's really cool, I wonder if they act on the feedback they receive. "Wild Goose Chase" is a phrase I often hear as much as the "deer in headlights" but he also invented the names Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia, they seem to be so popular! I enjoy the name Olivia the most though.
 Oh ok! That makes sense then! Jon Hamm actually taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, the actress who plays Erin on The Office, I really like her and that show. What a small world!
 The Washington Post streamed coverage as well at 4AM.  I wonder how many people watch it?
 I thought it was a good video actually lol, how much power  Youtube and Netflix have together!
 Do you think the actors should get paid so much?  For instance Hugh Laurie made $700,000 an episode in House.
 Wow, that's influential.  They broadcast from NYC, but also the news corporation that owns fox owns a gaming website. 
 To think they may have just made a channel exclusively for the Simpsons.
 I think I like comedies more, but I will absolutely watch dramas.  I liked House, which I guess everyone did since Hugh Laurie was making 700k per episode!  Crazy!
 I watch YouTube a lot!  Hard to believe it is the second largest search engine on the internet!
 That does sound very interesting.  I will have to check that out!  I can skip watching Gangnam Style one day.  That video has been watch so many times, they had to alter the view count integer!
 A Polish conductor donated his skull in hopes it would be used as a prop.  His skull was used in a series of performances of Hamlet.
 That's interesting.
 Yes, it is.  I hear that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.
 Didn't know that. I heard that Michael Caine became an actor because all the pretty girls in drama class.
 That's so true.  Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, Erin from the office.
 Well, me too, but I'm not surprised seeing that constant novelty clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction that is measurable in the brain.
 Oh, I never even thought of that! I think it's pretty funny that the current Library of Alexandria has saved a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 I don't even know. It is weird. Even more weird Mt. Evesrt's peak has 3g cell service and internet capabilities!
 Yes, between Netflix and YouTube they make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 Yes that is the police youtube pretty cool. Nice chat
 I guess they feel they have to spend money to make money.  Eventually they will have to make a profit.  It doesn't seem that long ago that they were just a company you rented DVD's from through the mail.
 I think the movie has a decent shot, interesting fact but Black Panther is actually the richest superhero
 I though that Iron Man guy was meant to fairly rich?  There's so many of these super hero movies now it is difficult to keep track.  Black Panther seemed novel tough.
 Did you know that as of October 2018, Netflix has 137 million people subscribed?
 Yes he was very much ahead of his time. Interesting that he married a girl named Anne Hathaway when he was 18, and now that is actually a famous actress LOL
 He was definitely a great person at inventing words. He would also do things like make grammatical errors to heighten people's attention to what was going on
 Yes he does great job. I also like Patrick Stewart a lot, and he actually teaches master acting classes in the UK at the moment
 Haha that is funny. I can't blame him though. I never watch soap operas though do you? They were named that because soap manufacturers would always put advertisements during them
 Yes I'll have to check that out. I also want to check out Emilia doing the funky chicken dance during her audition for Game of Thrones LOL there must be a video that somewhere online
 Yes I would look that up too! I would also check out the first ever video record of the moonwalk which was by a dancer in 1955
 Weird. I would swear I could remember using it before that, but maybe that's a "mandela effect" thing.
 Thanks - that was bothering me.    I know Jim Carrey doesn't make film dramas anymore.   Do you know why?
 Wow.    Speaking of high school drama and pretty girls, Jon Hamm once taught Ellie Kemper in her high school drama class.
 Thanks    Going to go watch some Jon Stewart, a funny comedian and a great soccer player!
 Yes. He is weird. I don't even know what to think about him! Do you know that soap opera originated because they were sponsored by soap manufacturers in the past. Makes sense!
 I love some talk radio and podcasts. I am thinking I would enjoy that too. Have you heard of the show Ikea Heights?
 The guy that plays in house? Is that right?
 Yes I would say that it worked out well for him, he has had a long and successful career.
 I do like Jim Carrey, he's gotten a bit strange recently.
 I haven't but I do know Hugh Laurie's the highest paid tv drama actor and made $700k per episode for House. That is insane, isn't it?
 I bet they did! And on a similar note, John Hamm was a drama teacher at his former high school and Ellie Kemper from The Office was a student of his. Can you believe that? It's a small world, isn't it?
 So true! He was obviously a great teacher. And since we're talking about celebrities, can you believe John Stewart was a great soccer player in college and even represented America at the 1983 Pan American Maccabi Games in Brazil?
 I didn't know that. It's some interesting music history for sure. I love that they wore wigs and costumes. Who even thinks of that? Wasn't it also interesting that George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins?
 I didn't know that. Are you serious? 
 Yes, and did you know Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode? The only celebrity who makes more than her is Lebron James. Case dismissed!
 OMG, no, but I can believe it. She is highly watched during the day. 
 Oh wow, and Hugh Laurie makes $700,000 per episode of House. That's unreal. Can you imagine just making that much money?
 Wow, I can never tell with accents. Oh wow only two African Americans are in the country music hall of fame. Why do you think that is? Country music has its roots in blues, which is very much created by African Americans.
 Yea he made 700k per episode! I could only imagine what to do with that money.
 That was the worst or when you stayed up too late and that stupid blender info commercial came on you knew it was over. I guess you could always listen to the radio and find some classic dramas there.
 I did not. I did read that there are only 2 african americans in the country music hall of fame.
 I like rock and country, but rap also is good. Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory album is the best-selling album of the 21st Century?
 Me either lol. I bet it would be very hard to understand and follow.
 I'm sure! I wish I was in the court room when the judge rapped Eminem's ruling to him lol.
 That would be awesome to see! Reel Big Fish re-recorded all of their albums after losing rights to their old record label.
 That's a very short time we've been on the Earth. More than 80% of Earth's natural forests have been destroyed.
 HAHA. When Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 Me too lol. That would be a pretty cushy job I think
 Yes just sitting there and waiting for us to find something! I would probably get bored and start wanting to get into comic books like Eminem did!
 What! That is the craziest thing I have ever heard about rap music. 
 ok great I'll check those out, do you listen to anything besides hip hop?
 Me either. I heard there is an ancient roman amphitheater that is still in use as a concert venue. 
 In 2002, a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.
 I do. They recorded a live concert with no audience!
 yes I enjoy it also. The green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy with jack black 
 i remember that also. 3rd rock from the sun won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997, i loved watching that show
 me too. Comedy central has cancelled a lot of shows throughout the years, over 100
 true. I did not know that python programming language was partly named after Monty python
 I do. Linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone due to their album success
 wow that's awesome. Creed fans sued them over a bad concert 
 that may be true. Linkin park also has the best selling album of the 21st century with hybrid theory 
 me too. The dark side of the moon is still one of the best selling albums of 2014 even though it was released over 40 years ago
 Great album also. I like the two twins from Japan who put out a rap album at 100 years old
 Yes they seem to be okay. I found out two twins from Japan made a rap album when they were 100 years old. It seems you're never to old to make music!
 Hahaha.  I couldn't believe both of them lived that long, and was shocked that they were able to rap at that age
 I like Friends too. Did you know the Green Lantern was originally going to be a comedy with Jack Black?
 I see.  Did you watch Comedy Central's shows.  I think it was a waste of money when Comedy Central cancelled more than 100 shows since its creation
 I'm not sure. I guess it happened in Pompeii so maybe for a video?
 Yeah I think it holds up a little better now. It beat Seinfeld for the Emmy back in '97 though.
 I didn't realize Robin Williams was the first celebrity to be the voice of a Disney character in a movie. 
 Yeah, that seems crazy to think since every major animated movie now has big named celebs as voices
 Kids' movies are big money for celebrities now. What is your favorite kids' movie?
 I have been in a lot of different cars. A Mercedes Benz was definitely one. One of my coworkers bought an older model BMW to challenge herself to buy a newer one. Then, she became an executive. 
 Jenna Marbles is a Youtube celebrity, she makes funny videos and how-to videos about make-up and stuff. She makes $346,287 each year from her channel!
 I didn't know that, how interesting! But yeah, on "The Voice" they had this kid who was 13 years old and it just made the whole crowd and the coaches go crazy!
 Wow! Her music is very different from theirs. She originally wanted to pursue a career in talent scouting but then saw P!nk perform live and decided to pursue more artistic avenues.
 No I bet she has multiple influences! And yeah, that's a crazy coincidence.
 Yea, and apparently make you more likely enjoy abstract art too
 I guess so. I find it quite funny that the actor who played Danny in The Shining didn't release he was in horror movie until much later.
 He did indeed.  Danny, the boy who was in the Shining, didnt even know he was in a horror film during filming.
 Neither have I and I am a musician.
 I know this one, it's Judge Judy! I remember her shows were always on daytime television. Hard to believe she's still making new episodes!
 That's amazing. I would never think that those skills would translate into real life. My Guitar Hero skill definitely haven't!
 I know. Daniel Craig actually cried when he heard Adele's skyfall theme!
 I am not sure a song has brought me to tears. Adele went to school with some talented people!
 She did. Adele also loves the spice girls! 
 Who doesn't! 21 is the biggest selling album in the uk in the 21st century...
 yeah. Her voice is amazing. Although she may be camera shy...
 !!  Do you drive a lot?
 you too!
 HI, Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that you can actually hear them by AM radio?
 Wow, i didn't know that, I wouldn't even know what to listen for, what do they sound like?
 Ha ha, i think it funny that it's a Canadian law that 40% of their radio music played has to be Canadian.
 Did you know that there are more libraries than McDonald's in the U.S.?
 Oh, I didn't know that!  It's interesting that an imprisoned man spent 10 years in the library studying law to prove his innocence, and it worked!  He is now a lawyer that helps falsely convicted people.
 In 1895 the UK prime minister Gladstone founded a public library at age 85 and wheelbarrowed his personal collection of 32,000 books for 3/4 mile to donate them.
 I was just wondering that also, growing up we had a library in our home, well it was the spare room with shelves, but we called it our library and we had hundreds of books but I can't imagine how he amassed that many in the 1800's
 Yep, everythings streaming and digital these days. I see that Sacramento actually has a "library of things" to rent, like sewing machines, that's pretty neat.
 It could be their love triangle or perhaps pentagon. As Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham were partners and she had an affair with Mick Fleetwood while the McVies were getting divorced.
 Not a bad idea. Jon Hamm probably didn't need acting help to meet girls but he ended up teaching Erin from the Office at a drama class in his old high school.
 That is a lot of money. I wonder is Aerosmith made that much money from Guitar Hero. Apparently they made more through the game than any album.
 I did not know that. Nice to have an album name. Led Zeppelin decided not to title their fourth album to confuse the hated rock press.
 That would definitely be confusing!  I want to buy the rap album that two 100 year olds from Japan released
 Me too. They would have to make a clean version though if I wanted to purchase it at Walmart. They only sell clean versions and if the artist won't make it, they won't sell it.
 Interesting, maybe Walmart was involved. I don't think there needs to be a clean version for Bob Marley. He has been on the album chart for over 914 weeks!
 That is for sure.  I still do not get how Nwa had an album reach platinum status without even going on tour..
 That's good. I read his facial expression said it all....
 Oh wow, didn't know that. I love Michael Jordan....funny how he was about to ditch Nike when that newbie ended up creating Jordan's dream shoe lol
 I know. I find that weird. Same with pitchers and Tommy John surgery.
 I know. I hope he has a good finance person... Michael jordan's son cost his school a $3 million adidas contract when he insisted on wearing his father's line of Nikes
 I like Jordan, he seems like a real down to earth guy.  They say his best friend is the limo driver that first picked him up when he arrived in Chicago waaay back in '84. 
 Really?  I didn't know that... something big must have happened to make him contemplate giving up all that money!
 Interesting note, they were originally BANNED from the NBA, but Mike kept wearing them anyway, because Nike was willing to pay the fine.  I guess the publicity they got from Jordan wearing them was bigger than whatever they had to shelve out!   
 I tell ya, the money athletes get from shoes is just amazing.  For isntnace, Allen Iverson has a got a contract with Reebok that pays him $800.000 a year and will give him $32 mill when he reached 55!  Makes me wish I could dunk a ball!  LOL
 Speaking of Jordan, you know they're doing a sequel to Space Jam?  This time around it'll have Bugs Bunny with LeBron James.  Dunno if that'll work, I mean, make a sequel so long after the original. 
 going back to money, being a coach is also a lucrative field.  I'm told in 39 of 50 states the top paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.  Again, makes me wish I had a head for sports strategy.  
 Not too familiar with him, although I heard he passed up a deal with the Spurs to stay in college for four years.  That takes commitment to education!  A know a lot of people who wouldn't have done that!
 Indeed he is. Did you know which NBA team he owns?
 No I actually don't know that. Who would that be? 
 Wow that is very interesting. Did you know there was 1 Canadian team in the NBA?
 WOW! that is a ton of money, how many seasons was it on? 
 That would be hilarious. Looks like it's to deter carjacking.
 I did not know that. Did you know Cadillac was named after a French explorer?
 Yep, he was also the founder of Detroit which is pretty interesting.
 Yep that's it lol. Did you know the trunk of a car got its name because older cars actually had wooden trunks in them?
 I love clothing too. I wonder what those Apple clothes looked like lol. I saw pilgrim clothing was actually very colorful.
 Yep. Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea even though the label says China.
 Ah, well I am also one of them. Netflix has almost 150 movies with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 Netflix offered to be sold for around 75 million but block buster rejected the offer. I bet that they sure regret that now!
 $75 million, that is a lot of money but nothing compared to the $2 billion the company is worth now. 
 Yeah, I thought it would be the other way around! 
 No I have not, although Abba turned down 1 billion dollars to do 100 concert reunions.
 1 billion dollars really? how can they turn down an offer like that one. 
 I believe that it is a trip around the world where you do a bunch of concerts. The foo fighters had such a loud concert that it became a seismic reading.
 Me neither. Apparently it's a band. The members of the band have changed a lot throughout the years.
 Patrick Stewart was in the movie Xmen, among other movies. No, I have never heard of Hugh Laurie.
 Hugh Laurie sounds vaguely familiar to me though I don't know who he is exactly. He must be pretty good if he earns $700,000 per episode.
 DId you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor in tv drama making $700,000 per episode in House?
 Wow, it runs in the blood.  There is a National Geographic show called game of lions following lives of lions like the game of thrones characters.
 Wow, that's interesting. I read Linkin Park's hybrid theory is the best selling album of the 21st century
 I'm not familiar with Linkin park, but the dark side of the moon seems to have been timeless after 40 years still best selling in 2014
 Yea that's impressive. NWA was able to reach platnium status without radio airplay or any touring which is impressive too
 yes that is.  Vinyl LPs are still issued through album sales are mostly CD and MP3's in the 21st century
 Ahh that's definitely enough then. It's interesting how different areas have different cars and rules too. In Ohio it's illegal to warm up your car.
 That's crazy, I'm surprised they had to make that rule in the first place. On the other hand, Google's self-driving cars have an "aggressive" mode.
 I didn't know that, clothing has a lot of changes. The Greek's used to use asbestos as clothing, wonder how that worked.
 That seems illegal haha, or at least negligent. The company mogul tests bulletproof clothing by shooting employees that wear the product.
 People are passionate about clothing for sure. I know a man once wore 70 items of clothing to avoid a bagging charge.
 It's crazy how trends change. An African tribe still wears Victorian style clothes, like the people who occupied them originally.
 I just read that at the start of WWi that all the diplomats in the US were sent out to the countryside into luxury hotels to stop them from communicating with their governments.
 Nice!  I would love to send all the politicians to Jupiter for a few years to improve Earth's atmosphere! Although I have heard that radio waves from Jupiter can be detected on Earth. So, maybe we send the politicians to another galaxy instead.
 i agree.  These hotels were so posh that the Italians complained about taking walks.  they didn't like Germans or Japanese in the same hotels as them either.  It was like a country club prison.
 I guess they would have to be allowed to have radios to do that.  these were actual prisons though with guards fences, spotlights, etc.  but they were treated well and even got paid their normal salary while there.  Even 6 babies were born while in these "prisons"
 there is also a Finnish radio station that broadcasts entirely in classical latin.  wonder who is listening?
 Elmo testified in Congress?  I feel like there are hundreds of Elmos there now.  they have 3 subway lines that are exclusive for congressmen to move between the Capitol and the House and Senate offices.
 This is too true!  Republicans win the series so far by 3.  can't they both lose?
 so a man who was falsely imprisoned studied law in prison and freed himself.  now he is a lawyer and helps those falsely jailed as well.
 I think I read that somewhere and found it surprising. Thank heavens Netflix lets us watch comedy over and over again! 
 So we have come a long way from the days of Greek comedies where different groups of society were pitted against each other - and that was considered amusing.
 I just learned that in WWII more than 1,000 employees were sent to live in luxury hotels.
 I guess it was for their own protection.
 It might have been even scarier. So the diplomats complained about not being able to take walks and being cooped up with other guests
 Apparently the enemy was given luxury so that our diplomats were treated well, so that there would be reciprocity
 There were even some weddings.
 Yes, it seemed that diplomats lived in luxury for about six months before being sent back to their home countries
 They're having an interesting season, a lot of media attention this year.
 If I was a multi-time NBA champion coach I wouldn't listen to what a lot of people were saying.
 I know that he hit Steve Kerr in practice before. Kind of ironic that they both don't respond to other's trash talk.
 I know Cheryl Miller tried it, maybe that is how she got better than her brother Reggie!
 Perhaps so, but neither of them had a shoe deal like Allen Iverson.
 He also has lifetime security, just from the 32 million he will get from Adidas at age 55!
 Oh I understand. I've seen movies like that, like for example a call chapie. It's excellent, explain what you want to define me
 And what about soccer field?
 A ghost? I do not think so.
 I do not believe it, haha. Well, this is something fantastic
 I think it's cute. But not as crazy as they're saying robots can be controlled using rat brains. The thought of that is amazing. 
 That is awesome,  I wonder what the building is called and where is it.  lol I didn't know target and best buy price match amazon,  that is interesting,  they must be losing money since amazon came around. 
 United states postal service has a contract with amazon to deliver your packages on sunday
 That is much appreciated!  I love when i get the notification that my delivery is delivered!  
 Amazon ceo jeff bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years. How cool?
 There is a rapper that can rap 14.1 syllables per second
 That's so fast. How is the that processed. In the 18th century there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of the reading of novels
 haha why would there be a panic,  reading is good for people!
 It was a long time ago. Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches
 Yeah that was a fantastic movie!  I think Enders game is a recommended military book as well. 
 They are off. We'll see about today in Colorado, we are supposed to get a blizzard with 75-85 mph winds so let's hope they're wrong haha. Where are you from?
 Me too! I'm even buying hygiene products from there now instead of going to the store haha. I wish I was the first customer ever though!
 The first amazon customer has a building named after him!
 Isn't it for Sunday delivery? Those post office people look annoyed when they are out on a Sunday because that usually is their day off!
 I'm sure they do! Just think, they started off as a book company! Do you read?
 Can you read as fast as Anne Jones? She read 4700 per minute!
 I'm still learning how they do that too! Anyways, nice chatting with you!
 Wow! That's crazy. Are you interested in Robots?
 I hear that before! I didn't know that robots can be controlled with rat brains! Very creepy!
 That's interesting. I guess robots can be valuable sometimes, like in robotic surgery. 
 Some monkeys are afraid of snakes. 
 Snakes only have one lung! I never thought about it but was surprised to learn that. 
 Interesting! They have eyelids and external ears unlike snakes, too!
 It's freaky to see a snake eat! Grant imahara from mythbusters created craig ferguson's robot sidekick geoff peterson
 Did you ever watch the 70's Show.  They tried a UK version and it was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 Did you know Michael Jackson planned to build a 50 ft. robot to roam the desert around Las Vegas?
 Most robots are industrial and don't even look human.  There is one now that can debone a chicken with surgical precision. 
 I used to program them.  They are what they're programmed to do.  AI is a little iffy.  Now they are programming them with rat brains.  
 As I got older, they got creepier. I didn't know that crocodiles were more related to birds than snakes and lizards.
 It's really odd that there are flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey.
 Hee. No.  The fear of snakes in hard-wired in human and monkey brains.  Strange...
 I wonder what Microsoft was thinking when they made the xbox it seems to be a gateway to violence!
 It's insane, I heard the army is using the Xbox to control bombs.
 Hello! Do you buy many things from Amazon?
 I do too. I didn't realize they owned IMDB as well.
 That will be interesting to see. I wish I was the first person to buy from them. The first customer has a building named after him.
 I wish I was the first person to buy Amazon stock. I'd be doing much better today lol.
 He is one smart man! The internet helps too. There is even 3g on Mount Everest if you want to order something!
 I find that hard to believe that my phone would work on Mount Everest but they do even have internet on the International Space Station. I can't even comprehend how that's possible.
 Yes those astronauts have been reception than most of us. I stay away though because the internet can cause a real addiction.
 It should be a right for everybody. I can't believe 7 percent of people read the buyer's terms and conditions. I would have guess nobody did that.
 I wonder what Amazon's agreements really say. That is how they were able to probably contract with the post office.
 I've seen Jack Ryan so far how about you? 
 Yeah I never quite got the hang of playing the guitar. Brian May has an interesting way of playing the guitar, with an English sixpence.
 Yeah I wonder if that ever came in handy for him.
 Haha, I think if I had a guitar I would try to cherish it though smashing guitars does seem stress relieving. Well at least that was intentional. Eddie Van Halen set the studio speakers on fire when he recorded the guitar solo for "beat it"
 That is amazing considering it was before the internet! Two identical 100 year old twins from Japan released a rap album. I think that's awesome.
 Wow, that is pretty smart. Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling 21st century album. Do you like them?
 Yea, Hybrid Theory was a good album but I didn't know it was the best selling in the 21st century 
 Dark Side of the Moon has still been one of the best selling in recent years though it was released over 40 years ago.
 I think I might have that addiction!
 Ah, the 3 horizontal line menu. I never knew it was called that! Well luckily even when I decide to climb Mt. Everest I can get cell service up there.
 Yeah, they have grown so much since then!
 Amazon even owns Imdb.  It is the largest internet retailer in the world now.
 Did not know about IMDB, but easy to believe they are largest internet retailer.
 Best selling and yet it is filled with such speculation as to its meaning.
 There is not a consensus about what is canonical in the Bible.  For a text that is so holy I would not expect there to be such disagreement.
 true, only 2 presidents that did not swear in with the bible, roosevelt & jq adams
 The Big Box stores weren't ready for the Internet. Amazon has changed the way people shop. In fact, the US postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver on Sunday. I'm amazed.
 Wow.  Amazon is doing well for itself that is for sure.  I didn't even realize that they owned IMDB until recently.
 That is a fair point.  It keeps them off the internet at least and it's addictive qualities.  Even clicking links can lead to measurable addiction!
 Interesting. I guess they didn't want church and state together. Prior to 1963 it was not uncommon for US students to read the Bible as part of their elementary education. I assume both men got such education.
 Yes he definitely is. He even built a clock into a mountain, it's supposed to last 10000 years but I don't know why you did that
 I'm not sure what state it is, but  Bezos does lots of weird stuff, for instance the first person to buy a product on Amazon spent $28 and now has a building named after them
 I get that part of it. It also doesn't seem fair that Amazon workers can walk up to 15 miles a day, that's a lot of exercise but that's also exhausting
 Yes that's true. Do you ever watch movies by the way? I never knew that Amazon actually owned imdb.com, they have since 1998
 I can't play the guitar but I can definitely play the piano. I wish I could be like the guitarist for Queen and use a coin as a pic though haha
 Yeah you should try it again. It's not that bad. The guitarist of Queen also has a PHD in astrophysics, how would you know that haha
 Yes it's Hybrid Theory, it's the best selling album of the 21st century so far, we'll have to see if that holds true for the rest of the century
 Yep they did. And then they just re-recorded all the songs LOL that's very genius actually
 I knew they was a big success but not this success
 Do you know that there are controllers created for quadrilpegics so that they are able to play xbox 360 and other consoles
 20th Century Fox thought it was going to flop...how crazy
 Did You hear ? There are cat cafes in japan and taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks!
 I actually saw something like on one of my favorite TV shows, Girls. I guess that is one way to get your pet fix in! 
 Really ? Did it look cool ?
 My little dogs even caught a rabbit outside. I was shocked, because they aren't much bigger than a rabbit themselves. 
 what ? what breed of a dog You have :)
 Tripping? I have three dogs and I find it hard to believe.
 I found that number to be a little high, too. I do accidentally trip over my dogs, because they are often underfoot. But, I also used to work for an emergency department, and I don't remember too many "tripped over dog" chief complaints. 
 Do you apologize to your dog when you accidentally trip over him? I do. I even find myself saying "excuse me" sometimes to my dogs! LOL!
 I'm not a big cat fan myself, but I believe that about sleeping. I find it pretty funny how crazy some people can be about cats. Did you know that there are cat cafe's in Japan and Taiwan where people pay by the hour to play with cats?
 I wonder what that's like? I'm surprised it's even legal. Ha! Something else that surprises me is the cat seen in the opening scene of Godfather 1 was actually a stray cat they found on the set. It's cool he got a cameo! Ha!
 Nothing like a cat walk to draw attention to himself, LOL. There is even a cat mayor in Talkeetna, Alaska.
 Pretty funny if you ask me, especially so long-lasting as having started in 1989. Radio taps in to the emotion with music. Sound frequencies affect humans. One sound frequency causes fear.
 That is so crazy. It makes me wonder how they found that out. We also don't synthesize our own vitamin C. I guess humans have a defective enzyme, but animals and plants can do that.
 That is wild, isn't it? Like something else I find bizarre, we humans could have possibly lost our body hair only 240k years ago! Can you believe that?
 Crazy if you ask me. Makes for colder winters, LOL. Humans are also supposed to be the best distance runners among animals.
 hey did you know the three horizontal lines you see all over the internet is called a hamburger button? That term makes me hungry haha
 ha no I never do, I'm shocked that 7 percent of people actually read those, that seems high actually imo haha
 yes I wonder how much space that takes up, and how often they back it up, it would be horrible for the entire internet to go down but at least you could get cell service on mount everest!
 do you like Kanye West at all? Apparently he thinks AIDS is man made
 haha ya wouldn't surprise me, he is nice I guess he gave a fan in a wheelchair a microphone at his concert one time
 well I do like some songs, like I like the song GOld digger, it ws written in a minor key which is apparently rare
 right? and now theyre worth around $104,000,000,000. Thats so many zeros
 and hes discovering a lot of new artists. he signed o Big Sean who has blown up recently too
 Do you think it was intentional that they have 3g service on Mt Everest? 
 So true! Hard to believe they are also available in 86 different countries! That's almost unheard of it seems!
 I agree. The Simpsons are one of the best shows of all time. I couldn't believe Fox threatened to sue them simply for parodying the network. Which goes back to what you said earlier about trusting the reliability of news sources.
 I can only imagine considering how massive it is. The internet is so popular, there's apparently 3G cell service as well as internet atop Mt. Everest!
 I can believe that, sadly!  Are you a fan of concerts by chance? I'll never forget the band Creed putting on a show where four people who attended filed a lawsuit against them. Crazy! 
 Absolutely! how much do you think the news outlets dedicate to opinion?
 I agree. Suposedly, fox news dedicates 55% and msnbc is 85% to opinion. 
 Yes. I agree. Do you know what it is called when you look yourself up on the internet? Egosurfing! 
 Yes it is. In 2001, the Neopets was the fourth most trafficked website on the internet, 8 spots in front of google. But this was also the time when google wasn't what it is now.\
 Wow! That is a lot. It is most definitely the most important energy source for life on Earth.
 I can see that it is massive since it is 109 times the diameter of the Earth. I would never imagine that from my perspective from Earth.
 Me either. What kind of cellphone do you have?
 I am happy to say I have an I Phone. The US Nuclear ICBM Deterrent does not have as much computing power as an I Phone.
 I do as well.  14.9 horsepower is the peak power output of an individual horse.
 That is an interesting fact.  So is the fact that sunlight directly affects the lenghg of horse hair.
 I did not know that.  I did learn that the sunset on Mars is blue.
 I think I remember hearing that somewhere.  Helium was discovered on the Sun before it was discovered on Earth.
 You sound smart as well.  The sun is so big, it makes up almost all (99.86%) of the mass in our solar system.
 Yes, hard to imagine!!!! And it's even harder to imagine that a lightening bolt is actually hotter than the surface of the sun!!!!!!
 Pretty huge!  Speaking of huge, can you believe that cables carrying phone and internet data actually cross the oceans???? That's a wonder to me.  Imagine the work to lay those cables, and they are only 2.7 inches in diameter!!!!
 I don't know how they do that. The sun is nearly a perfect spear.  It is made of hot plasma.
 Hmmmm....that's interesting.  I didn't know that.  So does that mean it's moving all the time?
 Hello,  yes I like horses.  Did you know clint eastwood is allergic to horses? lol he does so many western movies . 
 Probably a lot of Claritin lol 
 That is really neat,  although I am not well educated on horse gaits.  I hear dalmatians are known to calm and protect horses. 
 I cant imagine riding a horse to school,  depending how far the school is.  I took some horse riding lessons and only after an hours my legs were sore.  2 kids rode horses to school and got suspended. 
 Yes,  everyday actually.  How about you?
 yeah my parents had a few in their house,  it was really annoying. 
 yeah Ive used phone books.  apparently it is impossible to separate  phone books,  have you ever tried?
 Yeah good question. With all this privacy business going down. The company was valued at 104 billion in 2012!
 Interesting lol. The Zuck has red-green colorblindness so that's why it's blue!
 It is definitely possible. Iceland is re-writing the constitution via Facebook allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations. That is very interesting.
 It is true 30% of american adults use facebook as their primary source of news
 Im surprised Jupiter saves earth from many asteroids. Its so far away
 You could fit all the planets in between earth and the moon and still have room left over to spare.
 Crazy to think about all that stuff. Out of all the things in the universe and here we are
 Oh wow, that's alot. Eminem actually has more Oscars than Leonardo Decaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas, and Bill Murray combined!
 That's pretty cool. I'd like to have a Cadillac with a flame thrower equipped to it. That's actually legal in South Africa to prevent carjacking. 
 That would help for sure! It would help melt the snow quicker than the sun can. It might be better than a lighting bolt hitting it, which is 5x hotter than the surface of the sun. 
 That's wild, what's even wilder is that it's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy!
 That is really interesting. The sun actually produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years. 
 hey did you know that the sun is actually white?
 yup you're right, also the sun is the earth's most important energy source, it's diameter is about 100x that of Earth
 that is crazy, also I wish we could directly harness the suns energy, one second would meet our needs for 500,000 years
 yes I do, I can't believe that the drive through only existed since 1975!
 that is cool! I live in Michigan and I never knew that the man who founded Detroit had the last name of Cadillac
 ah yes i played it back in the day, I guess this one guy became a professional racecar driver after beating 90k people at that game
 Me too, the Academy Awards are reserved for the best actors. Eminem is a super actor with one.
 that is really wild, what is also wild is that the Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys in 2013, like how does that work? haha
 Yes, did you know Brian May of Queen both has a PhD in astrophysics and uses English coins for a pic, you'd think with a PhD you could afford a pack of guitar pics.
 I want to see a picture, also weird I have 16gb of ram and I guess the space shuttle only has 1mb haha
 yup that is weird! I guess they consider it a "biohazard" for their employees
 I like them too!  Did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the Jaws sound track?
 I did not. I didn't even know he played the clarinet! That's interesting!
 Daft punk negotiated the tron soundtrack over a pancake breakfast and wore their helmets. Seems weird.
 Yeah. I have heard a few of those crazy stories. Like artists bringing 30 cats on tour with them. Who does that?
 HAHAHA. How would cats entertain you? I will never forget watching hoarders with my wife (her show, not mine) and being shocked when the family cat was found dead under boxes of crap.
 I know. I just played my son's PS4 last week and it was amazing. I played contra in December on a throw back unit and it was pretty basic.
 Oh, interesting. I am not too familiar with actors but Daniel Day Lewis is the only actor to have won the Oscars three times.
 And Eminem has more Oscars than many famous actors combined, like Leonardo Decaprio and Johnny Depp.
 Yeah, I didn't know that. It was his Benz Patent-Motorwagen.
 have you seen bohemian rhapsody? did you know the guitarist brian may has a phd in astrophysics?
 i thought it was great. they all had phd's if i remember correctly. brian may also uses coins as guitar picks
 eddie van halen set studio speakers on fire while recording a solo. i wonder if it was on purpose or if he played that violently lol?
 thats interesting and yes very risky. but I bet they had fun doing it. I guess you have to do some off the wall things to have a recognized sound
 I have watched the simpsons since I was a kid; Bart himself has only missed one episode this whole time; amazing!
 i know right, seems crazy to have him in almost every one then to forget him completely in that one
 Really?! That is awesome!
 Hello,  do you like television?  It looks like there is only one episode in the simpsons that Bart is not in!  Crazy,  hes the star of the show!  lol 
 I have no clue,  maybe so people like us would wonder lol 
 Its ok,  I have only seen 2 episodes.  I haven't seen Aquaman either yet,  but I think we are going to see it this weekend finally!  The previews look so good!  Did you know there is an animal show called game of Lions lol 
 Not sure, I can only recall the 8 mile, will defenitely search for that. Now Walt Disney having 22 oscars that makes a lot more sense.
 tupac was actually a ballet dancer in high school believe it or not!
 Whoa I hope to never get struck by lightning! Actually the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in the galaxy so pretty tiny.
 Holy cow. That is lightning fast. Reading is powerful, it actually caused a moral panic back in the 18th century. 
 Sometimes although I am not a good dancer. Surprisingly Bruce Lee was a championship dancer back in 1958!
 Haha very cool and happy. Tupac also was a lesser known dancer and he did ballet in highschool!
 Ohh so thats how he did that move. Good to know. RIP Michael!
 Yes!  Jumping back to when we were talking about the sun....I just realized that it accounts for the 99.86 percent of the total mass of the solar system.  Wow!
 4700 word per minute is very fast. I probably can read that in an hour!
 it is trange how in the 18th century there was a moral panic becuase people were reading nivels
 yeah and to think nowadays we have a crisis where people do not read anough
 I did not know that, that is a cool fact. too bad it was discontinued in japan in 2003
 He won a steve martin look alike contest!
 that is such a strange way to get into the industry
 Ronald Reagan was rejected from a movie role because he did not look like a president!
 haha that is so funny because he then became a real repsident. good for him.
 I'm ashamed to admit it, but yes, I did.  I was alot younger back then and it was fun.  But, that was a big mistake on their part, I bet they've kicked themselves many times over that mistake.
 Me too.  People get fed incorrect info all the time from the internet and believe that crap.  Did you know Facebook's "like" button us illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein?
 I'm somewhat of a speed reader, myself.  I learned how as a child, but i'm nowhere near as fast as her, though!
 That's awesome for him, I never knew that about him.
 You're correct!  I would have thought it would have been peace, but literature, it was!
 haha i bet that was entertaining to see. how in the heck did someone read 4700 words per minute?!?!?!
 Haha, the NFC East is well represented this year nonetheless.  I'm looking forward to it for sure.  The Eagles coach, Pederson, coached high school football in my hometown.
 It was a cat really? do you have a pet?
 hey, did you know teh emperor of Japan is a scientist?
 that is crazy! scientists are important, even the term was invented in 1833
 Harrison Schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon, which is crazy! 
 that is, you'd think all astronauts would be scientists, did you know a scientist invented the internet in 1989
 wow that is crazy, I like TDR a lot thats funny he had 20 pets!
 Japan has more pets than children under the age of 15! Do they eat dogs there? In some countries, that's normal.
 haha I hope not! what is weird is in colorado you don't "own" pets you are only a guardian, so TDR was a guardian of 20 pets haha
 Thats funny. Are you a fan of television history? 
 wow that is crazy, I wonder if they just forgot him, do you ever watch south park?
 oh yes I remember her now, I guess her mom filed a lawsuit against Oxygen for 35 million dollars
 It is. I am super shocked by that one. I realize that Bart is essential to the show but it's been on so long that I would have assumed there was more than one that did not feature him. 
 That's surprising to me since they are normally treated as property in a court of law which I am not a fan of. I think of them as family. 
 True. Speaking of pets, in Japan there are more pets than there are children under 15. That surprises me because I wouldn't think you would have room for pets in the highly populated areas like Tokyo. 
 lol, not surprised with 750 episodes 16 years worth! omg
 True, lol... Yeah, I think in 400 episodes he had 188 jobs! I would like to see that one show.
 I know, he really loved them. You must have cats, they own you. Both my dogs and cat are demanding. I spoil them to bits. 
 Ha, ha, ha, could be!! That's funny.  I wonder if this Emperor has one of those chips in his head that gives you an IQ of 200? Great Chat!!
 What is that? Something between rappers?
 Oh my gosh. Thats terrible! I wonder why the rapper community gas so much drama? I read where rapper TI got arrested for public drunkeness.
 Thats probably a good thing! I do like Eminem, but he has quite a checkered past too.
 I am also a fan of his, I like that he doesn't hide the fact that he did some stuff he is not proud of and owns up to it. He has turned his attention toward being more politically motivated these days. It's an interesting change in his songs.
 I like it. He originally wanted to be a comic book artist. I wonder if he will pursue that?
 REally? the guy from Jay and Silent bob?
 true! would take a lot of time! I hear Korean rappers have started something called compliment battles!
 I bet you could! You'll have to let me know if you do! Do you know any of Kanye wests music?
 I had no idea! Our family is really into the sport. There is nothing like being at the ballpark! Can you believe a man found 3 million dollars worth of baseball card in his grandfathers house?! What a lucky guy!
 Hello,  yes sometimes.  How about yourself?  Did you know kickball can also be called soccer-baseball?  lol 
 I do sometimes, as well. No, I didn't know that! Too funny! Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises.
 That seems weird,  don't they have like 20 something players in the dugout?  lol plus,  not to be mean but some of the coaches are kinda old,  you wouldn't want them to get hurt!
 Haha, exactly. Must be an old rule. A man found 3 million worth of baseball cards in his grandpa's attic!
 I wish that happened to me! lol all we found in my grandpas storage was old tools and a lot of hats!  lol I didn't realize baseball is so popular in Japan!
 I only know cause it takes place in PA, where I'm from. There are 2430 MLB games a year!
 Yup. Apparently a married couple were the ones who scheduled all the games for 24 years!
 Yeah,  good for Anne Jones!  I was just reading that there was a moral panic because too many people were reading novels.  lol reading is good for people,  calm down 18th century lol 
 I never read that one either,  I saw the movie though!  It was good.  I also read that star ship troopers was on the military reading list for certain branches.  I loved that movie!
 It is interesting that it's roots go back to West AFrican oral tradition or praise-singers. We probably though we came up with the idea recently!
 That's highly possible. Rapper Eminem's true dream was to be a comic book artist!
 I guess Kanye West is really successful in this area. He's sings, writes songs and produces records. Oh, and he designs clothes too! I guess he could design clothes for his own videos.
 Yes. I had no idea that he was born in 1977. I thought he was a lot younger that what he is!
 He's been around a while! It seems a little strange to  me that he thinks humans created AIDS. I guess he subscribes to conspiracy theories!
 Oh my. That is something else. I know he can be a good guy. I know he has given his mic to a fan in a wheelchair.
 I remember that spoof! He was making fun of himself interrupting people at awards shows!
 Yep! Since it's not my favorite kind of music, I can't imagine who his song 'Gold Digger' sounds, written in a minor key. Obviously it's not common since it's the only one in the 10 ten that uses a minor key. How does it sound?
 I like it. It has a good beat and is entertaining while it tells a story. I had no idea that he signed rapper Big Sean!
 Me neither and I am really surprised that he gave up a full scholarship to Michigan State. He's obviously really smart to have a GPA of 3.7. I guess he is happy with his decision?
 I would think that the good GPA is the reason he could make good music.  It was bold of him to turn down a scholarship to Michigan State.
 Oh, you may be right, if he was a music major! I listen to music on my phone all the time. I guess the power than it has ( more than what is used to power the whole nuclear ICBN deterrent system uses!) means we get to stream some great tunes!
 I read that too. New York's area code is 212 because they are lazy....
 I don't really watch the Simpsons. I did see that there is only one episode without Bart.
 That's a lot of episodes. Pokemon is pretty popular with the younger crowd. I haven't ever really watched it.
 Oh ok got it. That makes sense. Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules in his youth. 
 Now that is a surprise. Did he write anything else?
 It says something about Oedipus as well. I'm guessing that's some sort of God. 
 Lol...me too. In the 1950's a judge tried to ban science fiction because it featured a black character.
 A little bit of both. Panda researchers wear panda costumes to work?
 If you ever get bored on YouTube, watch a japan game. It's like an SEC football game. It is non-stop cheering and yelling. Crazy!
 Pretty amazing! I also heard that he actually practiced interrupting at award shows before the Taylor Swift incident on SNL in a skit.
 lol, I never knew that. Did you know Japanese baseball fans don't associate baseball as America's pastime?
 Damn, cashiers at the supermarket make more than that
 What's crazy is people get scholarships for softball, there was one college softball game that lasted 31 innings
 Yea, I find it fascinating they were able to transfer sound from a voice into electronic signals
 from time to time, did you know baseball coaches can play if they are required to?
 How true.  I was surprised to find out that in Japan basesball is so popular some of the Japanese people are shocked to find out it's America's national pastime.
 talk about luck. there is a couple who scheduled all 2430 major baseball leagues games for 24 years. what a job
 Can you say reliable, dependable, and apparently very organized to accomplish that.  My wife and I can't seem to coordinate our trips to the dentist, doctor, and eye doctor.
 yeah and they get paid very very little less than $6000
 Amen to that.  Do you know the YMCA claims to have invented softball, in addition to volleyball and basketball.
 Oh I did not know that, interesting. softball was also the first sport ing event shown in espn.
 Yeah, I remember that game between the Kentucky Bourbons and Milwaukee Schlitz.  Couldn't have those names nowadays, with all the political correctness.  Lol
 That would be the Creighton versus Utah.  It lasted 31 innings.  That's wild.
 That is indeed wild. they must have been so exhausted and happy to be done
 Sounds like Cree Nix, a LeBron employee, may have leaked Jankins's idea. Not good if the judge thinks the case has standing and merit.
 I found that odd. They can usually stop but to pay them the fee, I thought was odd.
 Even Under Armor. New Balance is getting in the game too.
 hey Did you know that Judge Judy makes over 120k dollars per episode
 I'm familiar with her... I believe she used to do a variety show where she'd play different characters.  I remember someone comparing her to Tracy Ulman.  Did you know, she was the FIRST celebrity to ever appear on Sesame Street?  They've had a pretty diverse group of people on their show over the years!
 ya he seems like it, he raised over 6 million dollars for charity from his TV show decision thing he did
 Pretty business savvy too, he once turned down 10 million offer from Reebok when was 18 because he though Nike or Adidas might offer him more.  Then, later, Nike offered him NINETY million!  Man 90 million just to wear a set of shoes!  Can't imagine being that famous.
 I remember seeing Daniel Day as Lincoln in the movie!  That was pretty cool!  Gosh, I dunno... big fan of Mila Kunis.  LOL.  I think Robin Williams is really funny, sad how he died though.  Did you know he started the whole trend of celebrities doing animated voice with Aladdin?  
 that is nice of him! do you follow basketball? I guess granny style is the best way to do free throws
 Really?  That's amazing.  I bet no one shoots like that though because they don't want to look silly!  HAHA!  Did you know Air Jordan's were banned at first in basketball but Jordan wore them anyway because Nike would pay the fine?  Had to be worth the publicity.  
 haha that is awesome! what is wild is that Tim Duncan stayed in college for the 4 years to get his degree instead of just going right to the NBA
 Oh, yeah, that was a big risk on his part, the option may not have been there when he got out, but he probably felt education was important!  Speaking of shoes, Allen Iverson has got an endorsement with Reebok that pays him $800,000 a year until he's 55!  I tell ya, where do shoe companies get all this money?
 haha I want to sponsor reebok! wouldnt it be interesting to be Reggie Miller? You think you're good and yet you get out scored by your sibling haha
 that is true, I guess he only found out on a car ride home that she out scored and broke like 8 records haha
 i did not know the NBA had 30 teams. that's alot!
 oh my gosh that is the best news.  he won't top MJ but it will be amazing!
 he is set for life. shooting "granny style" is the absolute best technique to consistently score points on the line. but NBA players wont do it because it looks stupid! How funny!
 I had no idea the YMCA invented softball. That is very cool! I wonder if softball was always intended to be more of a women's sport, like it is now.
 Oh wow, that's an interesting fact. I like softball the best though. crazy though how the average salary for a softball player is only $5,000 to $6,000 
 Exactly, and softball is actually a tougher sport to win with slightly different rules than in baseball. There is less time to get to the bases.
 No, I didn't. That seems like a very long time. I bet the players were exhausted. I wonder if that was before or after there was night lighting on the field. 
 Wow! I would have thought that the US nuclear icbm had more. I remember they were on the cutting edge of technology when they came out. 
 I do too. Funny they can technically play if they are needed.
 I'd like to see a 75 year old manager take the field sometime haha. I wish I was the guy who found that valuable card collection in his grandpa's attic!
 That would have been nice. I saw he found three million dollars worth!
 That would be a nice little find. I wonder if there are baseball cards in Japan since it is so popular there!
 I have heard that too. Did you know kickball in Canada is called soccer-baseball?
 That would be hard to say ten times fast lol. I like how softball has made its way into our past time, but professionals only make 5000 to 6000 dollars!
 I think so too. That's not a lot of money at all!
 Not at all. I feel bad! I'm sure the YMCA was hoping for more success in volleyball, softball, and basketball when the invented it!
 Jose Conseco claims to hold the record for the longest softball homerun.
 Was this when he was taking steroids or before haha? I couldn't have sat through the 31 inning game when it happened in 1991!
 haha probably during his steroid use. That's way too long of a game for me too!
 I would be in my REM cycle on inning 10 haha. Did you know the first sporting event on ESPN was a slow pitch softball game?
 They have tons of computing power. More than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent system which is scary.
 So scary! I need to do the UNICEF challenge where they donate clean water to kids for every minute you're not on your cellphone!
 I'm going to go look into that. It was a pleasure chatting, have a great day!
 did you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid TV actor ever?
 Just how much does he make?  
 Speaking of dr. shows, Graham Chapman who was of Monty Python actually was a real doctor before getting into comedy.  That must have been hard giving up.
 Ya it seems like those traits would be mutually explusive, also Demetri martin was accepted into harvard law, but left to start a comedy career because he was bored
 It takes someone special to be appreciated in comedy.  Comedy Central already cancelled 100 shows since coming into existence in 1989.  Sounds like a tough business, but if you succeed you can do well.
 That is crazy, but yes I remember them cancelling a lot of programs I liked actually. Thats about when I stopped watching them and cancelled cable haha
 A lot of money is spent on comedy in the movies.  Evan Almighty even spent $200 million dollars.  I wonder how much they made as a profit.
 That is a crazy amount, I have never actually seen that movie have you? I heard good things but that is a lot to spend on a comedy
 Do you believe that Green Lantern was going to be a comedy originally?  I'm not sure of any superhero movie comedies, are you?
 Do you watch Amazon Prime videos?  They have a hit called "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. "  Alex Borstein won awards for her roles in it.
 I haven't seen that, I do like Alex Borstein she was hilarious on Mad TV, what is this amazon prime show about?
 Sometimes I do.  I can access just about anything I want on Amazon.  Amazon actually has a 
 Either guts or not thinking straight.  Do you follow soap operas?  They're named after the fact that soap companies sponsored.  I never knew that!
 Wow. That's crazy! Like a lightning bolt being hotter than the sun. Who knew!
 Yeah. There's a lot of lost opportunity with solar. Neptune just finished its first orbit around the sun!
 I can believe that.  The earth is a little speck 93 million miles away and the sun radiates in every direction.  And the earth still receives a lot of energy.
 Im sure many uneducated people would think that was a fictional statement. Do you know much about fiction? It is my favorite genre.
 Yeah I can't believe it beat out Seinfeld AND Friends. Two of my all time favorites. 
 Totally agree with you. High Laurie on the other hand doesn't mind I'm sure as he rakes in 700,000 per episode of House, MD.
 That much money! wow, that is a lot, he must be one of the highest paid actors in the media
 Do you find that font to be easier on the eyes? I didn't really notice a difference, but appreciate the thought. Can't believe the first customer spent less than $30 but got a building named after him
 I actually find it super useful especially for lightning deals, but I didn't know that Apple licenses that technology.
 Oh wow, that seems like an interesting show to watch. I prefer comedy films with an emphasis on humor. Apparently there is a genre of movies called bromantic comedies which include movies like The Hangover.
 Well they must've had to hire so many animal trainers for that film. Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for his work on "House"
 Oh I liked that film, I also prefer dramas but Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from movies that don't project positivity, I don't think I took him for a dramatic actor though
 Now that is an interesting fact! I like all of them, he must be a great teacher!
 Glad to know there's someone out there who admires Ramsey as much as I do, though I've never eaten at any of his restaurants. Really? are they still sponsored by soap manufactures?
 I did not know that! I wonder if they will start producing their own movies like netflix?
 Probably, since they seem to get into everything else! I guess that's why they have the arrow in their logo. Seems it means they have everything from A to Z! And they really do, when you search for things.
 Thats true! and it has made Bezos rich. He actually put a clock into a mountain,
 We've had a few things that were supposed to be delivered on Sunday but both times, they came on Monday. Maybe they were just super swamped with orders. We've  been wanting to visit their website where you can buy returned and like-new items.
 Mostly comedy. Some drama but I'm not too into the violence on some dramas. It's funny that the Green Lantern was first meant to be a comedy. I just can't picture that!
 I really can't understand why Even Almighty was the most expensive comedy ever made. How could it cost 200 million. It was good but, that's crazy.
 I couldn't figure that out either! And that Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is so funny.
 Yes, and the sun is also huge. It's over 10 times of size of Earth. However, human will never travel on the sun... It's just impossible lol
 It's really impressive to understand that 1 second of energy produced by the sun is enough for our planet for 500 000 years. It's really a lot... 
 True. We aren't able to keep it. But we may take some amount. This is why solar energy is developing field...
 I have spent SOOO much money at  amazon.  Its no wonder  they managed to get a deal with the usps to deliver packages on sunday
 Yea, we have two SUVS and I actually work with cars. I would love a flamethrower
 Besides cars now being made of plastic or carbon fiber, I bet they are safer now without real wood trunks!
 That's interesting! I also didnt know that someone became a pro race car driver after beating 90000 people in gran turismo
 I probably wouldn't rank real high as my main superpower is likely sneezing loudly. What would you power be?
 I think it's funny George RR Martin hates fan fiction and calls it bad exercise.
 im in fear still, though i seen in this reading that Democrats have become significantly more supportive of Muslims since Trump has become president...shocking really!
 good, I would like to discuss presidents. republican presidents have been the only ones to ever have a beard 
 I knew about GOP, did not know it stood for that. red and blue terms for the parties first started in 2000
 That's interesting. I thought they would have started before that. Did you know that the last time there wasn't a republican or democrat president was 1853?
 wow, its been since 1928 that a republican was elected without a nixon or bush on the ticket. 
 Changing subjects real quick. Did you know that there is 3G cell service at the top of Mt Everest?
 I did not, a hamburger button is the three horizontal line menu on apps and websites 
 interesting, the library of Alexandria saved a copy of the internet just in case of the internet burning down 
 interesting, one last thing on the internet, real addiction in the brain can be caused by constant novelty from clicking links 
 I believe that. Addiction can be anything. Did you know rapping and hip-hop music are interchangeable in todays music. 
 sounds right, speaking about rap, Tupac's music is in the library of congress
 interesting, in the 1998 rugrats movie the reptar wagon was voiced by Busta rhymes 
 That's cool. Korean rappers have invented a new type of freestyle called 'compliment battle'.
 wow, the judge in a Eminem cased delivered her ruling as a rap. 
 there are three components to rapping, they are content, flow and delivery
 In 1960 rap meant to converse. 
 interesting, rap can be traced back to ancient Egyptian practices. 
 yes, The word originally meant to lightly strike
 interesting , DJ hollywood is the person credited with creating the style
 yeah, cats do go back!  That's cool thought that they used a stray cat in the Godfather movie.
 Well, they became mayor so you never know!
 I'm not sure. That's just what I heard. Do you read the terms when you buy something on the internet?
 It has definitely become a big deal. Some countries laws even include facebook. In Germany the "like" button is illegal.
 Never even thought of that! Then again who needs ice cream when you can get free whoppers! I'll delete 10 people.
 I do too, it's sad that there's not as many comedies on NBC like there used to be. They had Seinfeld, Friends, 30-Rock, The Office, Park and Rec, now it's mostly dramas.  
 I've heard of him. He was on the Daily Show. Wasn't he going to Harvard before he got into comedy?
 Wow, well he made good gamble. Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy.
 I remember him, he was on Whose Line Is It Anyway. I didn't know he dropped out. 
 I didn't really like it, but it won The Golden Globe for the best comedy series in 1997. That's surprising considering the competition. It beat Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier!  
 I loved Friends.
 I do like Monty Python. It's ironic that I'm learning computer programming. There's a language that I'm learning called Python. It was actually named partly in honor of Monty Python.
 I had learned it recently, it's pretty interesting. Did you know that "The Green Lantern" was originally going to be a comedy starring Jack Black? I wonder if they were trying to make it like Deadpool?
 Drama are "hot", I have heard that "This is US" is quite popular, have you seen it  or heard of it?
 I've actually never seen it. I would be curious to see it too since he says it's the best comedy ever. Have you ever heard of Demetri Martin.
 Yeah. I used to watch his specials all the time and then he disappeared. I always thought he was pretty funny.
 I kind of like Jim Carrey. Some of his movies are pretty funny but some of them are a little over the top. I didn't know about the whole drama thing or belief system either. I know he's real into making art right now. i feel like he does paintings a lot now instead of the whole show business thing.
 I used to love it back in the days, but I haven't seen it since I have been an adult. I didn't really know other people liked it as much as I did. I was surprised to see it beat out so many big hitter's when it comes to comedy. Were you a House fan?
 I have sen it a few times. I never could really get into that show very much. I did see that it was a Golden Globe for best comedy series though. 
 Yes, I've has it for a number of years now.  I got it for the free two day shipping, I didn't know I'd get all this other stuff.
 It's pretty convenient! I heard there are 100 million members!
 That's a  lot of money they get every year from memberships.  100 million multiplies by $120!
 Incredible. There are cheaper membership, like the student ones, but I bet most people are paying full price. 
 I'm sure! Hard to believe they've only been around since 1994, seems like forever!
 I use to work in a book store.  I always knew they'd be the end of us.  I sooner work in a real book store than their warehouses, you have to walk 7 to 15 miles each day!
 No thank you! I used to buy my textbooks there when they first started. Their first customer got a building named for him. 
 That's true. They're very popular too! 137 million subscribers!
 Definitely! Especially with all of their original series. They've been making their own shoes for seven years already. 
 For sure! They could have had it for around 50 million. 
 Really? I didn't know that. Netflix was started after the founder was frustrated with a late fee he got on a rented video. 
 I do too. I was surprised to learn there are 97 million prime members!
 Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years.
 That's so cool! The first amazon.com customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him. 
 I need stock in Amazon.  I remember seeing that the first customer spent $27.95 on Amazon.  They named a building after him.
 It's come a long way since then! United states postal service has a contract with amazon to deliver your packages on sunday.
 Good, I may need my stuff on Sunday, lol.  Did you know that as part of their daily shift, Amazon warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles a day
 Wow! I believe it. I didn't realize Amazon has been around since 1994!
 I wish I had time to watch more on Netflix. They have 137 million total subscribers worldwide. 
 But even with all those customers, as of 2017, they had $21.9 Billion In debt.
 Wow! they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 That sounds like a lot.  I remember years ago, Blockbuster had a chance to buy Netflix for $50 million.  Should have done it becuase Netflix is now worth $2 Billion.
 I didn't know that. I did know that Reed Hastings, how started Netflix got the idea after racking up a $40 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13.
 I didn't realize that. Amazon owns a lot! They are also s the world's largest provider of cloud infrastructure services.
 I like that. Lincoln Continental haha. Very strange that every president with a beard has been a republican though haha
 Well wasn't she a republican back in college apparently haha. Maybe she shaved her beard and then became a Democrat haha. And I guess there hasn't been a president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1853
 Oh I'll have to check it out. I think it's so funny that there was a moral Panic back in the 1700s because everyone was reading
 are you telling me he cannot do that move naturally??
 speaking of a surprising dancer, Tupac danced ballet in High School!
 hey thats great. Did you hear about Anne Jones?
 Anne Jones, she holds the world record for speed reading right now. Apparently she can read 4700 words PER MINUTE
 Yeah.  I'm not sure how the military could put Starship Troopers on their reading lists.  Entertaining yes, tactical no...
 I guess babies don't have to worry about that.  The spontaneously dance when they hear music naturally.  
 Cute.  Are you into politics?  I guess the red and blue colors for the different parties didn't start until 2000.
 Also weird is that every president with a beard has been GOP.
 Yes, I thought it would be easier but I was wrong.. 
 I just like to read in general. It's hard to believe that in the 18th Century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Yes.  I didn't know that we are going to run out of helium by the end of this century!  
 I have before... "Oh the humanity..." Things have changed.  A single Google search takes more computing than sending Neil Armstrong and  11 others to the moon.
 Yeah, I don't remember that... It's wild that Google Maps calculates traffic by using existing Android devices moving down the road...
 I have trained many people on that convention.   I wonder if it is universal including places like India.
 I'm not sure,  if so I hope they have support groups for these!  The current library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 lol doesn't bother me,  but some people should be concerned. There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt. everest
 I wonder if anyone fakes it, claims to have done it.   Do you think it is easier in theu or winter to go to the peak of Mt. Everest?
 I have no clue.  7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road
 Which assumes that Android is the dominant platform.
 Also,  if Google is tracking all Andriods thats a little scary.
 Yes, especially if they will sell the information to others people.   I am sure that some divorce lawyers in Silicon Valley would be very interested.
 On 16th august 2013 google went down for about five minutes, and took 40% of web traffic with it.
 There's 3G on the peak of Mt Everest so I think it is working!
 Yeah I dont know how that gets there if its satellite or something else. I read Google was using balloons to try to make broadband more accessible in remote areas.
 That's innovative. I wonder if it will work. It may cause addiction from all the clicking though...
 I like checking my emails and learning. Like i found out just now the 3 horizontal lines is called a hamburger.
 Just don't click it too much or you'll get addicted!
 Good thing.  Most people don't even read what is going on for the internet.  Only 7% look at full terms of agreement on the internet.  It shows you how people trust the internet.  Do you trust it?
 Sometimes.  If you go hiking, don't worry because there is 3 g cell service on Mt. Everest's peak!
 Sad thing about technology is that now the environment is suffering with more than 80% of Earth's forests destroyed.
 I can't believe searching google takes more computing power than it took to get to the moon for astronauts.
 When google goes down, it's horrible.  They once went down in 2013 and 40% of web traffic went with it.
 That's crazy. I heard that netflix uses 33% of internet traffic.
 Well if an alien ever interferes with the internet traffic, the UN has an official ambassador to deal with it.
 Earth was only 5.5 hours long when first formed, so I'm not sure how aliens could see us if it were dark.
 Hmm, I did not know that.
 Hi! Hope you're doing well!  I am a huge fan of Natalie Portman! But I am surprised that she was upstaged by Raffey Cassidy in Vox Lux. I've never even heard of the young actress! What about you?
 I didn't know people liked them either as I had never heard of them. Can you believe The Dark Side of the Moon was still one of best selling albums in 2014 despite being released over 40 years ago? That goes to show good music never dies!
 Ha! She could afford several albums making $123k per episode, couldn't she? Crazy to think she's the highest paid celebrity, second to LeBron!
 No kidding! Ha! I tell you something I would have like to have seen in person is that concert Creed put on back in 2002 that was so godawful, a few fans in attendance actually filed a lawsuit against Creed. I can't imagine a concert being that bad. Ha!
 Really you dont? how come? I do have one, mainly to keep in touch with friends and family.
 Yes, they have both been very loyal companions and def are man's best friend.  I don't know their blood type and was shocked to learn recently that dogs can donate blood to other dogs.
 I know right! You know I used to think my dogs saw things in black and white, but now I've learned that dogs can see color, just not as many different ones as a human, but they are not color blind.
 So have you seen Vox Lux? The movie seems like it's a drama film with music as well, I never knew she could sing.
 I see. I can't believe Linkin Park played 324 concerts in one year! That's almost one concert everyday! It must've been hard to keep track of where they were and what time zone they were in. 
 I can't believe Abba turned down so much money for little work
 that is a lot of money to turn down! Wonder if there are any regrets! How come they turned it down?
 Oh, that makes sense! It's insane how much these celebrities make! Judge Judy makes over $120K per episode! She's the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James
 Yeah that's shocking you would think that gorillas would also understand pointing because they should be smarter than dogs or elephants, I was also shocked to learn that dogs are not actually colorblind, I don't know why everyone says they are
 Haha that's funny! I also think it's funny that the Facebook like button is banned in schleswig-holstein, which is a state in Germany, I wonder why
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
 Hello. Speaking of chatting, I recently learned that the bars of service on a cell phone have absolutely nothing to do with the connection quality. Now that's surprising.
 I'm not sure. Doesn't make sense to me. Cell phones have been around longer than we thought. In the 1930's, an actress named Hedy Lamarr helped to invent wifi, the cellphone and gigs. Thats surprising!
 actress ? I wonder how she did that...
 Right! As a matter of fact, the fiddle and the violin are the same instrument. What sets them apart from each other is the type of music its used to play. I always think of a violin as fancier than a fiddle.
 No. I haven't heard of it. And I always thought Michael Jackson was the creater of the Moonwalk... Wrong!!! It was atap dancer named Bill Bailey who performed it first...back in 1955!!
 Me too! Emilia Clarke did the funky chicken and robot dance at an audition. I always associated the robot with the 70's!!
 Have you ever seen a parrot dance? Their ability to dance is tied to their ability to mimic and speak. I've seen a parrot dance a couple of times. Pretty cool.
 I didn't know that! I've heard they can actually donate blood at special blood drives, I'm sure that makes it more complicated.
 Jeff Bezos certainly is useful wow. Maybe he should spend more time caring for workers though, I know Amazon warehouse workers have to walk between 7 and 15 miles every day, that seems way too much
 People are certainly passionate about reading. The world record of speed reading is about 4,700 words per minute, I can't imagine retaining all that information.
 Amazon is the second largest retailer to Alibaba Group in total Sales. The fact that he went from selling books online to selling everything online is amazing!
 I think it is funny how in the 18th century there was a moral panic that so many people were reading novels. for shame! ha!
 If only they could see today where everyone is reading! Did you know that military branches have reading lists? 
 Only dogs and elephants have the natural ability to point!
 So interesting! I was unaware that dogs can donate blood for other dogs. How crazy is it that there are 12 different blood types in dogs!
 I wonder how that made it into Googles code of conduct! What's really cool is that in Istanbul you can put a recycled plastic bottle in and get food and water to give to stray dogs. Such a great idea!
 I thought the same thing! I thought they were colorblind as well. It's great to learn some new things.
 Amazon holds a patent on 1-click buying; apple pays them licensing fees
 Their is a person that can read 4,700 words per minute her name is Anne Jones , man that is a lot of words.
 True.They must be super long to have to cross an entire ocean. And talking about rotary phones, remember the phone book and how useful they were once?
 Yeah not sure why they still make them, it seems like everything is digital now. There must be people who still use them. Apparently you cannot separate two of them if their pages overlap
 That is something. Do you listen to music much?
 did you know in the 1700s there was a moral panic about how many poeople were reading books haha
 I think it certainly can be! The idea is interesting though, there's no concrete laws in reading.
 ya, I tried to speed read once, I couldn't retain any information, it's crazy that the record for speed reading is 4700 words in a minute
 But the thing is it's not a representation of intelligence! Andrew Johnson never even went to school yet was able to learn how to read.
 No I haven't! I wouldn't even think they have a recommended list like that. Reading is surprising some times. It's definitely improved a lot too, in the middle ages silent reading wasn't even a thing!
 that is a good idea, have you seen Starship troopers? that movie is violent but its based on a book, and apparently that is also on the militarys reading list
 that is crazy, one of my favorite things about amazon is that they deliver packages on sunday now, which is awesome
 ya that actually makes sense, it's crazy that an amazon warehouse worker can talk about 15 miles a day just for work, thats a workout!
 Poor guys! Anything for the best product I guess right? They even got a patent on 1-click buying, that doesn't even seem allowed.
 ya I'm shocked that exists, I think it's crazy that amazon owns imdb, I didn't know that, they are buying up everything
 Oh I'm sure they are, they're stepping out of their lane all the time, they even developed their own font!
 that is impressive, also impressive is the first person who bought a product from amazon, he got a building named after himself
 I did not know that.  It kind of makes you want to put the telephone away just to help donate clean water to those that need it.
 I guess if they can figure out how to make a small cable underwater that transmits calls, they could figure out anything!  Oh... did you know that a violin and a fiddle were the same thing?
 Oh wow!  I did not know and I love country music.  Is it the fiddle that is used in country music?
 That's incredible!  How can that be?  About the only thing I know about violins is that Albert Einstein was evidently very good at playing one.
 I didn't know that!  It seems odd to think of a scientist playing music for some reason.
 That's interesting I had no idea. The world record price for a violin bow is $182,500.
 For just a bow!  That is crazy expensive!
 That's kind of scary to know. Did you know dolphins can communicate with one another over a phone?
 That is mind blowing. The inventor of the dial telephone was an undertaker.
 Haha same here. Hard to believe he was very good at dancing too. 
 I have heard he had a patent on them. I guess they make him lean very far to the side.
 Interesting. Since so much of it is based on Americana, I wonder how that translated abroad. Jim Carrey doesn't do dramas, because of his belief system.
 I don't know, but that would be a great way to see the world. Iceland uses a lot of boats too.
 Haha. I know, I never play video games either. I tried taking up Kinect games because I need to exercise more but I have slacked lately. Well, luckily  for the industry a lot of people like to play video games. They make more money annually than all hollywood films.
 Haha. And apparently, Australia has some concerns too. They have banned more video games than China has.
 I have not been to Australia yet. Apparently at Australia's Templestowe College, students were asked what they wanted to study, and they made more courses on video game design based on that.
 Hmm that is pretty awesome, did you know that video games were initially called "cathode ray tube amusement devices" by the military? That name really sucks the fun out of what should be a good time haha
 I am going to start calling them that. That is pretty funny. Did you know the creator of Atari created Chuck E Cheese? Apparently he wanted kids to play more Atari "cathode ray tube amusement devices." Haha.
 haha I didn't know that, I think his name is Noah Bushnell, I went to Chuck E Cheese as a kid and that place was awesome, they should make a new one but for adults only haha
 Yeah, that must've been a long, long time ago. Vacuum tube screens haven't been around at all for a long time, LOL.
 Really? Woody from Toy Story, the cowboy? well Jim Hanks is Tom Hanks brother
 That is impressive, the solar is so big it is difficult to understand its scope. Like Neptune has recently completed its first revolution around the sun since it was discovered. 1 Neptunian year is equivalent to around 150 earth years. 
 Yeah technology is great, an IPhone has more computing power than the nuclear launching system of the US. It was build in the 60s, and it cannot play Angry Birds.  
 Yeah it was interesting how that brings he McMahon's really into the spotlight. I had no idea they were connected to Joe Turner.
 Yeah. I think the discussion about Vince McMahon taking on the promotional piece and then moving forward from there was super interesting. I had no idea that happened all the way back in 1948.
 yes i have heard of that.  i don't know how that could happen.  maybe they just told someone on a connection who they chose to vote for.  that's tough to figure out.  and i find it almost amazing that about a third of the men in the UK had the right to vote until 1918, amazing.
 The astronauts could say it orally but then it would be public.  Shouldn't it be confidential?  The UK story was very interesting.
 i am amazed. i would have bet money it was yellow. i guess it is only perceived as yellow due to atmospheric scattering.  i bet very few people know that.
 I'll bet.  I did not know it until you told me.
 i also didn't know that the sun is very small...tiny in fact..compared to the biggest star in our galaxy.  if i knew that, it was a long long time ago when i was in school.
 I did not know either.  Also, I thought that nothing was hotter than the surface of the sun.  I was wrong.
 i never would have even considered that.  switching gears again, i grew up in new york city so i find it interesting that their area code of 212 was designed because it was the fastest number to dial on an old time rotary phone.  who knew? surely not me.
 Why do you think New York was so lucky to get that number?
 I don't, but many famous people were wrestlers before moving on to other pursuits, one of which was Plato.
 I can't imagine how hard it would be to wrestle while covered in olive oil!
 The Simpsons has a lot of episodes too! And of all those, only one is completely absent of Bart in both appearance and mention
 hey my friend did you know that astronauts can vote from space?
 haha ya I would stay inside I think! kind of sad that 34% of the black population in alabama has lost the right to vote though
 haha yeah exaclty, have you ever seen those videoes of two phone books with pages overlapped? I guess those literally can't be torn apart
 haah ya it makes sense, what doesnt make sense is that the international atlantic cable is only 3 inches in diameter, that is so small!
 ya that is really nice of them, do you appreciate the sun? apparently it is really white and not yellow at all
 Is it? I had no idea that lightening is hotter than the sun. That's pretty scary!!
 oh definitely, okver 5x hotter, you wouldn't think that right?
 i know! i was shocked. 
 yup, and also that our sun is only about 1 billionish the size of the biggest star in our galaxy, kind of scary
 That they do.  Did you know that nearly 35 percent of the Black males in Alabama cannot vote?  It's appalling.  
 Exactly.  And sometimes you get shoo'd away and sometimes they can be rude.  It really all depends.  Takes strong skin to do it!
 True but the personal conversations are worth as much as thousands of retweets!  It can be so effective!
 I love YouTube. Did you know it's the second largest search engine on the internet?
 I did not know that, I would have guessed it would have been Bing or Yahoo.
 I would have thought so too. I saw Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 I love Netflix too. Justin Bieber's Baby song is the most disliked video on YouTube.
 Not too sure on that one. I saw the police have their own version of YouTube called BlueTube.
 That is an interesting way to share tips and help each other out!
 The 3 line menu on websites and apps is called the hamburger button.
 I did learn that when I designed a website once. It was a fun name for that, I thought it would have been just called the menu button.
 Very fun name. Only 7% of people actually read the full terms when buying something online.
 I never read them either. Did you know there is 3g cell service at the peak of Mt. Everest?
 I'm sure they had to get service up there so people could post their selfies! 
 LOL. The library of Alexandria saves a copy of the internet in the event it were to burn down.
 I'm sure there are a lot of things online people would want to burn down and lose. It must take up a lot of storage to back up the internet.
 ya I do like that guy, crazy that they had to upgrade youtube after Gangnam Style was uploaded onto it
 WOW,i did not know that at all?
 yup, they changed the view count integer to 64 bits to handle the increased view count haha
 lol, Idk I don't think the song is taht bad, did you know police have their own version of youtube called blutube?
 haha true, but I thik it is actaully police enforcement videos, kind of like training videos or something
 Probably,but do you know that police video that says what you go do when they come from you.
 haha I'll have to check it out, crazy thoguh that netflix and youtube make up half of all internet traffic
 I do! how bout yourself?
 I love YouTube. I pretty much watch it everyday. Did you know it is the second largest search engine on the net?
 I did not know that! I was watching last night and someone named Pewdiepie was on. Something about fighting with his brother!
 LOL that's funny. Justin Bieber's baby song is the most disliked video on YouTube.
 Baby song? What is that about?
 I have no idea lol. Did you know Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet usage in North America?
 I have read that. Do you watch Netflix? It's a great platform.
 That's awesome. Police actually have their down YouTube called BlueTube which is a way to share law enforcement videos.
 I will have to look that up! I wonder if a private citizen can watch it?
 I highly doubt they can. The Gangnam Style song got so many views on YouTube that they had to upgrade the view count to 64-bits....LOL>
 That's really cool. I love Pixar. They make such high quality movies.
 I think so too. Did you ever watch Sesame street?
 i did. Seems funny to see Carol Burnett on it. She was one of the first celebs to be on sesame street.
 That really is amazing! I wonder if it is as popular as the Hanson song that was the most requested after Chicago radio DJ's did not reveal the artist.
 I am not sure, but I bet what ever it is it beats the most popular thing of the 1930's which was a ventriloquist act.
 Soldiers made radios out of razorblades and pencils and called them foxhole radios. 
 No worries. Did you know they used the same gavel for 165 years until Richard Nixon cracked it?
 LOL. Women were not allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993.
 Not sure why it really mattered. Such an odd rule.
 Did you know Michael Jordan said he wouldn't endorse black democrat Gantt because republicans buy shoes too.
 I love horses too. Icelandic horses have a 5th speed called Tolt. It's speed walking for horses.
 LOL me either! Clint Eastwood is actually allergic to horses.
 I agree. Two high school students once rode their horses to school when they had a no vehicles to school day.
 Sometimes when world events are becoming so out of control and hard to process, I like to let my mind focus on different things.  Like how Richard Nixon cracked a gavel that, until to that point, had been used by the U.S. senate for almost two centuries!
 Yeah, they were serious about that rule too, literally carrying in a senator one time!
 It wasn't until 1913 that senators were elected officials. Before that, a senator was appointed by the legislature of each state.
 It was interesting to learn that the Vice President is the President of the Senate.  I don't always realize how little I know about how my country operates sometimes.
 Yeah, it's almost like a miracle we can find a way to know, on some level, what's happening on a place so far.
 I believe they are going with Pennsylvania Candies, including mars bars and jellybeans.
 I don't remember which one, but it was a man that was also President.
 No thank you!    Women were not allowed to wear pants in the Senate until 1993!
 Perhaps so, but that can't be too big a concern as some high school students once rode horses to school on no vehicle day.
 Did you know those horses are born dark and take years to change to a lighter color.
 Perhaps they could be kept on Canadian stations which must play Canadian music 40% of the time.
 Maybe someone who has stuck with news broadcast in classical latin!
 Probably not, it's shocking how many people have taken ballet though, Tupac even did it and played the mouse king in the nutcracker
 I do too actually. I can't believe Myspace turned down an offer to buy it back in 2005!
 What is myspace lol.  Only 75million I heard.
 You never heard of MySpace? How old are you lol. Yes that is pennies to what it's worth now!
 I would do it, I like Whoppers better than some people!
 You and me both haha. Did you know Apple had a clothing line back in 1986?
 I agree on that one. I wonder how long it lasted!
 I would have loved to meet that guy! I wonder if he patented any dance moves like Michael Jackson did.
 Very awesome! Well have a great night!
 Do you also follow the YouTube celebrity Jenna Marble? It's crazy she earns over $346k annually from her channel. I need to start a YouTube channel now!  
 I dont.  I need to start a youtube channel.  I could leave my current job for that.  Thats crazy.
 Yeah, I didnt know they could do that.  I wonder if the singer had any influence in that.  He seems to be a bit ego driven.
 Wow! At 25? That's insane! And now, he went from graduating high school at a very late age to owning a pair of solid gold ovo Air Jordan 10s that weighs roughly 100 pounds. Can you believe that?
 Same here. Like old phones, they're useless. Speaking of phones, I think it's crazy there's really no correlation between cell phone connection quality and service bars. I always thought it was!
 Ahh definitely, and he actually came up as a teen actor too, not like rap was even his first choice.
 I'm sure they're quite different. I doubt he's very outwardly spiritual but definitely cares about his roots, I know he's sampled songs from the 1970s. 
 Wow that's interesting, they all have unique talents for sure. Robin Williams in Aladdin actually started the trend of celebrities as voice actors.
 Oh absolutely, it's very sad. It's nicer to see when celebrities can do good instead. Ethiopia has a celebrity chef who tries to combat hunger problems by encouraging the consumption of diverse foods.
 I hope that works.  Wealth is easy to acquire when one gets $123,000 per episode like Judge Judy.  She is entertaining as long as you are not the one receiving her sharp comments.
 I can't imagine how different telephone companies are now. The capables carrying phone/internet data are only 2.7 inches across.
 I was still with Sprint when they acquired cell phone frequencies.  It was a very different game.  The phones now have so much computing power.  The iphone has more than the US nuclear ICBM deterrent and the capsules that went to the moon.
 They certainly have improved vastly in technology. Some things stay the same though, New York's area code of 212 is only because it was fast to dial on a rotary phone.
 They weren't my cup of tea. I did love him in Edward Scissorhands. He communicated so much with so few words.
 True. Surprising he only actually said less than 200 words!
 He's come so far since 21 Jump Street.  He certainly shoved off the teen idol mantle, especially after he directed The Brave in 1997.
 Yeah I forgot he was in 21 jump street. Gene Wilder didn't seem to trust his portrayal of Will Wonka in the remake surprisingly.
 Well, he did look like Anna Wintour in the movie. It was weird for me. Did he win an award for that one? He's won so many Golden Globes and SAG awards.
 They are so perceptive. I didn't realize that they're not actually color blind! They just can't see some of the colors we can. 
 One hates it. The other has always gotten to go to fun places, so he thinks that's what we're always doing. He's a good goof ball. It amazes me that he gets what I'm pointing at. My cat couldn't care less!
 Yeah I think it's funny how dogs and elephants only understand the whole pointing gesture. 
 I think I'd rather have a dog in the house! I think I could work at google, since they say they're a dog company. I wonder what that means, specifically?
 Did You know there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth ?
 what ? How is that possible, that thing probably does not exist ?
 And you said it was good? Gene wilder couldn't watch the willy wonka remake for fear of disappointment.
 I heard Dr Seuss didn't like kids. Seems weird for someone to start a children's book empire when they don't like kids.
 I heard that he spends like $50K a month on wine too. He also bought a cannon to shoot an authors ashes out of?
 Is that the one where dogs are fighting on an island?  It seemed a bit sketchy for a kids movie
 Yes animals in surgery need blood too!  Did you know Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog?  
 No I didn't know that what did that dog do? I also didn't know that dogs are not actually colorblind they just can't see all of the colors that humans can
 I am not sure.   But dogs can learn over a thousand words and are better at reasoning than chimps.  That surprises me
 Yes!  It is fun!  I followed a horse truck down the road last week where they were doing the same thing.  Dogs are so smart - they love solving problems and earning rewards..
 Well I was driving my car with my dog and we actually stopped at a drive-thru, I never knew that drive-thrus were started in 1975
 Haha that's a good point. I used to play this video game called Gran Turismo back in the day, apparently someone got so good that they became a real race car driver after playing it
 You could go to Mackinac island. They do not allow cars!
 I did a google search of the real estate there and it's pretty nice. Like $1M homes...
 The loch ness monster is a protected species!
 Pretty ironic Macianac island has banned cars considering how many cars are designed in Michigan 
 Agreed! So you're a PlayStation fan? I remember when they launched in December of 94. Now here we are today with the PS4, PSP, etc. And it's crazy there are 41 million PlayStation Home users as well!
 That is crazy, isn't it? I would have loved to have seen it. I bet it was amazing! Ha! I mean, even PS3's are being used to research black holes. It's like they provide entertainment for civilians, scientists and government officials.
 I don't really use them but they're important. I think they're becoming a little more obsolete now that the internet has everything from books to enormous numbers of educational texts. But back before computers they were a big deal. I heard this story about a British Prime Minister who personally opened a library with his personal collection. he carted them over in a wheelbarrow.
 Ha! Don't feel bad although that is a lot of episodes. Can you believe there's 750 Pokemon episodes and yet the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes? That's kind of strange!
 So true. Heck, it's even more surprising how courteous they can be at times - like how the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after airing the Family Guy episode! Ha! Well it was great chatting with you! Have a wonderful evening!
 It's getting so expensive to travel there, though. I can't imagine living there without a car (as I have no license) and having to fly between cities!
 Haha I want to live in Norway now! Surprisingly more than half of adults in the USA have a library card.
 Agreed. Yes I love tv and tv series. I loved That 70's show with ashton kutcher. Can't believe they made a UK version.
 It was called Days like These. Got cancelled after 10 episodes!
 Haha now why would they do that? He is the best character. I want to watch that episode now!
 It definitely is. The department of defense also used 1760 playstation 3's to build a supercomputer. They are finding all kinds of uses for consoles. 
 I did. It is the 4 women and the manicure. Good episode. I heard they canceled the Punisher on Netflix.
 I lot of news channels report depressing stuff. I agree. Did you know Fox threatened to sue the Simpons?
 I guess Fox was okay with them making fun of everyone else but not them.
 LOL - that's funny. In 2007 Fox tried to have a conservative version of the daily show. It only made it 13 episodes.
 Yes. In 2015, the median viewer age for Fox News was 68.
 I think that really reflects the change in society. Conservatives tend to be a bit older I believe and the younger generation of conservatives probably gets their news online as opposed to on television
 Yep I agree. The percentage of airtime on Fox dedicated to opinion is 55%. For MSNBC, it's 85%.
 I am the same way. Did you know astronauts on the space station have faster internet than most Americans at home?
 I agree. In 2001, neopets was the fourth most trafficked website on the internet. 
 I agree. Humans are the minority on the internet, outnumbered by automated software programs.
 Definitely. The act of looking oneself up on the internet is called egosurfing. 
 I have never done that either lol. Everyone in Finland has the right to an internet connection.
 That's a great policy and should be adopted worldwide!
 say what now? we can regrow a bone?
 That is true. Gif? Like the gifs in social media? If it is, then that is awesome! Scientist John von Neumann converted math into ancient greek.
 Maybe they are entertained based on the voice. With technology, there is a website where you can listen to lots of classic radio dramas for free.
 Yikes -- I didn't even notice that part.
 That's another yikes -- sounds like there's a high risk for strangulation.
 Hi! Do you use social media?
 yep and they were ones that restarted their consoles. So they were upset! I was watching the Walking dead last nite on Netflix. Do you have it?
 Me too! Do you know that they still send out DVD's?
 I bet blockbuster is kicking it self though. They had a chance to buy netflix and didn't.
 That's true! Did you realize she co-owns the Miami Dolphins? I didn't know that
 I'm not sure. I heard the longest tennis match went on for 11 hours! And I thought a regular match was boring to watch. 
 I agree, it definitely gets long. I used to think football was slow and boring, that's why basketball is my favorite sport!
 Basketball is nice and fast paced! Did you know there was a tennis player named John Isner who was 6 foot 10 in? Funny he choose tennis instead of basketball!
 I like That 70's show. I heard it was remade in England but they cancelled it after only 10 episodes. 
 He loves it! That and "The Simpsons". Did you know there is only one Simpsons episode where they don't mention or show Bart? 
 Yeah, Richard Nixon was one of the creators.  Fox News considered creating a cable channel that only aired The Simpsons!
 Really, I didn't know that? Why were they going to sue them?
 It really is! Jupiter has storms so strong they can be picked up by am radio!
 Yes I have. I wonder how a razor blade and a pencil can create sound?
 Oh wow. I am not that big of a Canadian music fan! Also they have a show completely in Latin. But that is on a Finnish radio.
 Yeah no doubt that it's popular. Fox news even threatened to sue The Simpsons at one point because they were parodying them!
 I think some courts are grass.
 Women are tough as nails. I heard she faced a man in tennis in 1998
 I don't know who he is either. Did you know that Serena is a co-owner of the Miami Dolphins?
 I never knew that either. It was very surprising.  Did you know that Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg?
 Yep. I have a seventh grader and a senior in high school so they have phones. We got my youngest one at the end of 5th grade since he was moving up to middle school. Did you know that NY area code is 212 because it is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone. Not like that matters anymore!
 They are on them constant. How about how blockbuster declined to buy netflix for $50 million. It is now worth $2 billion. Not so smart in hind sight.
 They always don't upset your customers.  I understand that there are still one or two Blockbusters in Alaska, where the internet is as widely available.  It's still, probably, just a matter of time.
 That is a fun one. Did you know the first multiplayer first person shooter used a msuic protocol for networking?
 I heard they have a patent on matchmaking systems.
 Did you know blockbuster had an offer to buy netflic/
 Yes it does, it's funny that the Japanese think that baseball was invented by them and was not an American Pastime, it's definitely been invented in America as far as I know
 I didn't know that what is the team called? I do know that in Canada they don't have kickball, they have soccer baseball LOL
 Yes I agree! Some guy actually found millions of dollars of those cards in his attic, they were put there by his grandfather, then he sold them all
 Yes they were worth $3000000, they were all cards from the early 1900's, and his grandfather put them in the Attic in 1940
 Thats an insane amount of money wow, I wouldn't know what to do with it
 Well I mostly use just a smartphone because I don't have a home phone, it's interesting though that a cell phone has more computing power than the entire United States missile defense network, kind of scary actually
 I didn't know this. Thanks. Now what is the objective of the offensive team?
 Wow. I didn't know this. Thank you so much for chatting with me. I hope you have a great evening. Thanks!!! Bye
 Hello! How are you tonight?
 I'm doing well thanks! I do, watching it right now actually, how about you?
 There's always time for Netflix! Stay away between 9 pm and 12 am though because of the traffic haha.
 I wish I had 50 million back in the day to splurge on Netflix haha.
 I agree. Who would have though all it took Reed Hastings was a 40 dollar late fee to start Netflix!
 But now the prices keep creeping up a little by little every year.... Probably to help pay for their postage!
 As long as the keep putting out good stuff I don't mind either haha. Have you ever played Mario Kart?
 I agree! It is the best selling racing game of all time for a reason!
 Wow, you should see it.  It is great.  Do you have Netflix?
 It was offered for $50 M only.  The current Netflix value is over $2 billion!
 At certain time (9PM to 12 AM), they use 33% of all bandwidth in North America.  That was a lot!
 That surprising, but it makes sense because that is when people would be relaxing and watching TV
 Wow, very interesting!  I wonder if that will ever change
 ya he seems like a nice guy, probably because he will not play bad guy roles ever haha
 Yes, I know. Some of my favorites are Cast Away and You've got mail. They are classics! do you have any?
 I do I like Toy Story and Catch me if you can, I guess he's the highest all time box office movie star too
 ya do you think earth days will get longer over time? Will we have a 30 hour day eventually?
 Could happen, omg! that would be weird., So is that its possible to have in your car a flame-thrower legally .
 yes it is if you're in south america! I could use that right now for the snow haha
 that is true, I'm from detroit and I have heard that, he was a famous explorer apprently
 did you know that earth is over 4.5 billion years old?
 you're right, it was a nice gesture though, they weren't allowed to get out of their cars back then
 ah interesting, well it makes me sad I guess that 80% of earths natural forest have been eliminated idk about you
 also a shame is that Earth will be out of helium by the year 2100, I dont know what we'll do
 Agree, we better figure something by then.
 its sad how little humans have been on earth, if history were a 24 hour day, then we would exist for about a minute and a half
 Yes, and I can't believe that it isn't available in China.  I understand it's not available in Syria or North Korea but China?
 It's true what it says about Netflix and Youtube together making up half of peak internet traffic in the US.  I am always on either one.  
 So I just learned why Facebook is blue.  There are so many weird facts revolving Facebook.  Like Iceland rewriting their constitution.  
 Have no idea why.  Another interesting fact is that it took google more computing power than to send neil armstrong to the moon.
 Google maps are used for disputed border situtations. 
 Yeah, I hear a lot of companies are doing that now.
 Lots of researching as well.  Did you know the current library of Alexandria has saved a copy the internet in case the internet burns down.  That's a whole load of info there!
 Yeah, he was great in that.  He did good as a 30 year old "kid".  I was surprised to learn that Tom Hanks refuses to play bad guys in movies.  I thought all actor like to show they can play anything.
 Nice, I am surprised though.  I figured the insurance companies would tell them not to serves walkers because of a possible lawsuit if you got hit by a car
 Yeah. People tend to pile in to the successful stock at the same time and then bale out at the same time when things look a bit off.
 True. Myspace is making a name for itself, so much so that they turned Facebook's $75 million buy out offer down.
 Yep. Sometimes it is the ideas no one believes will work, like Netflix. Who would have thought it could replace cable for so many viewers. It eliminated a lot of video rental services as well.
 It's likely to happen eventually, but for now they account for 33% of bandwith in North America from 9pm to midnight. That is a whole lot.
 on a different topic did you know that mark zuckerberg is worth more than Warren Buffet?
 ya thats true, it is still shocking though because zuckerberg is only 34 and Buffett is 87 and has had more time to build his position
 You are right.  Zuckerberg is so much younger than Buffet.  It's amazing.
 speaking of facebook, did you know that myspace had a chance to buy them but turned it down?
 haha well I don't use facebook much so I don't care personally, did you know that the like button is actually illegal in one german state?
 haha ya I don't know, but I do know that facebook is mostly blue because Zuckerberg is actually colorblind which is funny
 Iceland? And they are letting the public make suggestions and corrections.
 Yeah, I always thought it was a boring color. But it makes sense that it is that color due to Mark Zuckerberg's color blindness.
 Imagine the amount of people, 33% of  the bandwidth! seems unreal, so Netflix has grown so much it has about 137 million subscribers.
 Yeah, but yet, they still spend 20 times more on postage. I forgot that that option even exists.
 Yeah, you're right. One time they went down for about five minutes and took 40 percent of web traffic with them.
 Wow, that sure had serious consequences, you know that the founders both have a PHD degree.
 Wow, that is cool.
 Yeah, it's a REAL popular service.  Did you know from 9pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for like 33 percent of ALL bandwidth in North America?  That's just crazy!
 I didnt know that, its kind of surprising, despite the amount of subscribers 33% is a big number for just one service.
 Yeah where does all that info go? it makes me worried about my privacy as well, Google used a hundred live goats once instead of mowning the grass of their headquarters. 
 It's all stored somewhere probably.Well, that's weird.  But hey, goats are really good at eating grass.  Course, I've heard that was mainly done in areas where lawn mowers were hard to get to.  
 Yeah. Harvard used to have something called a facebook, with all the pix of students for a class year in it. Can you believe that Myspace turned down an offer to buy FB for $75 million?
 It sounds like she could host a festival with those sort of connections.
 No kidding? The last thing I clicked on was an article about these 100 year old Japanese twins who made a rap album.
 Me either! I guess if you have a big enough network, you can make copies of anything.
 7 percent?! Man, I knew it was low, but I didn't think it was that low!
 Hello!  Are you on the internet much?  Me, I have to admit, I sometimes feel like I LIVE on the Internet with all the time I spend on it... hehe.
 Yeah, I can see where that'd be tough.  The Internet is so ubiquitous nowadays they even have internet capabilities at the peak of Mt Everest.  
 Yeah, Linkin Park is one of those groups I wish I'd been able to see live.  It's a shame what happened to Chester Bennington, though.  :(
 Yeah, I agree about jazz, although I think it's neat Clint Eastwood is a jazz pianist
 Ah, yeah, really stands the test of time.  Speaking of albums, did you know STraight Outta Compton hit platinum status WITHOUT support of airplay or a major tour?  I guess it really spoke to it's audience..
 That seems really crazy lol, he also attempted to trim his back but wasnt successful. I think that was because he used safety sccissors, imagine stumbling into him in the bathroom, awkward
 I do use it. Can you believe it has been around since 1997?
 Yes, I know many in my family use Netflix regularly. Can you believe Blockbuster declined offers to but Netflix?
 I'm sure that's what they thought. Even though the asking price was $50 million in hindsight it seems like a good deal.
 I agree, it does. Together, Netflix ad You Tube make up 1/2 of peak internet traffic in North America.
 I do both! I just can't believe Netflix still has a mail order system that causes them to spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth!
 That makes sense. I guess I'm spoiled with a computer at my fingertips at all times and the ability to Google anything too!
 Yes I use Facebook from time to time. It's crazy that it was invented back in 2004, that seems like a long time ago
 Yes they turn down the offer to buy Facebook, that was back in 2005, the only one at 75 million which seems like a bargain
 Yes they do, they're actually writing their constitution on Facebook, that way everyone can see what is being done to it
 Yes I like Netflix. I remember when they were founded by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph, that was back in 1997
 I think so, didn't Reed Hastings get like a $40 fee for renting Apollo 13 LOL? He just forgot to turn it in on time
 Yep I could see that. It's amazing that Netflix has about 60 million subscriptions in the United States alone, that is a lot!
 I find it hard to believe the russians built a computer that runs on water.
 If it is an Apple computer that will void the warranty. No smoking!
 Yes, it is. I never knew that. I don't smoke but I have seen people smoke while using the computer. They are working on a way to upload your mind to the computer. I don't think I would do that!
 Yeah shes a "rags to riches" story.  Pretty crazy.  I thought it was on the train.  Stephen King is too scary for me lol 
 It explains so much of the backstory and with recent technology it is visually stunning with its special effects
 Thats what I love about J.K her mind is made to create beautful art that compels us, she never runs out of ideas
 Probably not,  I never go on there lol been nice chatting,  have a good one. 
 It seems like I hardly ever find time lol. It would be better if I could have the record for 4700 words per minute!
 Wow, that's alot! How do you understand what your reading at that speed? Louis Braille was a very smart 15 year old when he invented the braille.
 Yes, isn't that great!  Did you know if you renounce your citizenship, there is a publication with everyone's full names?
 Really water? I would like to see that! I'm excited to see all the new technology that will be coming out!
 I am too! but don't smoke near Apple computers because it's considered a biohazard!
 Good thing I dont smoke, it would be bad if I lost the warranty of my computer over something like that, you know the Russians actually made a computer that used water as its source of power
 Really so he sold it twice? I wonder how much he sold the Eiffel Tower for.
 Yeah. Like get sued by your fans, bad!
 Half the traffic of North America going to just two websites... amazing to think about.I remember the internet used to be nothing but tiny start ups but now all everyone goes to is Youtube and Facebook. 
 Police have their own Youtube now? They have a lot of trolls and hackers to arrest, hahaha. Just goes to show the power the big websites have these days.
 Yeah and Iceland is rewriting it's constitution on Facebook and letting the citizens suggest and alter proposals. Pretty amazing stuff.
 Interesting, I wonder how that because such a problem that they had to ban it. Then again Burger King got in trouble for giving away whoppers for unfriending people.
 That's interesting. For me it detracts from my productivity but I can see how it is useful to some professions. I can't believe that Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million in early 2005. There must be a lot of regrets.
 When I first started using Facebook in 2008, I thought it was so bland and boring looking compared to other platforms like MySpace and Friendster. Now I realize that Facebook is blue because Mark Zuckerburg has red-green colorblindness.
 I used Friendster for a couple of years before going to Facebook. People stopped using it and went to Facebook.
 YouTube has educational videos, live streams, movie trailers, short documentary films, music videos, TV show clips, and so much more. It's kind of amazing.
 Wow,  thats hilarious.  Google created a network that watched 10m youtube clips, it learned to recognize cats.
 That video has a lot of views.  There are 70 full episodes of the joy of painting on the official bob ross youtube channel.
 Nice! Did you know Youtube began as a dating website.
 I know,  I read that too.  What do they have against a thumbs-up?  Facebook has 56 custom gender options, bringing the total number of options to 58 including male and female.
 Yeah,  missed opportunities!  30% of american adults use facebook as their primary source of news
 Yeah lol what is a friendship worth?
 It was great talking to you.  have a good one. 
 I believe it is on HBO. Really? I didn't know he was in it, I like him. It sounds pretty interesting with the Robots and the future time hopping. I guess that is what makes it hard to follow though. Wasn't it Anthony Hopkins that was killed off in the end of season 1?
 Really? I must of missed that episode lol. Speaking of TV, Pixar had to study physics of curly hair to be able to correctly place Merida's  curly hair in the movie BRAVE....wow, a lot of work goes into TV and movies!
 Right! That is a long running tv show! Funny fact I was reading is that Kim Jong-Un has a degree in physics...I guess that isn't too surprising! 
 Hi, did you hear about the hunter guide killed by a grizzly bear in Grand Teton National Park?
 I didn't realize that. I think its sad the bears had to die though when they were in the wild
 That would be great.   Did you know that there is a certain sound frequency that causes fear in humans?  I wonder if it varies by season these sounds occuring.
 That sounds dangerous!  Did you know the seahorse is the only fish with a neck?
 Trunks are called trunks in cars because old cars had wooden trunks on the back.
 Could be.  I guess they have to research that.  Maybe if they figure out the clues to the immortal jellyfish they could not have to worry about that!  We could escape bear death :)
 That's a great way to teach the kids about computers! I hope they don't turn into transhumanists! That's people who want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks! Sounds scary to me!
 No, I didn't know, but I think that's a very pretty name! Sadly I smoke cigarettes and thank goodness I don't use an Apple computer. Because if I did, smoking near the computer would void the warranty on account of it being "Hazardous Waste!"
 Me too! The US has the most gold medals in swimming. We have more than almost the rest of the world combined!
 Who knew a swimsuit could be banned... Insane! There's a type of competitive swimming where people where people swim like a dolphin. Keeping their hands and feet bound. How dangerous?!
 Oh awesome that is great to hear. Apparently native Americans introduced the front crawl swimming stroke to the west when they beat the British who only use the breaststroke.
 No I never knew that that is pretty cool. I also didn't know that there is a type of competitive swimming where the athlete has their hands and legs bound and swims like a dolphin.
 Ha ha I bet there are I will have to look some up. Apparently babies just a few weeks old have a survival response that allows them to hold their breath underwater.
 Yeah I know nothing about Latin. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of a classic radio dramas for free.
 Yes so much to choose from. I have visited Canada a few times and apparently they require at least 40% of the music played on their radio to be all Canadian.
 I did not but with as long as it's been on the air I'm shocked that it was only one episode. 
 yeah something like 750 of them
 that is so nice of them. yeah but pokemon has been around for  16 years straight
 Wow! It doesn't seem like it's been that long. That means they air about 50 episodes per year!
 yteah that is quite a bit as it takes so much work
 yeah. I hear many celebrities have voiced it over the years.
 Huge names including George Carlin, Ringo Starr, and Alec Baldwin!
 they surely are. in iceland they have a fifth speed which is considered horse speedwalking
 yeah apparently they can calm dwn horses
 That's right. I was surprised when I learned that. I was also surprised that Clint Eastwood has had a horse allergy considering how many westerns he's been in. 
 Yes I do love the Simpsons - in the first 400 episodes Homer held 188 different jobs!  Reminds me of some friends of mine!
 Interesting.  I wonder what horsepower really means, since an individual horse can actually produce 14.9 horsepower!
 Wow - that is pretty crazy - I had never heard that.  I knew that Brian May from Queen had a phd in astrophysics..
 Really? Another cool fact is that he is the originator of tapping on the guitar, it wasn't Eddie Van Halen. 
 Hi how are you, What brands of cars have you found the most reliable?
 I didn't know that at all, which kind of car did you learn to drive in?
 I love the drive thru it's so quick and convenient when its cold or raining outside. Whats your fav fast food restaurant
 I believe it! The aluminum piano for the airship only weight 356 lbs.
 Thats amazing. Ive learned a lot today
 you as well
 Yeah, it could be pretty cool. Interestingly one of the best radio acts in the 1930s was a ventriloquist. 
 I'm not sure. Did you know Mozart owned a piano made from the same tree as Haydn? 
 Today's phones are so much more powerful too. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM detterent.
 That's surprising. I would have thought it took more than that but I guess not. I do know you can get a 3G signal on Mt Everest...
 That's true. Good point. In 2013 google went down for 5 minutes and 40% of web traffic went down too!
 Yes! And the number of suicide attempts and the suicide rate for teens rose sharply after 2010, when smartphones became common and the iPad was introduced. 
 It could be. Data from a survey of 8th graders in 2016 indicates that one in 10 spent 40 hours a week or more - the time commitment of a full-time job - playing electronic games! They have no time to sleep!
 That's good motivation. I never knew that New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Or that a modern Google search takes more computing power that the Apollo moon landing.
 That's incredible. Google has become so popular. On 16th august 2013 google went down for about five minutes, and took 40% of web traffic with it.
 That's true. I never knew that Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road. 
 Wow, really?! Or that they change their borders for each country during border disputes.
 They do some offbeat things as a company! Instead of hiring people to mow the lawns around their headquarters, google once used hundreds of live goats.
 Thank you!
 Maybe he just likes living a private life or isnt a part of Google anymore, you know new employees at googles are called nooglers.
 That's pretty crazy, those climbers must in been in shook to find a piano on top of a mountain
 Lol, that would be a good policy. It's pretty crazy the same piano was used for Hey Jude and Bohemian Rhapsody
 I did watch that, but never knew that Daniel Radcliffe did a voice over in it.
 No, I didn't know there was one.
 I heard that the producers got flowers from the Simpsons Crew on the finale.
 I used to. There are over 750 episodes of it! 
 Mr. Rogers also helped kids work through tough issues that were occurring like what assassination meant after Robert F Kennedy died. I liked that 70s show!
 But oddly, he asked a gay colleague to stay in the closet or risk getting fired.
 I have seen it before but I never really liked it. I do quite like the Simpsons. Do you know there is only one episode where Bart doesn't appear and isn't mentioned?
 There are more than 750 episodes of pokemon!
 No, I really cannot remember how to play sheet music or which fingers go where. So I guess it is different. Did you know the airship hindenburg had a 356 pound piano made for it?
 Also, someone put a piano at the top of Britain's highest mountain, for some reason!
 Yeah she was 50 years old and use the piping hot liquid to fend them off LOL that's actually a good idea
 The police report only noted that her 22-year-old daughter did it but the article isn't clear.  Still, I guess it worked.
 Yep instead of guns people should carry around hot chocolate LOL but I guess the temperature of the hot chocolate was 170 degrees which is insane
 They had it comin'.  There's a guy in AL that used hot coffee for 2 robberies. It didn't say if he got caught. 
 Nope. Speaking of cars, in S. Africa it's legal to equip one's car with a flame-thrower to prevent such things.  
 Wow that's cool! Do that someone beat 90,000 people at the game Gran Turismo and then later became a professional race car driver, like how is that possible
 No, I'm not a fan of their crazy leader.  Did ya know that some ballet dancers go thru 4 pairs of pointe shoes a week?  Their poor feet...
 Yeah that sounds like it would hurt. What do you think about putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes? Have you ever tried it apparently it makes the shoes smell better
 Maybe the should try some shoes that are 5,000 years old.  They found some that perform better than modern shoes.
 Yeah I want to see what those shoes look like. Do you know who Stephon Marbury is? apparently he is promoting some $15 shoes but is not being paid to do so
 I agree. Did you know the trunk of a car got its name because cars used to have wooden trunks?
 I'm not sure if they have car jackings and allow for flame throwers lol.
 LOL that would be fun to watch! Did you know Cadillac was named after a French explorer?
 It could have been. There's a race car driver who became a professional by beating 90,000 people in a video game.
 I have no idea on that one. I agree in that there's no way a video game can prepare you for professional racing.
 I am to an extent. I saw that Pilgrim clothing was full of color and that they only wore black on special occasions. 
 I bet Apple's clothing line failed miserably. Rip Curl makes clothing in China but their tags say North Korea.
 That's a good point. There is a store in Alabama that only sells clothes, cameras, etc. found in unclaimed baggage from airports. 
 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
 Yeah it is hard to believe that before 1908, just a bit over a century ago, that people went around in horse carriages or by walking.
 That is a person who became a professional race car driver after defeating 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo.
 Yeah, it's funny because I always remember coloring pilgrim's clothing black but they only wore that color on special occassions.
 Hi, I'm good. I've jusr read something interesting. For example, Apple had a clothing line in 1986. Did you know that?
 I did not know that, did it ever catch on?
 True. There is a store in alabama that only sells things found in unclaimed baggage at airports. I'm wondering if such store is only in Alabama, what they do in the rest of airports?
 that is so odd, they sell anything in the bags, might make them a lot of money!
 True. It is also a possibility. I also didn't know that McDonalds added drive-thru becuause of soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 True. But back in 1975... I think this idea was genious at this time. Absolutely not standard approach 
 I've also read that 5000 years old shoes perform better than modern shoes. And I'm wondering what do they mean by "perform" and why is it like this. 
 yeah i thought those shoes were just cloth pretty much... maybe they last longer?
 I am not surprises, they do account for 33% of bandwidth in north america anyhow.
 Too bad for blockbuster who had the chance to buy it for 50 million.
 There  you go. Do you know how netflix came about?
 Apparently the guy who started it was mad because he had to pay a $40 late fee for a copy of vhs of apollo 13
 Yes, a lot actually. There is so much to learn, like, we only lost our body hair a quarter of a million years ago.
 Yeah. And we are so advanced yet we lack something as important as the enzyme for vitamin C. Gotta stuck up on lemons I guess.
 So coool. And when it comes to hearing, I really want to know what is that sound frequency that causes fear in us
 I guess, as long as it is not used for the wrong reasons. We are also so good at running because of our past as hunters.
 Good evening partner. Sometimes it's fun to stop and think about us humans. We used to be covered in hair but lost it all about 240,000 years ago!
 Wow that is a lot of money. Blockbuster had the chance to acquire Netflix for only $50 million!
 I think they only have 1 store standing! So not well. And Netflix was all started because of a late fee. Oh the irony!
 It would be a lot more boring I think! It is so addicting though, with changes measurable in the brain itself.
 Which is what counts!! In case the internet burns down there is a saved copy at the current library of alexandria. Not sure how that works!
 thats absolutely true. Some IV nurses I have has are rough and jam the needle in there, sometimes even breaking the catheter on the wall of my vein. that hurts. did you know dogs arent actually color blind like they show in tv shows and movies? they just see less color than us
 i never realized how good dogs were at knowing what pointing is. but if you point, a dog will follow your finger. its great
 Yeah, isn't that more than humans?  And yet I think they are all universal donors for each other.
 I always thought dogs were color blind, apparently that is not true either!
 Nope. they can see some colors, just not as many as humans.  Have you ever watched a video of a dog drinking in slow motion, they actually drink with the underside of their tongue!
 that is super interesting, I never would have thought that, my dog knows about 3 haha
 I didn't know that, but that's sad! Makes sense since there are almost 8 billion people on earth using those resources. 
 That's strange to think about. You would only have to work for about an hour or so per day, though!
 I guess no more helium balloons, then. The Earth is 4.5 billion years old, so I guess some of these things lasted a long time. 
 Tupac used to dance ballet in High School!
 You sure don't. Michael Jackson patented a device for a certain dance move. 
 Wow, that's pretty cool! I wonder how it sounded?!
 I did in the past, when they mailed DVDs.  Did you know that Netflix spends more on postage than internet bandwidth?  I can see why they are trying to phase out the DVD service.
 Being out in the country, options are limited.  No DSL or cable.  I tried satellite, but had issues with wind and rain distortion.  I use cellular internet.  Works great but I need to watch the usage as to not exceed my allotment and get hit with big fees.  Considering the options, you can get internet almost anywhere, even on top of Mt. Everest!
 hey hows it going, did you know the first moonwalk was actually done in 1955, the dance move that is haha
 do you know any facts about the earth? Apparently the earth is four times as dense as the sun
 wow that is a lot of trees! What I didn't know was that you could fit every planet in the solar system between the earth and the moon, I miss pluto as a planet btw!
 I used to like Linkin Park, then I graduated Middle School. Very surpsied to see Dark Side of the Moon was best selling album in 2014 considerig how old it is
 lol, and yes its wild how these old albums are still popular, like how bob marley is on album charts for 914 weeks and counting
 nope me neither! I never got the appeal, I think it's dumb walmart only sells clean versions of their albums, I would never buy one of those!
 Let's talk about albums, the best selling album of the 21st century is by Linkin park
 when two twins in Japan turned 100 they released a rap album. 
 NWA's album straight outta Compton did not have airplay or a major tour when it reached platinum status
 When Reel big fish lost the rights to their old record label they had to re-record all of their hits for a new album. 
 Let's talk about the Earth next, it has been 4.5 billion years since the earth was formed. 
 yes, the days used to be shorter also, when the earth was first formed they were 5.5 hours long
 Lets talk about dance next, ballet dancers can go through a lot of shoes, up to 4 a week
 yes very, the winner in 1958 of the Hong Kong cha-cha championship was Bruce lee
 Another person that most people might not know was a dancer is Tupac
 When babies hear music they spontaneously dance
 I wonder what makes it the best in the world, I do know that there is a lot of money in Basketball, Allen Iverson makes 800k a year just from Reebok sponsorship
 that is nice of him, I wonder what kinds of foods that he is saying they should try, celebrities can be nice though, I guess Carol Burnett was teh first celebrity to appear on Sesame St.
 I do as well. It is amazing how far computers have come. We can use them as general purpose devices like personal computers and smartphones or for industrial or special uses like a microwave
 ya that is wild, at least it is eco friendly, I can't believe that happened in 1936, if they released that technology today I would still be impressed!
 I would be interested in an AI studying the best way to shoot a basketball, I guess doing it "granny style" is the most consistent but just looks ridiculous haha
 Oh wow!  That's neat and takes me back to being a kid.  There's a girl on Youtube named Jenna Marble and she makes $346,827 a year from her channel.  Holy smokes!
 Did you hear about the news from Canada?
 They have changed the words of their national anthem to be gender neutral!
 Well, that's good, it's just the fact of the matter in the first place.  They should have just left it alone!
 Austin Texas voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst.
 I'm sure he felt so honored!
 I heard it was possible for them to vote from space, now.  So, maybe they did.
 I wonder if it is harder to vote from space or from the polling booth in a forest full of lions.
 I would put my money on the forest of lions is harder!  
 That would be cool.    I have heard some of Jupiter's radio storms on AM radio.
 That's awesome, I'll have to check that out!
 You should try it!    Perhaps right after listening to the news in classical latin!
 I think they can send a vote back to earth. Seems like the last thing I would worry about if I was in space but they make sure to vote nonetheless. 
 He actually only received $9 for the publication.
 I do not. It does sound interesting!
 It would be interesting to find out... There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 I can't even fathom that number. I've heard that there may be 7 million species, but only 1.5 million have been identified.
 Right! Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 Almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin c, but humans cannot because the gene for this enzyme is defective
 Yes, I love them!! Hard to believe there are 20 quintillion of them!!
 Very cool!! Did they ever see it? I think some have claim to? That's great just in case someone tried to harm it.
 I have too! Very blurry, makes you wonder?  Hard to believe that land animals having gills and lungs would be the reason for hiccups! lol
 lol, I have heard that before too!! yes, a good one!! Especially if you have to have surgery!! 
 I didn't know persistence hunting is what makes humans the best distant runners among running animals.
 Really, what is nuclear icbm deterrent? Hard to believe that small phone can do that!
 Yeah, wonder why they didn't pick 112, lol Good to know about the icbm.  
 That many? wow!! quintillion animals that sure is a big number, 
 I know! so many animals to be discovered many in places that are really hard to reach without tech, you know animals also have a dominant paw.
 and built to last! repairs would be a real pain I would think. Phones are so advanced now. A iphone has more computing power then the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent, and phones are only getting more advanced.
 The female dancer in the Washington Ballet production of Romeo and Juliet is a rising star.
 I like watching it sometimes, especially Michael Jackson doing his moves!
 I didn't know that! I also didn't know that Tupac danced ballet in high school. Hard to imagine.
 Wow! I wonder if he ever did pointe. Professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of those a week.
 Right! Speaking of money, wonder how much Michael Jackson spent to create his device to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves. He has a patent on that.
 I wonder why some adults lose the ability to catch the beat, haha.
 Nice! Wonder how much Jim Carrey makes. He doesn't make dramas any more because of his belief system.
 Yeah and interestingly one of his students was Ellie Kemper, Erin from The Office.
 So true. I read somewhere that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.  Isn't that odd?
 This is very odd! Also odd is that humans can regrow a rib within a season of it being shortened?
 I guess that is helpful.  Did you know that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution, when early land animals had gills and lungs?
 Very weird! I wonder what the correlation is? Another weird fact I recently read about is that there is actually a sound frequency that can can humans to be scared.
 Well that is weird.  
 They are related? they look nothing alike lol, pigeon produce milk for their yound, there are 1 out of 3 species of birds to do this
 I saw that and wondered how that would work because I thought Fox owned the Simpsons?
 I would love to have something like that here.Goodwill of Greater Washington. Of mix tapes, Brendan said, "While we will accept them if donated, they're probably not going to be sold as they are difficult to move.
 Oh no! But i guess they can get them online. avid said cassettes and their cases are typically made of polypropylene or polystyrene.
 Some birds fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping while migrating.
 Awww. That is sad. The digestive and respiratory systems of birds are adapted for flight.
 I bet that would have been succesful.  At one time Fox news threatened to sue the Simpson in order to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democratic party agenda.  That's odd because I thought Fox owned the Simpsons?
 I used to when I was younger, but times have changed so much in the digital era. 
 Yeah, I wonder what else they let people check out? I'd need some power tools every once in a while haha
 Speaking of the sun, I can't believe the color is actually white, and not yellow/orange that we see
 It's so powerful too, in one second, it could sustain the energy demands on earth for half a million years!
 Yeah, it's crazy to think that people actually survive those lightnig strikes
 yes, did you know a man falsely imprisoned for 10 years spend most of his time at the library to prove his innocence?
 Wow, I didn't know that, UK prime minister at age of 85 wheelbarrowed his personal collections of 32,000 books 3/4 miles to his home?
 Not for long travel only in the cities it is enough.
 Yes you are right, that's amazing, It was nice chatting with you.
 Really? That's cool. Their very first comment ever was their content was going downhill lol
 Oh, that's interesting! Very smart people. They rank 3rd in most visited website in the U.S....and 6th in the world!
 I didn't know that, I will have to check it out. I mean there are over 540 million monthly visitors....they must be doing something right!
 Very interesting! It is like Youtube, I heard on the radio that they are the 2nd largest search engine on the internet, they are huge too.
 Only in the car usually. Radio has been around a long time. In WWII, soldiers used to make them out of razorblades and pencils. 
 Interesting! So is the song,"Come together",  was written for a 1969 CA governor campaign!
 Yeah, I think 40% of the music has to be Canadian!
 Yes! Well must be nice that Schwarzenegger as governor of CA commuted 3 hours daily by a private jet! Wonder who paid for that? lol
 3 hour jet flight from Sacramento somewhere? Didn't know North Dakota's governor declared martial law and seceded from the US in 1934!
 That's crazy. There are a lot of strange stories in politics! Like every president that has had a beard was Republican. 
 I know, right! which two I wonder? must have been in the first half?
 I didn't realize that they have only used red and blue to mean Republican and Democrat for less than 20 years!
 I didn't either, I assumed it was always like that! Great chat!!
 Wow, that's weird. I do not associate him with cyborgs.  And I definitely do not associate Julius Ceasar with Hercules but he did...
 Yeah. I had no idea there is a wiki that ranks fictional characters by their powers and abilities. Who has time to do that?
 You know the title! I'll have to look it up now and watch it! Did you watch the 70's show?
 Yeah, I keep up with some of the groups on reddit.  I do photo restores and look at memes.  LOL.  How about yourself?
 HAHA, I find that funny!  What's really crazy is despite the millions of people that go on reddit and post they say only .53 % actually vote on the content.  That's just crazy to me!
 Wow, that's quite a bit of money!  Hope they put it all to a good cause!  :)  Maybe next up they'll do a reddit radio!
 Maybe!  Well, listen it was GREAT talking to you!  You have a terrific evening!
 Yes there is some fiction that I like. For instance I like Edgar Allan Poe, I can't believe that he came up with the idea for a cyborg
 Yes I agree! It's even crazy that Julius Caesar would write fanfiction for Hercules and Oedipus LOL that's so funny
 Yes I like to watch as a kid, I never realized that George Carlin did the narration on that show, he did at least 52 episodes
 Yes I think he did some as well, and so did Ringo Starr, that sounds like a star-studded cast on Thomas the Tank Engine LOL
 Yep you're right, they canceled it after only 10 episodes which is horrible LOL
 Right and there's cables just laying on the ocean floor
 Yeah, I didn't know Hawaii had or has a king.  I wonder if it cost him over $300 to pay the tolls passing Japan?
 Are you a fan of Michael Jackson?  Fun fact, he helped write the soundtrack for Sonic 3.  I haven't heard that...
 He wanted to build a 50' robot of himself to roam the Nevada desert near Las Vegas. 
 That is nuts but it makes sense, since he invented the robot dance
 Funny that Eddie Van Halen set his equipment on fire playing the solo in Jackson's Beat It song.  Must have really cranked it up...
 I guess he slipped them drugs. I guess the judge (so far) has allowed only one to take the witness stand.
 Mostly FM, when I'm on my commute to work every day.  I read somewhere that soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode.  How cool is that?
 I hear that they can be very strong.
 But, hey I like Celine Dion, I can't really think of any other Canadian artist.
 A little.  I read somewhere that a Finnish radio station broadcasts a weekly news program entirely in classical Latin.
 Probably not too many, I would think.Lol
 Oh wow I had no idea. I saw YouTube is the second largest search engine.
 I saw that had so many views they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 Me too lol. Netflix and Youtube make up half of the peak internet usage in North America.
 Wow! Did you know the police have their own YouTube called BlueTube?
 I agree. Only .53% of the people who visit Reddit actually participate in voting for content.
 That's pretty cool. The first comment on Reddit was a complaint that Reddit was going downhill.
 did you know that Julius Caesar wrote hercules fan fiction as a kid haha thats crazy
 Also shocking is there is only 1 episode of the simpsons where bart both doesn't appear and is not mentioned
 Yeah I always liked Edgar Allan Poe, I really liked his poem The Raven, did you know that there is a Wikipedia page that will rank fictional characters based on their superpowers
 That is pretty funny, what do you think about George RR Martin though? He thinks that fanfiction is actually copyright infringement
 It's pretty crazy that there is only one episode in The Simpsons where there is no reference to Bart SImpson
 Yep you could watch 50 episodes a year for 16 years and you still would not have caught up LOL
 Yeah the name of that sounds dumb, I was glad that that show was canceled after only 10 episodes I don't think the humor translated overseas
 Yeah he was definitely a great innovator, very interesting that he married a white woman even though it was illegal back in 1948
 How come? I thought the 70s show was cancelled after only 10 episodes?
 Oh it was the UK version, I haven't seen it but thanks for the recommendations. My kids watch Pokemon and surprised to hear there are over 750 episodes!
 It is still ongoing? The show's success might be due to its brilliant cinematography where they use a lens to focus reflected light into a real image.
 Yeah, I think same here. No woman has ever been nominated for Academy Award for best cinematography, I guess there are more males than females cinematographers
 Oh really? I don't think I've noticed, will have to pay more attention in the future. Really interesting to see how people can promote themselves on YouTube and become a celebrity or like Gavin Free who posted on YouTube and then was hired to work on acclaimed shows like Sherlock Homes.
 Not too sure about actors but singers, I think there's a couple like Justin Bieber, Pentatonix, I think. Really interesting to see how far we've come in terms of societal and technological advances. In 1950s, a judge even tried to ban science fiction from comics because there were black characters.
 Now that you say it I kind of remember.  I think fame goes to these peoples heads.  No one ever says no to them, next thing you know that want to bring their llama with them.
 God no, can you imagine living in a place like Iceland that has no public rail service? As a new yorker, i live on the train
 Do you drive a lot? thank god we're not spending so much to travel across  Japan... 300!
 It's fine going 160mph, but you can only go as fast as the traffic in front of you.  There would be no running after the bus if you just missed it.
 That's amazing.  Think of all the things possible with that much power, and all ost of us do with it is take selfies.
 I have heard that Jupiter has radio storms that are really strong, but wow!
 That is a good benefit. I've heard that Canadian radios have special laws.
 Funny that you say that. The use of red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in 2000.
 Oh, that's funny. You might just be right!
 Wow. He took quite a stance.Did you know the Beatles song Come Together was actually written for Timothy Leary's 1969 California Governor Campaign?
 yes they do, would you ever work at amazon? like in a warehouse?
 yup I agree, I might try it though, they can walk up to 15 miles a day, thats a good workout!
 I didn't thats cool, did you hear how Jeff Bezos put a clock into a mountain?
 I don't know but I do know that it will run for over 10,000 years which is cool
 wow thats impressive, I think she is paid second most of all the celebrities right? only lebron makes more than her
 Really? That cannot be right, but perhaps it is so. 
 ya I don't know but PIxar apparently has a secret room that only celebs are allowed in
 That's amazing, but I have to wonder how much she is really taking in, rather than just saying the words.  I'm a lot slower, she'd probably read a number of books in the time I read a chapter.
 Yesh he is getting $800 000 every year and then 32 million after 55
 I was not aware of this. I wonder if this is the "birth" of modern poetry.
 <cc>
 Yeah. When it comes to poetry and other art forms, it is often unpredictable how the works will be received. Consider the cult classic SciFi thriller, Starship Troopers, which is surprisingly recognized by 3 of the 5 top military academies!
 Hey hows it going? Do you use amazon? I use it all the time and its hard to believe each amazon warehouse worker walks between 7 and 15 miles on average!
 Yeah I use it often.  That is incredible that they walk that far every day lol
 Yeah I was sorry to hear Jeff Bezos divorced his wife. Hard to believe he founded it way back in 1994!
 Yeah thats pretty cool. Also I didn't know Amazon owned IMDB-the movie rating page. Speaking of movies the new alladin is coming out soon. Robin Williams voiced the genie in the original and he was the first actor to start the trent of voicing animated films!
 Yeah thats true. It's Will Smith this time-he should be good I think. Apparently Ethiopia has a celebrity tv chef who thinks he can solve his countries hunger problem by encouraging them to eat diverse foods. I think they just need more money.
 Nice!  I'm sure Big Willie Styles will do a great job, he is very talented.  I agree about Ethiopia; they do need funding more than diverse foods lol. Hey, did you know that there is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest?
 Dang I didn't know that. Impressive. That would be a good cell phone commercial. The internet is a crazy thing. Apparently the library of alexandria has saved a copy of the internet-didn't know you could do that.
 Wow really? War is terrible how it destroys so many things. Drone warfare is even crazier. Jd.com is a site testing drone deliveries in rural areas so atleast drones are being used for something beneficial.
 Lol you and I both! And for only $27.95!  Can you believe that Amazon passed up WalMart as the most valuable public company?
 Hey I love too. That would be epic. The first king to travel around the world was from Hawaii.
 Wow that is so patriotic. It's an important thing to do. Indian governments even setup a booth in the forest. 
 Interesting yeah I wish more players were smart like him. They make a ton of money. Iverson for example got a deal with Reebok amounting to 32 million dollars. 
 Indeed! It's just a crying shame he could never escape his sister's shadow though. Like the time he scored a career high of 40 points before finding out his sister broke 8 national records with 105. That is just insane!
 Did you know Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain side that can run for 10,000 years?
 It doesn't say why he did that. The US postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver packages on Sunday's.
 I hope they get paid extra for that. Amazon warehouse employees walk anywhere from 7-15 miles per shift.
 I think they are shallow as well. Pixar has a secret studio room that is often visited by celebrities.
 I bet it's pretty cool. Judy Judy makes $123,000 per episode.
 haha I don't know how she can retain that much info, can you imagine that so many people we're reading an eighteenth-century that they caused a"moral Panic"
 ya that sounds pretty cool actually, have you heard of the Japanese alphabet? When you read the letters out in order it actually makes a poem of sorts
 wow thats cool do you know what a palindrome is? It makes me sad that Edgar allen poe only made $9 for writing the raven, that poem is so awesome!
 It's a word that reads the same forward and backwards. lol  Wow.  I wonder if he sold the rights with the $9?
 haha yup you're right, and ya he should have charged a lot more, I also didn't know that the word "poetry" is a variation of the greek word for "making"
 haha yes I think so, the button that is made up of 3 horizontal lines? The name makes me hungry by the way haha
 Hi, I love Amazon and had no idea it dates back to 1994.
 Very cool. The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.
 That's a very odd thing to build. Does it say why he built it?
 That's crazy. Did you know IMDB is owned by Amazon?
 That's a lot of money for just one episode!
 Very cool. Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 I agree. I had never even heard of the hamburger button before until today.
 Wow Amazon sure took advantage of that opportunity, its crazy how much wharehouse workers have to walk though
 Maybe,not a lot of people like to read anymore.  Reading requires creativity.  That is something I never really thought about before.
 Did you know that there is internet service at the peak of mt. everest?
 I agree!  I saw the movie, Ender's Game, but never knew it was suggested reading for military organizations.
 That is weird.  Why be worried about novels when there was already poetry?
 Yea, I like watching comedy films like harold and kumar and Pineapple Express, I never knew they were called Bromantic comedies
 I would not have thought so either.  I really liked John Lithgow in the "3rd Rock from the Sun".  I think many were surprised when it beat Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier for the Golden Globe for Best Comedy Series in 1997.
 It is surprising 3rd rock beat out Seinfeld and Friends, their 1997 seasons are some of the most popular
 I did not think a $100+ cable bill was worth it, so I get local news / weather with an over-the-air antennae and stream (Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime) for the rest.  No commercials, watch when you want, and pause when you want.  Its great when the youngest insists of Thomas the Tank Engine.  Did you know Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin all narrated many episodes of Thomas?  Carlin and Baldwin surprise me since they have salty tongues -I guess they cleaned up their language when narrating children shows!
 We are in complete agreement on that point!  What I recently learned is that by law, GW was made a 6 star general posthumously.  I always through 5 star was the highest rank possible.  They made so he can never be out ranked by anyone past or future.
 I actually drive a Benz. Best car ever. Didn't he patent the car in 1886?
 No kidding. I think it was because the Model T was made by Ford and it was the first one accessible to the masses.
 No, I thought drive thrus were around before that. I also had no idea that Cadillac was named after the French founder of Detroit
 I guess not at McDonalds they weren't. I did not know that about Cadillac. 
 I'm not surprised. I've heard Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century.
 That's pretty shocking consider on a scale of 24 hours humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds on earth
 Crazy! Did you know that when Earth was first formed the day was only 5.5 hours long?
 I guess. I am not sure if location has anything to do with it but I know Earth is the third planet from the Sun.
 It's good that he does this, I know a lot of proffessional athletes have charitable organizations associated with them.  I just discover that Curry was from the same town as LeBron, what do they have in their water there?
 What was your first car? Mine was an ugly green ford torino with a white vinyl top. It used more oil than gas
 wow! earth will be virtually helium free by the 21 century, I did not know that, guess no more crazy talking from breathing in helium balloons
 am I reading that correctly about the 2007 study? So, a lower IQ correlates to better chess skill?
 Yeah he is famous for his contract with rebook
 And what a contract he received. $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 i think they do not want to look rediculous so they do not practice it. what a waste of points
 I heard he was really good but depite that his sister was always better
 Yes, in high school she constantly overshadowed him. She broke 8 national records!
 I do not really know him. What is he famus for?
 Oh, wow, she sounds pretty awesome!  Think I heard about that.. she did that in high school right?
 Sounds like basketball talent runs in the family!  You know what I find nutty though is how much NBA players make from shoe endorsement!  Some of the deals are just amazing!
 2 million?  I thought it was 32 million... But yeah, all for wearing athletic gear!  
 Dunno if you could get into the NBA if you couldn't shoot.  hehe.  What do you think of what Tim Duncan did?  He stayed in college for four years instead going directly to the NBA...
 Yeah, I can see that point too.  Here's some irony for ya.. the guy who invented basketball, James Naismith, is the ONLY losing coach in Kansas's history.  
 Ah wouldn't surprise me.  Did you know Kareem Abdul-Jabbar used the dunk so much it was banned from college basketball for over a decade?  That's an incredibly long time!
 I guess thats why chess is one of the most challenging games/sport out there, do you like to play chess, know how to play it?
 The players get paid a lot of money!
 did reggine miller pass away ?
 I don't know. I was surprised that he had a sister who was better at basketball than he was.
 I heard that shooting granny style is the most effective way to get points.
 It was named after the French Explorer who founded Detroit. Speaking of what things are called, a trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks in back.
 Sorry, I guess he still is a race car driver. That's awesome!
 I am, definitely. I prefer college basketball. Did you know that Tim Duncan actually turned down good money from the nba, and decided to stay in college for another 4 years?
 haha no, do you know why he would do that? like why wouldn't you agree to play for the nba and make big bucks, cuz you are not paid when you play in college
 Basically just by scoring so often with them. He kept setting records, and other players noticed, and decided to try it themselves. He has the record for most 3-pointers in a single season, at 272
 I feel like their pride is more important to them, than one may think. same with using the backboard for shots, players tend not to, because it's "too easy"
 Did you know that George Washington was the only president to have received 100 percent of the electoral votes. He must have been well liked
 Interesting! Would you buy a chicken mcnugget that looked like him? Somebody did, for $8100
 No, I wouldn't . Did you know that Washington DC's flag is based on Washington's coat of arms. Makes sense in a way.
 People really respected him. There is even a painting in the Us Capitol Building that depicts him ascending into godhood. Seems a bit much.
 Well, he wasn't perfect. He has the record for longest overdue library book, 221 years.
 Wonder what the late fee would be on that book.
 I like tv. I used to watch Southpark but I did not know that bart was not in one episode. I thought he was in all of them.
 In the first 400 episodes, Homer Simpson has had 188 jobs.
 That is a lot of jobs. I do not watch Pokemon but to think they have had 750 episodes makes me want to check it out and see if it is good.
 Wow, that's a lot of episodes! Weekend Update has also been on many episodes of SNL. It debuted on their first episode and is the longest running skit.
 No, not really. I did used to watch Shark Tank but it's not really realistic. Most deals made on that show are never enacted.
 That is true. I like reality. Gordon Ramsey is crazy . I would never want to work for him.
 I prefer comedy. The Green Lantern was originally supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black.
 Jack Black is funny. Any movie with him would be good.
 That would be interesting. I like that they offer 3 meats and 3 sides for $28. Not a bad price for all that food.
 I like the Puppy Bowl Better and they have great specials at Dodge city for it.
 Yeah, that seems cute. They show it on the big screen.
 I love Step Brothers. I also really like Monty Python. Graham Chapman was a doctor before going into comedy. He certainly had a lucrative fallback if that didn't work out. 
 It is very quotable. It can also be very silly. I can't believe that Evan Almighty is the most expensive comedy ever made. That shocks me. 
 good question! brave that Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school, he wanted to chase his dream of acting in comedies
 haha me too, I guess his net worth if adjusted for inflation would be over 500 million dollars
 I know right! he was the man, and even DC's flag is based on washington's familys coat of arms apparently
 Really?!?!? That's wild. Like him receiving 100% of the electoral votes.
 lol that is crazy, funny that he was given 6 stars so that no general would ever outrank him too
 lol, well good thing they didnt have cameras back then, I guess Washington was a bad public speaker
 ya for sure, crazy that he was born in 1732, that seems so long ago, he was a great general of course
 The iphone sounds pretty complicated too, it's amazing it has more computing power than the Nuclear ICBM deterrent
 No, I figured other fish have necks too but I guess it's only the Seahorse 
 That's unfortunate. Do you shop for clothes alot? Did you know the Greeks made abestos clothing?
 No. I didn't know. I do know Aplle had a clothing line out for 1986.
 I hope they wash them first.  A man wore 70 pieces of clothing at an airport to avoid baggage fees
 That's is weird. People used to do their laundry in old faithful
 I'll have to look the fish up. Since jellyfish are 98% water the evaporate in the sun. Wow der how that works for the immortal one
 Yes. That's a good question. Tetrapods are technically fish, did you know that?
 That's such a long while. Not immortal, but still a long while. 
 Oh, wow. Did you know that UNICEF will donate a day of clean water for kids in need every minute you don't use a cell phone?
 Hire* I didn't know that. In 1930s hedy lamarr heled to invent the cellphone,wifi and gps
 Hello, Do you enjoy going to concerts? John Perry Barlow, Grateful Dead Lyricist died at 70!
 Really, I didn't know that either.  Barlow really wanted the governments not to impose their sovereignty on the global social space. Weir was a great guitarist!
 Yes to all... I didn't know Barlow owned a cattle ranch.  He was sort of a Renaissance man.
 Well, I'm not surprised! Although almost everyone is on the internet it seems. I was surprised to learn that clicking links can become addictive! lol
 In Finland it's a right to have an internet connection.
 lol, really. They have a name for everything! I can't see the link between 3 horizontal lines for the menu button and food, when picking a name ? Hamburger, lol
 That would be cool.  Lou Reed had a high frequency concert for dogs.  Now that's a walk on the wild side. 
 Yeah, me too. So funny, a woman driving to a Dave Matthews concert stopped to help a stranded cyclist -- it was Dave Matthews!  Thanks you have been an excellent chat partner!
 I saw that, How great is that!  He must like to get exercise and see the sites before playing! Good chat!
 I enjoy it too!  I think it is neat that Clint Eastwood is a huge Jazz fan and even plays piano!
 i believe it, an old foagie like him! He even scores some of his own films with his own music
 That is pretty incredible.
 Hello there. I never knew the horizontal line menu on apps and websites is call a hamburger button.
 Really?  I can't see that.  I also didn't know he was friends with Bob Weir (they went to HS together)  and wrote so many songs. 
 Occasionally skim though it  but not really.  Guess I'm not the 7% that do.
 Me either.  Did you know there is a 3g cell service on the top of Mt. Everest?
 That's strange... I wonder if that more of a virtue signalling thing?  Wow, Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001!  Hard workers...
 The ramones might have them beat with 263 concerts'
 No wonder they want to be sedated!  Anything's better than getting sued for a poor performance like Creed did in 2002!
 Also In 2010, Lou reed & his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs, that's great!
 Yes that moves me as well.  I bet the dogs loved it!
 Hi, Are you a big fan of music at all?
 "Tennessee Jed", ... just about every song on Europe '72.  I didn't know Barlow and Wier went back so far -- to going to school together.
 I also can't believe Barlow dabbled in GOP politics.  I guess it makes sense if you're a freedom lover. 
 Exactly the dead were very proactive they didn't just lay down stagnant and just talk the talk they went into action
 I suppose but there is the social network and porn factor... I think it's probably a good idea.  Did ya know that Win 95 was the 2nd most installed software in 1995?
 Dunno.  I do know that Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs.  There's a walk on the wild side...
 I love them too. Did you like Abba?  They turned down $1B to do a 100 concert reunion tour.
 Moral panic was the reason for the spread of reading of novels in the 18th century.
 Sounds like the popularity surge experienced by linkin park... 324 concerts in 2001...wow!!
 Totally opposite of the band, Creed.four people thought a concert was so bad that they filed a lawsuit against them. 
 well, I guess if nobody is wanting to hear you perform, you could always do like Pink Floyd...a concert with no people
 The Ramones dont have to worry about audiences. They performed for 20 years almost nonstop... over 2200 concerts
 Barlow knew the internet would be a great way for people to communicate.
 Yes, he also wrote Blow Away and We can run.
 His father also worked at a state senator.
 He also helped to found the EFF to protect civil liberties online.
 Interesting, also the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet! 
 Computers can also be used as control systems for consumer devices.
 Fun, also if you smoke near an apple computer it actually voids the warranty
 Linkin Park has played 324 concerts in 2001.
 Wow, that's a lot of concerts. Creed had a concert so bad that they were sued.
 why do you think is so interesting?
 We talked about that in school. Plus Some of the storms could see heavy downpours as temperatures pull back into the evening.
 That's amazing, but I wonder why did he wanted a clock into a mountain?
 I like watching it. I grew up watching Jordan, Bird, Reggie Miller.
 I think he did an honorable thing by staying in college four years instead of going directly to the N.B.A.
 That's true, I would do the same too. Did you know that Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA when they came out?
 Yeah and I don't feel that Reebok sells $800,000 in Iversons each year.
 I agree, if I could get paid that much money I'd be out there shooting "granny style."
 Are you into Pixar movies? I like that they like to add the egg hunt on all of the movies
 what does it mean "had the word facebook?" Facebook somehow is responsible ?
 I have no idea. I know it is blue because mark zuckerburg is color blind. I had no idea!
 I agree. I hate seeing those ads. I had no idea pilgim clothing was full of color! Zuckerburg might have liked that.
 I can understand! I don't like it either but, United told her that a baby is not allowed to cry more than 5 minutes on their flights??? How would you stop that? I feel bad for anyone who travels with children or those who have to endure.
 No! What?? I didn't see that ....you can't do that while traveling!
 True, thankfully when I travel I have been pretty lucky. I thought all children had to be on a parents lap? 
 Yeah, no kidding! Makes total sense to me. So, are you familiar with Facebook? Hard to believe it started 2-2-04.
 It's kinda ironic Mackinac island banned motorized vehicles considering how close MI is tied to the auto industry
 Haha that is amazing and yet we are afraid so much of sharks
 Wow - that's a lot of money just to cross the country. Thankfully we don't have that here in the US.
 I would too. The first king to travel the world was from Hawaii.
 I didn't know that either. Did you know Iceland has no public rail system?
 It says most people fly there. 
 I love Nintendo. I have never played NES. Did you know Nintendo can only be displayed in 54 colors?
 I saw Nintendo was discontinued in Japan back in 2003.
 I love Bill Nye. Saw he got his big break by winning a Steve Martin look alike contest.
 He once considered retiring from football in order to become a professional competitive video game player. 
 I am sure he is. You's have to be to be a top p[layer. I was taken aback when I learned that the huddle was created by a deaf QB. 
 Me too. I guess Garoppolo is on social media. I guess he's always concerned about his privacy, which doesn't make sense if you're on social media in the first place!
 That sounds interesting. To be honest, I thought it was a more factual show about sea life...like sharks and other sea creatures. Boy was I wrong!
 I love science! I like to read about the history of sea life. Did you know that sharks developed earlier than dinosaurs or trees? So fascinating.
 Do you have places in mind?  If you are going to take  a plane it's actually slower than in the sixties.
 Did you know the Nintendo entertainment system could only display 54 colors back then.
 I hope entertainment has moved on from then, I wouldn't want to travel there it that is the best they have to offer.
 No I don't. Can you tell me more? Interesting that tipping a hat is used to show friendliness
 That makes sense. Do you know what a hat pin is? I guess they were dangerous back in the day and so a law was passed in 1908 to limit their size
 Well did you hear about how the dunk was banned for a while? I guess Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just too good at it or something
 I know it is so iconic! also the Supreme Court has a basketball court in it. That is so weird!
 Nope it's actually either the college football or basketball coach. That seems like a waste of money to me but again I don't like sports
 Yes I agree with you. have you ever shot a basketball "granny style", Apparently that is the best way to shoot and the most accurate
 Yep as long as I win that's fine with me haha. Allen Iverson will also get a lump sum payment of 32 million dollars when he turns 55. You can't argue with that
 I did not know that. How ironic. 
 Well he was so good at dunking that he got the move banned in college basketball for over a decade!
 An NBA player. He got an amazing endorsement deal with Reebok. He gets $800,000 a year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 Oh. Nice! I wonder if Jordan has that same deal with Nike?
 I'm not sure, but I'm curious why there is actually a basketball court in the supreme court building.
 It's probably the fact that they were able to call it the highest court in the land. Speaking of courts did you know that tipping of ones hat started because of the knights that would raise their face visors to show friendliness.
 Very cool. Now it is a gentleman thing to do! The most popular hat in the old west was the bowler!
 I'm really surprised that it's not the cowboy hat.
 Oh interesting. Remember the conical hat? It was derived from dunce caps!
 I think it's interesting that the hat that you wear during graduation is called a mortarboard.
 Yes. I also didn't know the chef hat is called a Toque.
 I think it's interesting that a Bishops hat is called a mitres. 
 I am the same. Did you know that in 39 of 50 states, college basketball and football coaches make the most money in the state?
 I agree. The US supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor.
 That's a fitting name! The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the tall blacks.
 There would be riots over that name in the US.
 Well up until 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point or order in the house of commons.
 The most popular hat in the old West was the bowler, not the cowboy hat.
 Yep! I wear a lot of cowboy hats. Apparently it's not the most popular hat in the old west, though.
 A bowler! Never even heard of such a thing.
 I never knew there were bowling alleys in the old west!  And you would think I would have heard considering that my mother is a bowler. Or she used to be before that tragic bowling accident...
 Yep. That's about the only type of hat I wear. British politicians had to wear a top hat up until 1998 when making a point in the house of commons.
 For sure. The most popular hat in the old West was actually called the bowler.
 I would have thought the cowboy hat too. Tipping the hat actually originates from the Knights raising their face visors.
 I love basketball. Did you know Jabbar's dunk was banned in college for roughly 10 years?
 In 39 of 50 states, the highest paid employee in the state is either a college basketball or football coach.
 I'm not too sure on that. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall Blacks.
 That would not fly here in the states lol.
 I think it's cool that in 1930 there was a day with no news worth reporting, so the BBC actually just broadcast piano music LOL
 I agree with you, you never see that again today. Did you hear about Freddie Mercury use the same piano that the Beatles use to record Hey Jude?
 Yep I agree. Did you know that there is a song that stress test pianos? It's not playable by humans but it will know if they are out of tune, it's called Circus galop
 Yes I watch a lot of drama on TV actually. I love the show House, it stars Hugh Laurie as Doctor house. I can't believe he makes 700,000 per episode though
 Well it makes more sense then Jim Carrey not making dramas anymore. He says they don't throw up positivity but I think that they can
 Oh nice. I also enjoyed It, the Stephen King remake. He is a great horror creator even though he was scared of Bambi as a child!
 True. People should try looking at abstract art after watching a horror film because apparently you can appreciate it more!
 Yeah. Another thing is that when you are terrified you can burn more calories! Up to 180 calories after a horror movie!
 Yeah they should play horror movies at the gym! The Shining was a good one. The actor playing Danny Boy didn't even realize he was acting out a horror movie at the time!
 Yeah I would think a gun would do the trick! Cadillac is a good brand which was named after a French explorer!
 Haha yeah I wonder if there are any flame thrower cadillacs in Africa? Gran Turismo must be a realistic game if Jann Mardenborough became a pro driver from beating 90,000 people!
 I didn't believe the Lord of the Rings were losses.  Those movies were very successful.  
 Hey there do you like horror movies? I know that a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories when you watch it, I need to do that more to lose some weight LOL
 Yes I would watch The Shining. Although it's very disturbing haha. It has a little boy in it, I'm just glad that when he was making it as a child he didn't realize it was a horror movie
 Yes I heard that too. Have you ever seen a water phone before? I need to check those out. Did you know too, that if you view abstract art after watching a horror movie then you'll appreciate it a whole lot more? I need to test that.
 I do like abstract art. Salvador Dali was one of my favorite artists, what about you, do you like abstract art? I also think it's funny that Stephen King thinks that Bambi should be a horror movie. You should try watching some abstract art first haha.
 Yep I agree with you! Have you ever played the game Gran Turismo by the way? Someone was so good at it that they actually became a professional race car driver, now that's the life!
 I know right or a steering wheel for that matter LOL. Did you hear about the guy who founded Detroit? His last name was Cadillac and that's where the term for the car company was gotten from
 Agreed. Danny, from the shining had no idea he was in a horror film until several years later.
 I see they call it a trunk becasue cars used to have a trunk in back. That's interesting.
 In south africa, flame throwers are legall to prevent car jacking. 
 Yeah. I also read in Maxim years ago that they have swords under their cars too. 
 No... I am not sure he knew what a car jacker was! in 2014 they estimated there were 1.25 billionn cars. That's a lot of swords!
 yes because whatever he is doing he does it right. Earning an incredidble amount.
 I don't like traveling by land and would definitely be annoyed if I traveled by land in Japan because you have to pay for a lot of tolls.
 Yes over 300 dollars to cross the country!  crazy!
 I guess King Kalakua of Hawaii had a lot of money to travel. He was the first king to travel around the world.
 5000 year old shoes work better than modern shoes!
 That is interesting.  I wonder why?  Certainly they are better than ballet shoes where dancers wear through 4 pair a week
 Yeah, that sounds painful! So since they are changed out so often I doubt they need odor removers? Dry tea bags work as odor removers.
 I will have to try the tea bag thing.  Steven Marbury was actually paid to not promote shoes once - I would like that gig
 Yeah I heard he is the highest paid actor for tv drama ever.
 I wish I could get an iPhone Xs Max. It sounds pretty cool! It has a 6.5 inch screen.
 Interesting. I wonder why. During the first live iPhone presentation the iPhone wasn't so great yet. Steve Jobs had a spare behind his desk to showcase it because it would run out of ram and crash frequently
 I guess the X and 8 plus have no home button and no touch ID. I'm not sure how it works.
 Yeah, my parents had a rotary phone. Funny how phones have progressed. It's interesting that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent!
 I'm kind of addicted to my phone. Maybe I should do the Unicef promotion that donates a day of clean water for every minute I don't use my phone.
 I am binge watching Good News. From 9 pm to 12 am, Netflix makes up 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America. I certainly am guilty of contributing.
 Thank you.  I did not realize that they still mail dvds to customers.
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you like Drama?  I just read that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in House.
 Really?  Thats awesome,  No I never heard of that movie.  Their security must really be bad. 
 but they dont have the same feet how will one person know its comfortable for another person?  lol well it was good talking to you. 
 Me too! I'm sure Hugh Laurie loved it too since he was paid $700K per episode! Wasn't that show on for a long time? He must've been paid more than doctors?
 Seriously! Jon Hamm even taught drama in high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper from the Office, such a small world!
 Oh I see, I really want to travel to Iceland some day but the lack of public rail services and having to rely on domestic flights seems to be expensive to me.
 Yes something just like that! And so much more assistance is needed to save the Amazon for sure! I had no idea and just found out that The US Government owns 86% of Nevada! Very surprising to me!
  I agree. Especially since no woman has ever been nominated!!
 The science behind cinematography is amazing.  Apparently light can be recorded either electronically or chemically.
 It really is. Gavin free is known for his rooster teeth even though he has worked on many movies!
 Oh interesting. I would like to watch that movie. How did it do at the box office? Tom Hanks is the highest box office earner ever!
 More than 3 million people went to see it!
 Oh wow. The movie trojan wars had a budget of 15 million!
 Yes it did. Must have been a bad movie. One of the most expensive flops though was Disneys treasure planet!
 It is kind of ironic the silence of the lambs came out on valentine's day.
 Haha yes. Loved that movie though. Did you know sleeping beauty was a box office failure?
 I never knew that, I just assumed MJ invented it. His device patent he uses for his extreme lean dance moves is pretty cool too
 No but thinking about it I can see it now. It's pretty crazy Shakespeare invented the names Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia
 Not that much, but my kids are always on there watching videos. It is the second largest search engine on the internet.
 That video or song is the most disliked video on youtube. I did read that he has granted over 200 make a wish wishes!
 That's so wild that you knew that! Now to blow your mind away, my iphone has more power than the whole US nuclear icbm detterrent. So much power for such a little device...
 Or Bruce Lee, who won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
 I wonder if Tupac had to buy a lot of shoes. He danced ballet in high school.
 Yeah I guess that is how Reed Hastings had the idea to start Netflix. He racked up a $50 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13.
 And I bet they regret declining several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million. It is now worth $2 billion.
 Yeah, I heard they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.I had forgotten they still have the DVD option.
 Yeah I remember getting DVDs before the streaming option got good enough. I am surprised they still have the DVD option! 
 Interesting! They have 137 million subscribers worldwide and counting, with 58 million being in the US.
 Do they have a lot of debt? Wow. They are available worldwide except in five countries.
 That's amazing! They have gotten so expensive but I heard the materials cost less than $300
 True. It seems like they've been around forever, but the first one was released in 2007. 
 They were much simpler back then, now there are more than 2 million apps available!
 Speaking of conspiracy theories, the use of telephone operators and the start of being able to dial the telephone yourself came about because a funeral director thought the operators were sending calls to his competition!
 No, I'm more from the portable house phone/cell phone age. Did you know the number of bars of service on a cell phone doesn;t really indicate how clear the connection is?
 I'm not sure, I thought that's exactly what the bars indicated! Did you know dolphins can talk to eachother on the phone? I would like to see that!
 Apparently they know they are talking to other dolphins too! What a cool job to be the researchers studying that!
 Yes.  i learned recently that Bruce Lee won a Hong kong cha cha and was a great dancer. 
 I think that's gotta be hard on the feet. It's hard on the shoes. I can't imagine Tupac dancing ballet.
 Yeah I hear babies dance spontaneously. 
 Doing great thank you. I am obsessed with Netflix. As are many other people since Netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide.
 Yeah I bet they made a ton of money from those fees. Netflix is so popular though. From 9 PM to 12 AM Netflix account for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.
 Yeah I agree and it seems like they spend a ton of money on postage. Up to 20 times more than bandwidth.
 Totally. You know the band Fall Out Boy? She was in one of their music videos.
 Yeah! That does sound like a fun way to spend the weekend, though I'll stop myself from attempting the infamous Michael Jackson leaning dance move since he uses a patented device for it, what about you?
 Though I don't think anyone has attempted to recreate that iconic move, perhaps to avoid paying any licensing fees or something. For some reason, cha-cha dancing and Bruce Lee don't seem to belong in the same sentence, just like Tupac and ballet is surprising to me too!
 Babies dancing to the beat is so cute and fun to watch but ballet dancers going through four pairs of shoes in a week, ouch!
 Yes, that sounds hard, both on the wallet and on the body. I bet they go through less shoes than Shakespeare went through pens, though--he wrote 39 plays!
 That's a good conclusion. I had no idea that it was Shakespeare who invented the names like Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia. I think Jessica is a very common name.
 Oh wow, I would be really interested in classes where the professor takes an opposing view contrary to what everyone thinks. That's really impressive, I recently read that more football players who have passed are donating their skulls for research as well. I think there is an association between head injuries and behavior with football
 That is a lot of computing power, but in this digital age, I guess that's much needed since no one has the patience anymore! We even have cables laying across the ocean floors, I guess that's what we need to brace ourselves for 5G evolution!
 Shakespeare one of the best writers in history. Fav little facts are how we popularized sayings of good riddance. Love his mind
 I didn't know that good riddance was a term made by Shakespeare I find that pretty interesting as well.
 same. He was good with names too. Made Jessica and Olivia popular
 So much history we dont know. I wonder about his personal life. They say a lot of then themes come from his way of life what was different in those times. Main sexuality and religion 
 Wow, that is actually very cool I haven't read The Merchant of Venice but I am familiar with the name. I was into theater during school so I did lots of plays.
 I don't know but YouTube is the 2nd largest search engine on the net. 
 Dunno.  I'm old but not that old.  I am old enough to have seen Clint Eastwood on horseback.  He later developed allergies to horses.  I don't remember him sneezing...
 Yep.  I guess Icelandic horses have a speedwalking gait that they refer to as the "fifth speed."
 ya that sounds like a lot going on, did you play the NES as a kid? apparently it could only display 54 colors
 ya I loved it, can't believe they officially retired the system in 2003
 haha that is crazy, did you know bill nye got his start by winning a lookalike contest? He dressed as Steve Martin
 that is interesting, do you travel a lot? all of the highways in japan are tolls and it would cost over three hundred dollars to cross the whole country!
 Shakespeare coined a lot of phrases. Did you know he coined Good riddance?
 HA! The ignorance of youth. I knew it well. He also came up with heart of hearts and laughing stock!
 Yeah! Olivia seems like a really popular name too!
 that it does! I find it crazy that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child for every minute you do not use your phone! I am on my phone quite a bit. 
 Thats crazy! I bet Blockbuster regrets not buying Netflix when it was only $50 million. 
 Ouch, yeah they got behind the technology curve for sure.  From 9pm to 12am, netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america.
 I totally agree! It's crazy to think that Netflix and Youtube make up half of the internet traffic in North America! I believe it though because I tend to be on both quite a bit when I am not working! 
 I agree.
 Yeah good idea, Netflix is always solid! I like cinema. No woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography! 
 Nope I never watched it for the above reasons that we talked about lol. There was a cinematographer, Roger Deakins, who was nominated for an oscar 13 times but never won!
 Yeah I have no idea to be honest. Never seen it but I am curious. I know the Simpsons Movie had him. It did well at the box office. Tom Hanks is the highest box office star ever!
 Oh yeah that's fair. Disney once considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty was a Box Office bust! 
 Yes I agree it is. On the other hand, Trojan Wars was a massive bust with a 15 million budget that didn't even make close to that in the box office.
 Yes they are both great dancers. I was recently watching the video of Michael Jackson doing the moonwalk for the first time, it was great!
 I did not know that, I know a lot of athletes such as Michael Jordan have. In fact his Air Jordan logo is him performing a ballet leap.
 Haha what? Is that true? I thought it was his dunk from the free throw line.
 Hard to imagine a time before any type of phones, now everyone carries a phone in their pocket! I can't believe how many iphones there have been since the first one. Who can keep up?
 And they run along the ocean floor! That's amazing to me. 
 Lots about phone technology is incredible. Like, an iphone has more power than the whole US nuclear deterrent! 
 I guess when you overlap the pages? I wonder who took the time to figure that out!
 That's sad. Amazing how far they've come from that first iphone that didn't even have 3G!
 That's pretty cool, Matt Bellamy recorded his son's heartbeat with an iphone and even put it in a song
 I always figured that too, I figured the closer you are to the ocean cable carrying phone and internet data the more bars you'd have
 It truly is. Oddly, J.P. Morgan bailed out the government in 1895.
 oh that sounds pretty cool! I should check it out. Did you know Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth?
 and theyre responsible for 33% of all bandwidth in North America at night. thats insane
 I did not know that!  Clint Eastwood had a mid-life allergy to horses.  Interesting since he had been on horses in a lot of his movies.
 I don't follow it but I watch often. I know soccer makes a lot of money!
 Yes, I guess football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined do not make as much money!
 It sure is. It has some extremes as well. Sometimes three teams play one another in one version of soccer.
 I can not even imagine! It does sound very complicated indeed!
 I hate to say it, but I use mine often. I have an I Phone. A nuclear ICBM Deterrent does not even have as much computing power as my phone!
 Haha-that is pretty funny. I know what you mean! The fastest area code to rotary dial was given to New York back in the day. It is 212.
 Yeah, i might singlehandedly solve the worlds water problem LOL. 
 Did you know that you can burn up to 180 calories for just watching a horror film?
 Did you know that looking up yourself is called "ego surfing"?
 I heard she is. Once the glass broke into shards, she had to go to the hospital. I heard she got close to 70 stitches total!
 Yeah that was terrible to hear. I loved Deadpool! Hilarious movie. Apparently the "Ghostland" production team had an unexpected stunt where the glass broke into dangerous shards!
 Haha yes I wouldn't want to see a movie about Normalman. I loved Stan Lee, can't believe he wrote 15 DC comics.
 I know, very impressive. There's even a Garfield book series called Pet Force.
 Oh wow. I used to like Garfield! I like watching superhero shows on TV and movie. Movies have gotten so good lately. One cinematographer Roger Deakins was nominated for an Oscar 13 times but never won!
 That's sad, but at least he was nominated, which is something to be proud of. I actually just learned that there are 750 episodes of Pokemon, which equals to 50 a year for 16 years.
 Very true. wow that is a lot. I used to watch that show. And collect the cards. It was so popular! I also loved that 70's show and I had no idea there was also a UK version. Kind of like how the UK office became the US office show.
 I never knew that about the 70s show. And personally I like the American version of the Office more. Did you know that there is an episode of the Simpsons where Bart never appears or is mentioned?
 Me as well, much better. Oh wow I just figured Bart was in every episode. Also Thomas the Tank Engine must have been popular if Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin narrated it!
 I loved Thomas the Tank Engine as a child. I remember Ringo and Carlin on the shower, but not Baldwin. I just learned that the word "cinematography" is based from the Greek word that mean movement and record, together meaning "recording motion."
 Oh nice. Cinema has definitely become a global phenomenon! For example Chinese-American James Wong pioneered the use of wide angle-lenses.
 I just realized I said "shower" instead of show haha sorry. And James Wong was married to a white woman but their relationship was illegal until 1948 due to racism, which is pretty sad especially because of how recent in history it is.
 Hopefully for Roger Deakins, he has the opportunity to win first haha, being nominated 13 times, I'd say at this juncture it's well deserved. 
 Yeah I totally agree with you there! Have you heard that the slow motion cinematographer Gavin Free is known for rooster teeth and achievement hunter on youtube? Kind of odd I think.
 Oh I thought you meant that Steven King wrote Bambi.  I see what you mean now.
 Yeah I need to look these questions up as well. Apparently when earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long. I could get used to that work week!
 Oh yeah always got to be posting to Instagram! The Internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain so no matter where people are they need it.
 Yeah I don't know enough about the Internet to answer that question. But do you know those terms that you see when buying a product or service on the Internet? Only 7% of people read that.
 Yes me too. Do you like horror films? I like watching them around Halloween. Maybe that explains why I lose the weight around that time because watching horror movies can burn up to 180 cal.
 Also remember the metallic noise in horor movies is from something called a waterphone! Enjoy your day now :)
 Just over a decade under 35, haha. I've never heard of her before. I have a lot to learn!
 I feel like she is always on TV. I wonder how many episodes she has filmed. That is a crazy contract.
 That is a lot of money, wow, I heard he rejected a $10 million dollar deal from Reebook
 NWA's Straight Outta Compton was pretty good too, it was able to go platinum without airplay or a major tour
 I wonder if they at least recorded it. There's a Roman amphitheater in Croatia that is still in use
 One of the best dancers of all time (in my opinion) Michael Jackson even had a patent on a device he used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves. That surprised me.
 Wow, even Tupac danced ballet in high school and portrayed the Mouse King in his school's production of the Nutcracker.
 I don't know but another little known fact also surprised me.  Bruce Lee was also a great dancer and won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha championship in 1958. Wow, never would have guessed that one.
 Technology has taken us so far.  Can you imagine having been in a foxhole and using a pencil, razorblade and diode for a radio?
 I wonder how you can pick up sounds from jupiter I guess you would have to intercept the electromagnetic waves are something like that.
 Oh I was just thinking if you were in the area of DC there was a lot going on there that might be interesting.  Classical music, Jazz concerts, movies..even different types of beers and pairings.
 I am jealous! I would love to see "Becoming Dr Ruth". The life she led is fascinating. Nazi Germany and training in Jerusalem? Never thought of her as a sniper!
 I'm sure it's not even that noticeable because you don't really think of the nationality of the artists when you're listening to a song. There's a station in Finland that airs a weekly Latin news program.
 No, it is really amazing at how a radio can be made out of the smallest and craziest items.
 They were made with bits of pencil and razors, it's very impressive that they made them in a way that they were functional.
 Very neat and patriotic. The car brand cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit.
 i love them ! i wasnt aware that there is only 2 african american men in the country music hal of fame 
 Goodbye
 I dont know I just find that stuff interesting. So is there good money in being a dj.
 I'm amazed that Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. When did they find time to sleep and eat?
 That is quite something. I am also always puzzled by the flexibility of ballet dancers.
 yeah I like all kinds of music,  I just listen to whatever sounds good.  Did you know The Dark side of the Moon was still best selling album of 2014?
 oh true, I didnt even think of that,  I just thought how tiring lol 
 That is amazing!  
 Well if you think that is interesting... Bruce Lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 I did know that,  and that is pretty cool!  Pro ballerinas go through 4 pairs of shoes a week!  I hope they get a frquent buyer discount lol 
 I haven't been to a concert since Hanson, ha! I used to like Creed but I'm glad I never went to one of their concerts-a lawsuit was filed against them for a concert being so bad!
 The Ramones must put on better concers. They have played over 2000 concerts, and have toured non stop for 20 years.
 That's a lot, much more than linkin park playing 324 concerts in 2001
 But that is crazy that that wasv only in one year, must have been exhausting!
 That is very eerie, but very cool. Speaking of ancient roman ampitheatres, there is one that is still used as a concert venue in Croatia.
 She also connected with the crowd by using humor.
 I never knew Bruce Lee liked to dance, but that makes sense. I want to see if there is any footage of him doing the Cha Cha!
 Hey, how are you?  I do like horror movies!  They are a great way to burn calories.  You can burn almost 180!
 Yes, I bet it sounds awesome!  I recently learned that Stephen King was terrified by Bambi growing up.  Never would have guessed that!
 I like her too.  I never knew until recently that it is not very diverse in terms of performers.  Only two African Americans are in the country music hall of fame!
 I guess not, I always assumed there would be in the southeast.  Funny enough, Henry Ford helped country music gain popularity!
 The funniest part about it is that he was from Michigan!  Very far from the south where country is so prevalent. 
 No, but Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories!
 Thats interesting. Horror films often aim to evoke viewers' nightmares, fears, revulsions and terror of the unknown.
 Exactly! It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking! That would be a sight to see!
 Cars are expensive not only to individuals, but to society. The costs to society include maintaining roads, land use, road congestion, air pollution, public health, health care, and disposing of the vehicle at the end of its life.
 I think I would enjoy a society without motorized vehicles... Especially on the beauiful Mackinac Island. The homes and vegitation on that island are just beautiful!
 The King Kalakaua could have used that. He was the first king to travel around the world.
 That's a long time on the road. Do you think you would be able to make it that long on the road?
 In canada they call it soccer-baseball
 That's fun too but maybe a tad bit more expensive, who knows maybe it'll be valuable like when a man found three million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfather's attic that was hidden since the 1940s
 I would like to experience Japan, but then if highway tolls costs more than $300 alone to travel across the country, I may have to save a lot more than I realized.
 I've taken the bullet train once before and you don't even realize it's going that fast. Would love to visit Iceland some day but that requires a lot of air travel since they don't have public rail services available.
 Oh wow! What route makes a layover in Reykjavik? I admire and strive to be one of those people who can manage to travel lightly, just my batteries and charger alone takes up tons of space!
 I see, yeah that must've been an especially long flight! I think my snacks and food alone would be over the limit. Who's concert did you see? It can't be Pink Floyd's since he recorded a live concert at the Roman amphitheater with no audience
 Yeah, probably worth the price more! Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone just because they had one successful debut album!
 Yes I did too. Hope they make more movies like that in the future. The movie even caused an increase in shawarma sales. Very influential.
 One of the actors who offered his voice to Jarvis in Iron Man and the Avengers has never seen the films. He is missing out!
 Marvel has the best characters. I think I like them better than DC. Sony could have purchased them all in 1998 for $25 million but they only wanted Spiderman for $10 million.
 I'm surprised to think that they only thought people would want to see or care about Spiderman.
 What a mistake that was. I find it fascinating that DC and Marvel co-own a character whose sole purpose is to keep the universes separate.
 Exactly and I think that is so wonderful too. Do you like watching television? I can't believe there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 Wow. That is a lot of episodes about 50 a year for 16 years straight. That is almost a new episode every week!
 I guess the show was too Americanized because it only lasted for 10 episodes. And I really enjoyed the American version.
 Are you a Marvel Fan?  Avengers Infinity War is the first film ever shot entirely with digital imax cameras
 The actor who played hulk in the 70's series has been voicing the character for decades up until and including every appearance in the mcu up to avengers: age of ultron 2015
 game of thrones has a budget of $15 million an episode. thats insane
 That sure is a lot of money!  In 1998 Marvel offered cinematic rights to almost all characters to sony for $25 million but sony rejected only getting rights to spiderman for 10 million
 Disney is gaining in entertainment in a lot of other ways though.  They have added Marvel, Lucasfilm and Pixar to their list of acquisitions
 Do you enjoy "the Simpsons"? There is only one episode where bart neither appears nor is mentioned
 I never watched recess. Jarvis has never actually seen any of the avengers films. If I were an actor I'd want to see my work!
 Especially those movies!  Avengers caused a great increase in shawarma sales
 Do you remember Thomas the Tank Engine?  Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin all narrated it for at least 52 shows
 Pokemon must have been popular with over 750 episodes made which is 50 a year for 16 years straight
 What do you think they could have possibly wrote about for 750 episodes?! I have seen quite a few and they arent that intresting
 I didn't. I had twin newborns at the time, and it slipped my mind. Elections have been the usual mechanism by which modern representative democracy has operated since the 17th century.
 That's an interesting question! I didn't know that sephology is the study of results and other statistics relating to elections.
 I don't really have an opinion either way. Since 1900, the taller candidate has won the us presidential election 75% of the time.
 That's interesting. The voter turnout for us presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years.
 That's amazing. Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these candidates" voting option for presidential elections.
 I'm not sure! Excellent question. Officials in ancient athens were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy.
 You can listen to all kinds of things on the radio. Even storms on Jupiter!
 Yes. I had heard about that. That was great.
 That is pretty funny. Did you watch the Super Bowl by the way? I know that I did. What's also crazy is that soccer makes more money than every other sport in the world combined, I don't even know that's possible
 I did watch the Super Bowl though I was just busy eating. Soccer can be pretty powerful. There was one player who stopped a civil war in his home country, single handedly.
 I don't have any further details. That is neat about the donation. I wonder if Greenland has hard feelings about soccer though because they can't join Fifa as not enough grass grows there for a soccer field.
 I see what you mean. Have you ever been to Japan by the way? Fairly all of their highways are tolls, that would be really annoying to travel around in
 I have been to Japan but I was really little. Yeah, that would be annoying to have to pay for all those tolls! Another annoying thing is that airports make travelers walk farther so that they don't have to give us our baggage back faster.
 Yeah that is annoying. I travel a lot for work and I have noticed that. I wish that the Dutch would come out with their commuter bus, can travel 160 miles an hour, I would love to do that instead of going through airport security LOL
 Haha, buses are getting faster but airplanes are getting slower! Air travel is up to 10 percent slower than in the 60s, to save on fuel.
 Ah, kind of funny. Speaking of islands, if you see random rabbits on islands it may have been because ships released them for a food source for future travelers, in the age of discovery.
 That makes sense. Have you ever been to Iceland by the way? Apparently they don't use a rail system because it can get so cold, so they just take Plains between major cities, that seems pretty crazy and possibly wasteful
 Im surprised that nearly 50 percent of the global population watched the fifa world cup in 2010. Soccer sure is popular
 That sounds like the football version of four-way chess! I played that once and it was a mess. I bet professionals handle a three-way sport match better, though.
 Really? That's hilarious. You'd think they'd add some astroturf if they really wanted to join.
 Wow! What country's team did he play for?
 I didn't even know about New Zealand's standing in FIFA. To me they were mainly the home of Middle Earth from Lord of the Rings.
 Yes I agree. I would rather take a train then do what they do in Japan, which is have all highways with tolls on it. It would cost $300 to travel around the country on those highways. That sounds awful LOL
 I don't know. It seems like a lot of hassle to me. Did you know that the first King to travel the world was actually the King Hawaii? king kalakaua, I wonder what made him want to do that. 
 Apparently there are lots of Manchester fans in the USA.
 Some people even didn't go into work so that they could see Rooney.
 That is cool, even though he is a global superstar and signed a $13 million dollar contract.
 It's certainly a popular sport. More than 250 million people play all around the world.
 That is interesting. Speaking of cars, do you like car racing? Jann Mardenborough beat 90,000 people in Gran Turismo and because of that he became a professional race car driver!
 That is interesting. It's crazy to think that cars have only been available to the masses since 1908.
 awesome wow, such is entertaining right? all about holding attention and interests right?
 That's a good man right there. Did you know the trunk of a car got its name because older cars used to have wooden trunks?
 I agree. Cadillac was named after a French explorer.
 Yes I read that as well.
 I saw a flamethrower is legal. Apparently, to deter carjacking.
 I love traveling, but I'm in the same boat with having a family now. The Dutch are creating a bus that goes 160 mph.
 I don't think I would either. Too fast for my liking.
 I didn't either, or that old cars actually had wooden trunks
 Speaking of old cars, a man bought a house that had a barn full of classics.
 That is amazing.  Did you know Google self driving cars have an aggresive mode?
 I did not! I suppose that back then they were guessing at what was most fuel efficient. Speaking of inefficient, in Iceland, people who don't have cars have to fly between large towns because they don't have commercial rail!
 Yeah, apparently that is a thing, but not sure where.
 Ah, probably. Now cars have progressed so much. There is an aggressive mode on Google's self driving cars. That sounds kind of scary!
 I wonder what that entails. Speaking of aggressive, you can legally equip your car with flamethrowers in South Africa to prevent carjacking. Crazy!
 Oh that sounds pretty awesome but hopefully no innocent people get hurt by accident. In India, they had to make a new car horn to withstand heavy use.
 Yeah, they probably would not like going up to Nob Hill or Russian Hill. But they view is breathtaking up there.
 I did know that. I have received a package on Sunday and spent a lot of time flabbergasted by the delivery! I just got a notice that I got a delivery from them!
 Like Jeff Bezos who built a clock into a mountain that will last for 10,000 years!
 no, but i did see that it was valued at 104 billion  the largest validation to date for a newly public listing.
 right i so do agree, and did you know that burger king  had a promotion where if you unfriend ten people on facebook you get a free whopper
 yes indeed. ! also iceland are rewriting their constitution  via facebook, allowing the public to make alterations. ! thats crazy !
 wow! thats astonishing, facebooks like button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.
 yes  i think people are getting tired of it and using snapchat, twitter and instagram
 well i guess people just don't respond if they don't want to hit the like button.
 Yes I do, I was told only old people have facebook accounts.
 When bandwidth improved, there was bound to be some streaming service. I'm surprised that Netflix still spends money on postage.
 Well blockbuster isn't worth anything now so they probably couldn't. Netflix went from 50mil to 2bil!
 They must have special drugs or something. How do they maintain the energy? Yoga?
 Yes, I do , do you? Guess they don't like the Simpsons.
 Yes, I just read that too. Its really hard to know what to believe. More people on facebook than people in the world 200 years ago. lol
 Its interesting volleyball and basketball both were created by the ymca.
 I use to like to watch the harlem globetrotters, hard to believe they only won 6 games.
 Interesting a third of divorce filings have the word facebook in them.
 After adding on other colleges, that was the next logical step in increasing the website. Thirteen year olds were on Facebook for six years before the company had its initial IPO. That's what's possibly the most surprising
 I agree. I have explained and always have been polite about it. But if they are going to continue I don't have to be a part of it. Here's a shocking fact, there are more people on Facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago!
 Yes, I'm just so shocked that a social media site would have so many people. Did you know that you have to be 13 years old to register for Facebook? I didn't know there was an age requirement.
 Glad to hear it. Did you know that the Washington Generals played the Harlem Globetrotters over 13,000 times and only won 6 times?! That's a terrible record against a team. 
 That is correct. I just recently discovered that basketball and volleyball were invented at the YMCA. That makes those sports newer than I thought or the YMCA older than I thought. 
 No they do not. They are an impressive team. I was surprised to learn that Shaq only recorded one three point score in his entire career. For such a big player I thought there would have been much more. 
 Haha that sounds like an easy job! I want a job to watch YouTube though, I usually watch YouTube and Netflix and apparently those two together can use up half of all bandwidth in the United States
 Yep I agree with you. They had a chance to buy them for only 50 million dollars, what a bargain!
 Yeah I love Netflix. So does everyone else in the world it seems! From 9pm-12am netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America!
 Yeah. Youtube is as well. If you add youtube into the equation the number then becomes about 50% of all peak internet traffic!
 Yeah I think so. Funny how it started...the founder created it because he was mad about his late fee on a vhs movie lol!
 Yeah good point. Very efficient. I want to go to Mackinac Island in Michigan because they don't allow cars only horse drawn carriages!
 Exactly.Oddly enough the first king to travel around the world was king kalakaua of Hawaii. I wonder why he would ever want to leave that paradise?
 Yeah I could see that happening for sure. I want to go to Iceland also but it sounds like it is hard to get around in that country.
 Yeah I bet it is. In Iceland most people without cars travel by domestic flights!
 Only 5.5 hours long! wow, I guess its a good think a day is 24 hours now, I would be more than a 100 years old today. 
 well did you know that netflix takes up about one third of all internet traffic?
 ah nice, well then it makes sense that netflix uses about 20x more money on postage for dvds than on its bandwidth costs
 ya they definitely made a mistake, from what I hear yes they are worth about 2 billion and blockbuster is bankrupt, isn't it?
 yes its impressive they have about 140 million subscribers, with about 60 million of those in the USA alone
 It all started when Reed Hastings was upset about a $40 late fee for not returning Apollo 13 on time.
 haha well it is interesting that baseball managers can actually play for the team, I never knew that
 ya I heard they are shocked to find out that it is America's national pastime and think that it originated in Japan
 Baseball cards are very popular.  Someone found cards worth millions hidden in his grandfather's attic.  We recently had to clean out my parent's house... no such luck for me.
 Yeah I probably wouldn't want to pay money for that either it's basically watching a concert on the screen. The Ramon's played a total of 2263 concerts. They toured almost nonstop for 20 years. Must've been very tiring.
 It certainly is interesting that people are approaching music with holograms
 It will be interesting to see how that changes the course of the industry. I guess creativity has no limits
 And they are becoming so global, expanding to include  languages like English, Japanese, etc
 Do you use youtube much?
 Oh that is cool. I love that they have the Bob Ross painting episodes in there
 Yeah, cuts the costs and more people can enjoy it who cannot make it for various reasons. With the population we have grown to be, cool thing to know we are still a minority compared to the automated software programs
 Hello,  how are you? Due to the success of their debut album, linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.
 Yeah me too.  They are a great band! The ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts...they toured almost non stop for over 20 years.  That is a lot of concerts! 
 Wow! that's awesome!  A woman going to a Dve Matthews concert actually stopped to pick up a hitchhiker and it was Dave!
 Whoa, that's cool! Deep purple broke the record for loudest concert ever! 3 concert goers were unconcious!
 Wow thats crazy! In 2002 a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band
 Hahahaa, that's horrible! Poor guys.  foo fighters played a concert so loud it showed up on new zealand's seismic monitors!!!
 Thats awesome! The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 That's funny hahaaa, Ya know if you Google yourself online it is called egosurfing lol
 really?  wow.  never knew that. The current library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 absolutely!  Youtube is amazing!
 Isn't it! Did you know youtube was a dating site at first? Too funny!
 Nope,  never knew that either!  Psy's gangnam style got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 Wow! That is crazy!   Google bought YouTube in 2005 for over a billion dollars! wow!
 Thats a good investment,  Im sure its worth way more now! Police actually have their own youtube called blutube, where they share law enforcement videos.
 Yep, youtube has to be worth billions! Oh really? That's pretty smart idea!
 good talking to you. 
 Crazy, where humans have reached with things. I am actually surprised to see that such a large number of people actually read terms and conditions
 I can see that but did not know about it. Nor did I know about the so called transhumanists. Have you heard this term before?
 Pretty cool, clean energy too. I am trying to think what I can fit in one 1 mb of ram.
 Oh, now way, not me. It sounds like it is costly to travel on the highways in Japan.
 Yeah, that's way too much! But I guess it is better than Iceland.
 I can not even imagine how expensive that would be!
 That is hilarious. Can you believe Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for TV drama?
 I was surprised to read that too! Only spent $27.95. Good to know the US Postal service helps on sundays.
 Yes, Wow what a fast reader. I would like to do that! 
 Unreal, Guess reading novels in the 18th century was a moral panic! very sad.
 I don't know about that!  Its good that  air travel is 10% slower than in 1960 to save fuel cost.
 Yeah, and Russia built a computer that runs on water! 
 That is pretty unique. All the way back in 1936 that is quite impressive if you ask me!
 Yeah I guess they are closer to the satellites? Even microwave ovens and remote controls are considered computers!
 The space shuttles general purpose computer only uses 1mb of ram too that is impressive. Have a nice day.
 I will not be able to afford driving around in Japan.
 I think so.  I understand that about 50 million years ago, horses used to be really small.
 It's really amazing.  People did not use to ride horses because they were so small.
 Yes it is. A lot of freezing rain apparently
 Yes I try I really want to go to Japan though, even though they have a lot of toll roads, all of their highways require tolls
 Yes I think so. It's so crazy that the toll roads would cost like $300 to travel around the country, I don't like that
 I know you're right. Mackinac island is also not a Car Country. They only allow horses on the island
 Yes I agree. I wish I were the first person to order a product on Amazon, for only $28 I could have had a building named after me LOL
 I would love that too! You ever check the website IMDb? apparently Amazon bought them back in 1998
 I'm just glad that they deliver on sundays now though, they have a special contract with USPS
 That they started as a book store to become what they are is amazing.  I like to read and was aware of them early, before they got into everything else.
 Hello hows it going? Did you know Icelandic horses can tolt?
 I just learned dalmations calm horses down.  That's so interesting!
 That must be touch!  I guess benadryl and claritin are apart of his daily routine!
 he is in so many westerns with horses lol I wonder why he ket taking those jobs!
 He is a good actor.
 That is interesting!  I have never watched that show but I heard it was good.  That is amazing how an actor can make so much money per episode!
 lol I like tv dramas,  so more shows.  Like Homeland,  Ozark,  Vikings. 
 Thanks. 
 oh wow! well thats good! haha There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt. everest. good to know!
 Me too, I didn't realize that there are about 20 Quintillion individual animals on the planet.  Wonder how you would even count and calculate that number?
 I think it was Germany.  What's really interesting to me is that there have been 6,331 groups of genes common to all living animals identified.  Scientists believe that these may have arisen from a single common ancestor some 650 million years ago.
 Oh wow, that is interesting and cool.  So crazy how things evolve over time. 
 Silly people, you know they've looked for that thing for years.  Somebody would have found it by now.  But, leave it up to the Scots to place the monster under protection.Lol
 Haha also hilarious though is that a space shuttle only has about one megabyte of RAM and I have 16GB in my computer haha
 Oh yeah definitely is. I have a pixel XL 2 and that has like 4 gigabytes of RAM so still more than the space station haha. Do you know how the Russians made a computer that runs on water? I guess they did it back in 1936
 I think it's the same with an iPhone. I think it's with any of their products, if you smoke by them, they will refuse warranty service because it is a Biohazard
 Haha sorry to inform you about that. Maybe you can upload your mind to a computer or memory stick though. That's what transhumanists want to do, just make sure no one smokes around you
 Haha I agree with you! Also I only have a cell phone. I don't know what you have, I was just shocked at the reason that New York's area code is 212
 That's a good point. Have you ever done the thing with two phone books? Take each page and overlap on top of each other. Once you do that you cannot separate them apparently
 Good Afternoon - I heard most kids today cannot read the time on an analog clock and I think that's crazy!
 With everyone having smart phones these days, there is little need for them to know how to tell time on a clock - but I agree with you - they should!  It's very important
 I believe cigarette smoke is a bio-hazard - it kills people!  It's amazing that Apple has it built into it's warranty - good think I don't smoke, I had no idea!
 I can't believe the space shuttle ran on only 1MB of Ram - I always thought the similarities between it and the shuttle from Space Balls (movie) was uncanny.  Our smart phones have 100x the speed and memory!
 Apparently, an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm detterent.
 I would have thought with wireless technology and satellite communication, we wouldn't need something as antiquated as cables and wires on the ocean floor! 
 Certainly could be but I would think most developed countries would have the technology in place.  Under developed countries wouldn't have the technology to utilize even a wired internet signal - I could be way off base here!
 I wonder if some people lost more than others! Did you know were among the best distance runners?
 So much better! They're just fast, not conditioned. We also have a fear frequency! Who knew!
 The last two are floating to help protect the lower organs. We may have that but not an ability to synthesize our own vitamin c...
 No, how did it get up there? 
 I think so. I guess we invented clothing and did not need it anymore
 talk about supporting local talent do you know how soldiers made radios during WWII?
 Yeah I have been to Springfield, FASCINATING.  
 For Indiana.  His sister is Cheryl and she is a basketball player
 Exactly.  btw, did you know that Allen Iverson had a lifetime contract with Reebook, and he will get 32 million dollars by the time he turn 55 years old
 That is a lump sum.  Such a lucky guy.  
 I'm surprised Iverson couldn't get more than 800,000 a year with a reebok contract, he use to be one of the best and most popular players in his prime
 It's crazy how large the game has grown since he invented it, now teams like the Oklahoma city Thunder have payrolls greater than 200 million a year
 That's crazy that number 1 picks aren't winning more championships on teams besides the Warriors or cavs
 So does Kevin Durant who won a couple with the Warriors, I'm surprised he wasn't drafted number one
 i do, in new Zealand the basketball team is nicknamed tall blacks 
 The dunk was banned from college basketball because Abdul-jabbar used it so much 
 The inventor of basketball is the only losing coach for the University of Kansas
 lets talk about the NBA next, Nike paid fines every game for Micheal Jordan to be able to wear Air Jordan's 
 The one he signed in 2001 paying him 800,000 a year until he reaches age 55
 I would agree, I wonder if it has payed off the Reebok , which is who he signed it with.
 When Steph curry scores a three pointer, mosquito nets are donated to families in Africa 
 That's a pretty neat charity!  The Warriors earned about $12 million by losing game 4 of the NBA finals last season.
 The team was founded in 1946 in Philadelphia and then moved to San Francisco area in 1962
 Being a number one pick does not mean winning a championship, only 3 have won a championship in the last 20 years
 I know he's also credited with inventing a lot of phrases and words we use today as well.
 I did not know thought all though it makes sense since he probably used some era specific puns and wordplay.
 I know the military also recommends Starship Troopers as well. Interestingly both of those books were made into movies.
 Yeah I only watch the Pistons because I'm from Detroit haha. Interesting that the National Basketball Association only took on that name in 1949
 Oh I see haha. Apparently the NBA banned them but Nike just kept paying the fee so that Jordan could keep wearing them. It definitely paid off
 Oh I totally agree. Did you hear that Tim Duncan did not go directly to the NBA. He stayed in school to get his degree. I definitely would have gone to the NBA immediately haha
 Oh I totally agree with you. You'd think with all that money they wouldn't care how they appear. They would just want to win
 What do you think about when the NBA banned the dunk. Like how can you ban such an iconic shot
 That's true. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just so dominant with it apparently. But it is so iconic I can't believe that you even considered an actually implemented the ban
 I do like basketball. Did you know Kareem's dominant dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade?
 What was wrong with it?  I would have thought that as long as you were following the rules of the game you could do it any way you wanted?
 Not sure what was wrong with it. The US Supreme Court has a basketball court on the top floor.
 Interesting, I'd like to see those judges in their long robes playing basketball!
 I think it means he has been making tons of 3 point shots.
 I agree. Did you know Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA but Jordan still wore them and just paid a fine?
 I saw that Steph Curry plays a part in a foundation that donates nets to protect families in Africa from mosquitos.
 Very commendable.  I'm sure they can afford it, they earned 12 million for losing a game once.
 Yea I bet they are filthy rich. 
 They make so much from sponsorship, like Jordan and his Air Jordan's, or Iverson  getting $800,000 a year until he's 55 even though he's retired.
 That's crazy he's getting that much money and he's retired. 
 Hey, everybody has an off night, it just happened for them, all on the same night.  
 Lol, well they got $ 12 million just by losing game 4 of the finals last season, so they're good win or lose!
 It'll be ok! I didn't know that Stephen Curry was involved with a foundation that supplies mosquito nets to families in Africa.  How nice of him to do.
 My team is the New Orleans pelicans. However one of my favorite players was Allen Iverson. He made a lot of money with Reebok. He gets a lump sum of 32 million at age 55.
 Yeah that's true. You must be referring to the air Jordans that the NBA banned. Kind of funny.
 Yeah I bet they got a lot of media for doing that. It's all about money. Although Tim Duncan sacrifice money to stay in college for four years.
 Yes that's true. Well the US Supreme court even has a basketball court on the top floor! It is popular everywhere.
 Haha that would be so fitting. Yeah Kareem's dunk must have been very influential to get banned.
 It is a very entertaining sport to play and watch. Some men go so far that vasectomy rates increase during march madness to get some rest days to watch basketball.
 Thats crazy! but not a bad idea lol, I didnt know the coach was usually the highest paid employee in a team.
 Did you know the legend Haywood chose 100k cash upfront instead of a 10% stake in nike which is now worth 8.62 billion?
 Nope I never have! It's interesting that Shakespeare popularized many of the phrases we use today like good riddance!
 I had no idea that " break the ice came from Shakespeare also!
 Very cool to learn! Surprisingly Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time and died only a year apart!
 Oh wow I never knew that. Apparently Shakespeare invented the name is Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia.
 I do enjoy dramas. I am surprised that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor in a drama series at 700,000 an episode!
 Yeah he is so good in House MD though. Jim Carrey quit drama movies because they weren't positive enough!
 I am sure it is because he made quite a bit more in Mad Men than teaching!
 Yeah, no kidding! I have not heard that. Good chatting!
 It didnt but he sure lost a lot of money because of that, not sure it was the right choice but it is admirable for sure.
 Yeah, Oakland is sure a place of surprises and The Golden State warriors are also full of them.
 Pretty good ones! He also invented the names Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia. I didn't realize any of those names were so old!
 Yes. His plays have been translated into every major living language! Pretty impressive!
 The Polish composer?  Isn't he the one that donated his skull to the Royal Shakespeare Company?!
 I believe it was used as recently as 2008 in a series of performances of Hamlet. Wouldn't that be a sight?!
 I mean, his plays are performed more often than those of any other playwright, so I guess they want to keep things more interesting than the competition! 
 It sure has! Think I'll go read some Shakespeare sonnets for awhile now!  Good bye!
 I hear that there is a basketball court in the top floor Supreme court building and it's called the Highest Court in the Land.  Do you like basketball?
 Is that when you make a shot underhanded?
 That was sweet.  I hope he did it!  Did you know although the 'granny style' of shooting from the line is the best to score NBL players refuse to do it because 'it looks stupid'!  LOL
 Fantastic! Did you know Steph Curry's team donates part of their proceeds to buying mosquito nets for poor people?
 Yeah, the nets are for people in Africa. For every 3 pointer he donates 3 nets.
 You know something else? Of the past 20 years only 3 of the draft picks have actually won a championship.
 Yes, very fun! How about Reggie Miller? Did you know he has a younger sister that used to play basketball too?
 Can you imagine the dunk shot getting banned? That's exactly what happened for 10 years!
 Very interesting! In 1975 they has to play their finals in the Cow Palace because their stadium had been overbooked.
 Did they win or lose that game? Because by losing game 4 of the NBA finals last season, the Golden State Warriors earned nearly $12 million. For LOSING
 I think that it is a reminder of books that have been banned in the past for their controversial content, I remember it during my childhood
 I hope so. What do you think about William Gladstone? He took a wheelbarrow full of books at the age of 85 and random all the way to donate to his local library LOL
 I think so. What do you think about the Norway government though? If you publish a book you are guaranteed to get at least 1000 sales because they will buy your books and put them in libraries all over the country
 Well you should do a children's book then, because they will buy 1,500 of them instead of just the 1,000 LOL
 yes it is, I wish I had bought the first item sold on amazon, then I could have a building named after me for only $28!
 Yes online is definitely more convenient! I think it's interesting you can sell a book in Norway and you're guaranteed to have the government by at least 1,000 copies, maybe do that for some fast money lol
 No I didn't know that! I also wish that my library had a"library of things"like in Sacramento, they can actually borrow things like sewing machines and other short-term use items
 Yes I agree. Also good for William Gladstone. He wheelbarrowed an entire wheelbarrow full of old books when he was 85 all the way to his Public Library to donate them
 No I didn't know that. Even though I use that website everyday. I should get a job with Amazon though, a typical worker will walk between 7 and 15 miles a day! That's a lot of calories burned
 Yes I agree with you there. I'm also glad that you can't put flamethrowers on your car in the United States, unlike South Africa LOL
 I heard about that. They were trying to accommodate soldiers who couldn't leave their cars because they were in uniform, I think they changed the rules for soldiers now though
 I havent heard about it but seems like its an annual thing, what about yourself?
 I didnt know that, there is a McDonalds in every corner so thats hard to imagine.
 Did you hear about the guy that was falsy improsened, he studied law at the library for about 10 years and then proved his own innocence, that should be made a movie
 It is! I love shopping at amazon, to think the first purchase ever made was of $27.95
 The trunk is called that because they actually had a trunk on the back of cars.
 In south africa, they have flame throwers to cut down on car jacking. How bad is your car jacking problem that flame throwers are the solution.
 I read about it
 I haven't seen it actually but I want to, apparently it is the most expensive comedy ever at 200 million to make it!
 Wow, I can't imagine spending that much money on a comedy movie! I wonder if it broke even.
 ya thats a good question, also they didn't win best picture, it's been 37 years since a comedy movie won the best picture award
 I love Star Wars! I'm kind of shocked that it was nominated for comedy of all things, though. I guess people's idea of comedy has changed!
 Hello - did you know a man was falsely imprisoned for 10 years studied law at a library to prove his innocence? 
 Yep, pretty awesome he did that. I read that if you publish a book in Norway the government will buy 1000 copies to donate to libraries throughout the country 
 That's crazy. I had no idea about that. 
 The UK prime minister founded a library at 85 and wheelbarrowed his personal collection of 32,000 books to the library.
 I read that Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that can run for 10,000 years.
 Amazon workers walk between 7 to 15 miles a day.  Sounds like good exercise!
 Wow, I didn't know that either.
 Back then there weren't nearly as many cars as we have today. Cars are increasing exponentially. We are at 1.25 billion, up from 500 million in 1986.
 Yep that makes sense, it's interesting that the term poetry was taken from the Greek word for poesis though, that means making
 Why what seems like poetry goes back a long time. Do you know about the Javanese alphabet? When you speak it in order it actually forms a poem
 I think they're ok, I think they're so political now though, it's amazing that they give out a set of 24 Awards though that does take a long time
 Yes. A total of 3,072 Oscars were given out through the 90th. That's a lot! Did you know it's the oldest worldwide entertainment awards ceremony?
 No I didn't know that. I think they started back in 1929 right? That's a long time
 He does. That is impressive. Did you know the Oscars have been nominated for Emmys before? In 2013, the Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys. I like the Emmys because I like watching television.
 That is interesting how the Oscars were nominated for an emmy LOL. Have you ever seen the movie Blazing Saddles by the way
 Wow. Three oscars is pretty good, but nowhere near Walt Disney's 22 Oscars. He still holds the records for most Oscars won by a man!
 That is super impressive! I don't think it will ever be topped, what is crazy though is that Eminem has more Awards than Bill Murray Leonardo Dicaprio and Johnny Depp LOL how is that possible
 Yes, I never knew poetry existed in prehistoric times, I wonder how they know it was poetry
 They probably didn't at the time but as they researched the writings I bet they ended up putting a label on it. 
 I have not heard of that but I think I will have to look it up! The alphabet in javanese when said in order forms a poem! How cool is that!
 I like the show but don't always watch, it is interesting that it was 1st broadcast on the radio in 1930!
 Lol that's kinda ironic that they had to broadcast the oscars on radio and they didn't have tv back then.
 HAHA! Very true but they probably went to the cinema. It wasn't on tv until 1953 and currently it is seen live in over 200 countries, very broad range of viewers!
 Yep. Apparently Eminem has more oscars than Leonardo DiCaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas, and Bill Murray combined. I would have never guessed
 Oh wow that's wild! Walt Disney still holds the record for most Oscars won...22 Oscars wow!
 Nice. The oscars were nominated for 9 emmys, that's kinda meta.
 Bye! Have a great night!
 Hello - did you know there is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring? 
 That would be hard to make something like that. The javanese alphabet when recited in order forms a poem.
 I did not know that, but that's pretty cool. 
 haha yea that is pretty ironic. Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem. 
 Oh wow I did not know that. Do you think he is still alive?
 That's funny and crazy at the same time. I saw that Eminem has won more oscars than Dicaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas, and Bill Murray combined.
 I think so too
 LPs are actually making a comeback of sorts; you can be retro players for LPs and actually buy them too
 I never realized that Homer SImpson had so many jobs on the Simpsons.  Numerical information can be interesting if you can devise it.
 I did. I read it was an accident that happened while he was trying to make bombs. 
 They said that evidence has emerged suggesting Morrow was a white supremacist whose apartment doubled as a "homemade explosives laboratory,". Very scary!
 Yes and it only seems to be gettin worse everyday. 
 That's very cool! Dogs can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps.
 That is very cool! Some dogs in moscow have learned to use the subway!
 Yeah they can cheer up kids in hospitals, help firemen, police they even help with the cleaning, Istanbul has an insteresting service they used dogs to gether plastic bottles in the street in return theres a machine that releases snacks
 Really??? That's strange...
 The olympics had events in Architecture, literature, music, painting and sculpture from 1912 to 1952. I had no clue!
 I hope the same thing, another insteresting fact is that literature was an olympic event before 1952
 just learned that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play if needed to 
 not to my knowledge, what have actually happened though is the u.s. marine corps color guard carried the canada flag into the stadium upside down.
 yes baseball. I am not a fan but some facts are interesting. like a man finding three milllion dollars worth of basebal cars in his grandfathers attic since 1940
 well canadians kickball is called soccer-baseball canada. 
 I am hearing about it for the first time too. but sounds like a baseball where you kick the ball instead of throwing
 well they say The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 Oh interesting. It is crazy that is is not the sound that travels, but information about the sound, what your heard is a reproduction of the voice of the person that you called. 
 I don't think human sound is capable of travelling that long in tubes 
 for sure, iphone computing powers alone are very interesting 
 .
 Amazon has the largest internet retailer revenue in the world.
 Haha, I wonder what the point was. Speaking of things that are built, the first amazon customer spent less than $30 and got a building named after him.
 way to go. to think it all started as a book store and grew to this
 Right. Now they even own IMDB
 I should work there in order to get exercise. Haha. I can't believe they have a film and tv studio, make electronics, have a publishing arm, and also are the world's largest cloud infrastructure provider.
 Yeah, I did. My friend had the original Nintendo system. It was finally discontinued in September 2003 in Japan.
 No I do not but that just blows my mind though
 Yeah, me neither. Did you ever go to Blockbuster? Blockbuster declined many offers to buy Netflix for $50 million. Netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 Hmm that is an interesting one too. there is a lot to learn about cars, it has been inevitable part of out travel. That is why it it so expensive to travel in japan. It actually cost 300$ to be paid in tolls across the country 
 Doing something impossible was was once meant to be Pulling oneself up by thier bootstraps I didn't know that
 No in all honesty I haven't either. I mentioned the Dodgers earlier and I found out recently that they have lost more world series championships than any other team.
 I have never heard of that happening. Have you? 
 ya I haven't followed it that deeply, but its crazy that the Cubs were teh first team to win World Series' back to back! thats impressive
 They had a pretty long drought after that back2back too!  I'm pretty excited to get this season started - been to a few Spring Training games and going to another one on Saturday
 This season should definitely be interesting. what's shocking to me though is that the Women's World Cup has higher ratings than the World Series, I don't know who watches soccer personally
 well to each their own haha! I don't watch baseball personally, but it is crazy that the baseball managers can actually play for the team if they needed to! That's why they wear uniforms
 Seems clunky - kickball makes sense and describes the sport pretty accurately I think.  Why don't they call hockey soccer-ice skating with sticks?
 Haha I like that idea! What do you think about husband and wife combo they used to schedule all of the MLB games? They would schedule about 2500 games a year, I bet they were busy all the time!
 I thought a computer set the schedule - there's so much to keep track of and the travel time and geographical logistics.  It hurts my brain to think about setting up the schedule for 30 teams, 162 games...
 Yeah I mostly just use my cell phone. I don't have a landline anymore, but it's crazy that there is a phone cable that goes from the United States to Europe, it stretches across the ocean and is about 3 inches thick
 Yeah that is strange. I'd be scared that something would happen to the cable personally. Also, did you know that your iPhone actually has more computing power than the entire nuclear deterrent system in the United States? That is scary haha
 I bet the iPhone has more computing power than a desktop that was running Windows XP!
 I do like cars I think they are very cool and efficient. Do you own any?
 Yes I own a crossover. Do you know how the drive thru was invented?
 It was because of the rise in fast-food which is pretty interesting. Do you like to use your car to travel?
 woah that is going to be crazy. The engines on cars have changed so much. Do you like electric cars?
 yeah i'm sure. technology is changing so much. What do you think about Tesla?
 It's pretty cool, how he's did that.  I wouldn't have been able to pull that off.  He's got talent.
 I read that his father went out to buy a pack of cigarettes and never came back, when Stephen was four years old.
 I have one, I don't use it as much as I used to, though.
 Me either. I mostly text on the cell. Did you know that the cables that carry our internet and phone data across the ocean are only 2.7 inches around?!
 That's just wild and I hear they just lay them on the ocean floor.
 I know, I wouldn't want to risk them disintegrating in all that salt, either.
 It is amazing to look at how far we have come. There is more computing power in an iPhone than in the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent!
 That's kind of impressive and sad at the same time.  But, I love my iphone. Lol
 I wonder what music they play.  Maybe the band is called "Terrified of Bambi" because it really scared him and the master of horror thought it was the first horror movie he watched!
 Lol.  I don't read a lot of his works, but it's interesting to know that most of his books, despite seeming so different, are actually connected in some way.
 I thought that was cool too, sometimes it is characters that appear in others or are referenced.  But that just plays more toward his genius.
 He sold more than 350 million copies of his books.   That was amazing.
 Yea, he also wrote six non-fiction books, I never knew that
 I did not know either.  His work was rejected numerous times before he became famous.
 He also played in a band with Matt Groening, the creator of the Simpsons
 He is really talented.  You said that other than writing books, he also played in a band?  What instrument did he play?
 Thats cool!  Did you know that linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001?
 Yeah... i like plot twists in the movie.  I wonder what is in Pixar's secret room?
 Oh that's cool! It's amazing that they have played a total of 2263 concerts.
 I don't know but for 4 of them to do it, it must have really sucked. 
 Yeah I bet they went to the concert together. In 1972 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman amphitheater but there was no audience!
 Yeah she makes a lot of money only second to LeBron James!
 It was probably his idea. Remember the ol' NES?  I guess it could only display 54 colors but who's countin'? 
 Sad... Did you know Bill Nye got his break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest?  I don't see the resemblance...
 oh millions I think, the NES was finally discontinued in 2003, I think it came out back in 85 that is a long time!
 Yeah I occasionally watch a hockey game. Canada only has 2 national sports lacrosse and hockey.
 Interesting. In 1924 the first Olympic Winter games, Canada scored 132 goals and let and three in the entire ice hockey competition!
 Ha ha yeah that would definitely makes things up a bit. An average ice hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds in one game... that's a lot of sweat.
 Ha ha it very well may be. In 1993 a hockey player was traded for one dollar. He must've been bad.
 actually he (Kris Draper) was really good
 Oh yeah you are right he went on to win for Stanley cups! Wow
 Funny that New Zealand has a basketball team named the "Tall Blacks" Imagine trying that in the US with the PC culture and thought police?
 Surprising as seeing he is the most losing coach in Kansas history!
 yeah the only one at U of Kansas...speaking of which, it's getting close to bracket time.
 Yes me as well. In the first winter olympics, Canada scored 132 goals and let in 3 the entire competition!
 Must be nice! Jordan was one of the best of all time. His shoes got banned from the NBA once but he still wore them because Nike covered the fines!
 Yes I agree. Definitely longer than the NFL I would think. College sports are hugely popular. In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid employee is a college football or basketball coach.
 Ah, the playoffs are the best. Those players get paid so much, and the coaches too!
 Yeah, me too. That was a smooth move. Did you know that in 39 states a football or basketball coach makes the most money?
 Not that I know of. But Allen Iverson is a player with a lifetime endorsement deal with Reebok. Can you imagine! His payouts are huge.
 Yes, maybe he will. He is going to get a final lump sum of 32 million when he turns 55. Not that he's likely to need it!  I heard another interesting basketball fact recently, the granny shot is actually the best way to get a score from the line!
 Yeah it's a lot easier now days. Two identical twins once released a rap album when they turned 100 lol.
 Yeah that's a good point especially since the guy who is inspired to start Netflix based his decision off racking up a big late fee!
 Hello! How are you doing?
 did you know linkin park has the best selling album in the 21st century
 When I was in my high school years that is all I listened to, it was my rebel phase.
 so probably not, lol, good chatting with you
 I bet there is! And they have the white house of course! Do you like to travel?
 Hopefully it is as safe as it is fast! It's better than horse drawn carriages like in Mackinac Island!
 You and me both! Do you like to listen to music?
 I've been to Tim McGraw and Faith Hill, hbu? I can't believe how many concerts the Ramones played.
 Blockbuster had the chance to buy netflix on more then one occasion. I think they wanted 50 million to get out and now they are worth 2 billion!
 I'm surprised they don't get into streaming music, which is also getting really popular. For me though while I gave up DVD's pretty easy I still prefer to buy my music as vinyl LP's.
 I do. I am surprised there are buses that go 160 mph in Netherlands...
 Wow. Planes instead. The first king to travel around the world was the Hawaiian king. Who knew!
 That is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 The ramones played 2263 concerts! Non-stop for 20 years!
 NWA's straight outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour.
 That's crazy! That movie did really well too!
 Yes, that must have been very strange for them to perform with no audience to give them any feedback or to clap when they finished.  These rockers are strange people!
 A lot of people say that, more authentic feel.  Speaking of Pink Floyd, their Dark Side Of The Moon Album was still one of the best selling albums of 2014.  Despite it being over 40 years old.  That's wild!
 That is really surprising! I guess there is just something about their music that speaks to multiple generations which is kind of neat when you think about it. 
 I think it is cool how people still collect them even though we live in the age of streaming. CDs never made that impact even though they were super popular for a time. More of a fad I guess. 
 I know that's strange how that happened, even with the 8 track tapes and cassettes.  I read that Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century, but to tell you the truth, I've never heard of them.  Lol
 I must be old, because I haven't heard of them, either! Lol  
 Yep his sister sounds like she was amazing haha. Did you know that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach? The only losing coach and his whole University's history LOL like how is that possible
 It is a very strange nickname. Definitely one that would not fly in the United States LOL. Do you know that the Supreme Court has a basketball court on the top floor?
 Yeah he seems like a good guy. He finished his degree instead of going right to the NBA. I guess that was a smart move
 Yep he's the man. I can't believe he's going to make 32 million dollars when he turns 55. He'll never have to worry about money again
 I think the dunk being banned had more to do with the dunker - Kareem, than the shot/technique.  He was so dominate and innovative that it created an unfair advantage/balance 
 The Highest Court in the Land!  (No pot pun intended)  Although, I don't see RBG crossing Clarence Thomas over and dunking on him!
 For sure!  I also find it hard to fathom that Jim Naismith, the inventor of Basketball had a losing record KU - he invented the game!
 I remember that - it was a promise to him mom/family to finish college right?  Amazing how the Spurs got The Admiral and then Duncan in succession 
 I knew some dancers in school and those ballet shoes, pointers, really messed their feet up!  Painful to see
 That does not surprise me at all - not very durable, maybe there's a correlation there?  Pretty sure construction boots will last years and of course tennis shoes last a while
 Yes up to 4 pairs in a week? Seems like they could make them a bit more durable...
 Very odd indeed usually things improve with time. Also putting dry teabags in shoes may soak up the odor!
 Yeah he was an NBA player! He once promoted a line of shoes that sold for $15. Very cool since now they are easily over $100.
 Yeah it is I love the NBA. It was founded in New York on 1946.
 Yeah some players get paid so much they don't even care like Alan Iverson got paid $800,000 a year starting in 2001 by Reebok.
 No doubt. Tim Duncan sacrificed money though to finish out college. It was great talking with you tonight!
 No I did not.  I do however know that Allen Iverson is going to get 32 million from Reebok when he turns 55 years old!
 I read that somewhere! That is crazy, they probably thought they were making a great deal back then. 
 Yes, I like shooting hoops with friends, we challenge each other to score from the farthest part of the court. Shaq would not be good at this game, he only scored 1 3 pointer in his career.
 That sucks for him. Big loss for Virginia too!
 That seems to be the trend now. Kareem got the dunk banned a while back.
 No and he was the worst coach in Kansas history!
 I think that is the national team name. Their rugby team is black 7s. 
 Apparently the best technique for free throws is shooting granny style according to physicists
 With 105 points!!! That's crazy!
 I am sure they can be more marketable. Did you know vasectomy rates will be increasing this month due to march madness?
 What?! How in the world is there a connection between basketball and vasectomies?
 Ah well I guess that makes sense in a way. I'm surprised no one has figured out a way to market that through some sort of commercial during the lead up to the games. 
 Really good marketing. Speaking of shoes there are 17 different ways to tie them
 What? Now that's really scary. I wonder if they have considered upgrading their system?
 FOREVER!! I heard somewhere that the reason New York's area code is 212 is because it is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone. 
 Hey, did you know the reason NYC has a 212 area code is, is because it's the fastest number you can dial on an old rotary phone?
 Hi, no I did not think of that, but excellent thought.  Speaking of phones, it is amazing that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear missile deterrent system!
 Yes, use Facebook a lot too.  Great way to keep in touch.  I can never get over the fact that Myspace turned down an offer to buy it for $75 million!!
 The blue is totally iconic.  People are so reliant on Facebook that Iceland is using Facebook to rewrite their constitution!  I can't even being to imagine that comment section.
 Wow, but reading the comments is half the fun. Unless you see stupid comments your friends make and then you have to unfriend them. Remember when burger king gave out free whoopers if you unfriend 10 people?
 They are very annoying.  Amazing how far they have come!  A music protocol was used for networking the first multiplayer first person shooting game.
 Interesting. You know it's been almost 7 years since facebook went public and I still haven't got around to buying stock. I really should.
 I can't believe it has been that long.  From almost selling for $75 million to being worth over $100 billion, wow!
 I wish they'd add old games to their multiplayer games. sega genesis games like streets of rage, or snes games too.
 I remember playing both Sega and SNES.  I also remember the fateful Halo 2 server shutdown from 2010.  Wish I knew that if I left the console on, I could have played for another three and half weeks!
 I loved Golden Eye and Mario Kart.  I could play those for hours.  Rare and Nintendo were not even aware that multiplayer mode was being added!
 I don't know what a waterphone looks like, don't think I want one though,   Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid drama actor, making 700000 an episode for House, I think I am in the wrong field.
 That's the trade off for fame I guess,  I read that Michael Caine only became an actor because he thought the pretty girls were all in drama, I can see his face but can't think of anything he played in.
 Wow. Such dedication. I also heard that the movie had a box office hit of over $270 million!
 Definitely the opposite of a flop. Did you know that "Treasure Planet" was a hugh flop? I thought Disney would know better.
 I loved that movie. Surprised it was a flop though. But it wasn't a flop like Sleeping Beauty though. Disney was considering shutting down their animation studio since it was a failure.
 Haha yes, much better. Did you know cars were born in 1886 in Germany?
 Yes he did. Did you know Cadillac is named after a French explorer?
 They are. That explorer also founded Detroit.
 Most definitely. It's legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flamethrower. 
 Remind me never to cut anyone off in traffic in South Africa.  I though my streets were hectic.
 Haha. It is apparently because they have high case of carjackings.
 I do too. Did you know Pixar has a secret room that is visited by Celebrities?
 I love Pixar. They make the best animations. Did you know Robin Williams was the voice of the Genie in Aladdin?
 I think so too. Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode. 
 Wow! That is a crazy amount of money just for one episode. 
 So cool. The sun is so amazing. The fact alone that it produces enough energy in one second to meet the need of the planet for 500 000 years is mind blowing
 Space is so amazing. And to think that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered, yes to fundamental for life on earth. 
 That would be interesting. I mean all birds especially the ones that migrate long distance like form Canada to mexico without sleeping, just amaze me
 yea they do all of that just from instinct.
 I found it interesting that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to repair their nests
 i like that birds have regional accents apparently. like the birds in brooklyn sound like they're from brooklyn.
 And how their bones weigh less than their feathers. I guess that is why they can fly so high and fast.
 Hey yes but they are kind of outdated. On am radios you can sometimes hear radio jupiter storms!
 I wonder what a radio storm from Jupiter even sounds like? Static I guess?
 Yes great guess! Maybe it sounds like a bird chirping lol? Speaking of birds, hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to build their nests.
 That is sad to hear. I was shocked to see that it is a sub-family of the pigeon!
 I cannot believe that their entire skeleton weights less than the feathers. 
 Yes amazing fact. Some birds can even fly from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping thanks to those light bones.
 I cannot believe they can make that whole journey.
 I hope there is. I wonder if the birds ever get too hot from the sun? The sun is actually white not yellow!
 Very cool. It produces enough energy in 1 second to meet the needs of our planet for 500,000 years!
 Yes it just completed one in 2011 for the first time since being discovered in 1846! Very cool.
 hey there did you know the sun is actually white and not yellow
 I did not know that actually. That's crazy as it does look yellow. I know one thing - a lightning bolt is actually five times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is crazy!
 that is crazy, its about 5x hotter actually, roasting!
 that is crazy, also crazy is the sun is 100x the diameter of the earth, and somehow the mass is 300,000x greater! Its Massive!
 wow I'll have to try that out! and ya I guess Neptune just completed a full orbit around the sun, it takes over 100 years for a full year on Neptune
 Is that so? That's amazing! Had to have been the first full orbit since it was discovered in 1846, right? Truly amazing!
 haha sounds like the spiders need spider police to prevent web stealing! I always wanted to eat a dodo bird except they're extinct haha
 ya so I was thinking, they would taste like a pigeon maybe? so Maybe I should try pigeon haha
 haha good point! I wish I could fly from alaska to mexico and not sleep, like some birds can
 haha true that, I'd be scared to live in Australia, can you imagine a car alarm going off and then you discover its only a bird haha
 haha I know I wish I had that talent! Or the talent to make the sound of a camera, that could be used for evil haha
 I just found out that the sun is actually white.  I always thought it was yellow.
 The sun is a star just like the white stars at night. It is nearly a perfect sphere, and accounts for almost all of the mass in the solar system!
 Did you know that Jupiter has massive radio storms that can be heard on AM radios on earth? Probably not as catchy as Top 40 radio though.
 No, I do not know.  Is there really such a law?  What is the reason for the law?
 Latin is hard.  Are there many people in Finland who understand Latin since they have radio news in Latin?
 I do. I can't believe he got the dunk banned in basketball though! Apparently he was just too good with it. That is pretty funny actually
 LOL you think so. But you wouldn't think the Creator would be so bad as a coach haha. I didn't know that the creator of basketball was a coach at the University of Kansas
 Oh wow haha I never heard of them. Did you know that the US Supreme Court has a basketball court?
 That's a good question! Love the name of the Court though. It's called the "highest court in the land"
 Nice! Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA for a while. They do not like change I guess.
 I think so. I guess back in 1982 she was better than him. 
 I didn't realize that.  It's a team sport.
 Really ? 
 They got this from making swords I guess as many layers as possible 
 I have no idea what that is.  why is that ?
 I just don't see that attire as a good idea :)
 lol... really ? It looks like it's so easy to block it ?
 Yeah, poor Reggie scored 40 in his own game and thought he had a good night.
 Lol, did you know that physicists have proven that shooting foul shoots granny style is the best technique?
 Do you know why they fined Jordan?  Did the league have a deal with Reebok or something?
 It's crazy that an iPhone has more computing power than the United States missile defense system haha. I have an Android but I think is about the same
 That's good I like Androids a lot more! Speaking of phones though, did you know that there is a cable connection between the United States and Europe? Apparently it runs through the ocean and is about 2.7 inches thick
 Wow, I never thought about that, very cool! I love the idea of Unicef donates a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone! Who knew...
 Well have you ever watched Bill Nye the Science Guy before? Apparently he got his break after he entered a Steve Martin look-alike competition, I used to watch him a lot as a kid
 I do like Steve Martin! I also liked the Nintendo Entertainment System when I was growing up. Apparently it only could display 54 colors but that never bothered me
 I know, I remember playing that also. I think I still have it somewhere in the house! lol It was finally discontinued in 2003 in Japan.
 Yes I still have mine! I'm just glad that we don't live in the time of Julius Caesar, apparently people in the United Kingdom used to use chickens for entertainment instead of eating way back then LOL I'm glad we have video games today
 I agree, Hard to believe the books were the most banned books so far in the 21st century!!
 Wow that is crazy! It's also crazy that the author, JK Rowling, was turned down by 12 Publishers before she finally got a deal to publish the Harry Potter series
 I was just thinking of that, told to get a job, omg she's worth millions now!  Just like most successful people, never give up!!
 Yes quite a bit for work and personally
 NYC's area code is 212 because of the ease of dialing on the rotary phone.
 I did not. I wonder how that works? I know an iPhone has a lot of computing power.
 That's crazy that intercontinental ballistic missles are being controlled by something less than an iphone.
 I have, and read all the books. He was born on 7-31-80.
 Yeah. It was the most banned book for the 21st century.
 I am a consultant to the Navajo Generating Station on the reservation in Arizona and at the same time live in Louisiana.  So, for about 1/2 of the year I live near the swamps and the other half I live in the desert. about 8 miles from the Grand Canyon.  But I have Japan on my bucket list.  All major highways in Japan are toll roads; it cost more than 300 to drive cross-country.
 Oh wow, I was recently in Phoenix Arizona and I really enjoyed the Botanical Gardens there, but sounds far from natural from the climates you live in. Oh yeah, I do want to visit Japan some time too, I especially love Japanese foods. Japan sounds very expensive to travel as well!
 Tours of the White House are somewhat limited and superficial, more so after 9/11.  But it's still worthwhile.  Its interesting to study how Presidents try to put their mark on the White House, like Teddy Roosevelt banning Christmas Trees from the White House!  Thankfully future Presidents restored the Christmas Tree!
 Tours don't take long 1-2 hours max.  Teddy Roosevelt started our National Park System.  I guess as a conservationist, he was against tree murder.  Things that other presidents have done include Carter installing solar panels, Reagan taking them off, and Bush (1st) putting them back on.
 Oh, that's great insight! Solar panels were already invented back in Carter's days, then why is the White House still using floppy disks for storing files, I'd imagine it'd be hard to find those on the market these days.
 Yes, have you visited there? Bush put solar panels on.
 Makes sense. Yeah, its surprising it took four days to find that the bullets had hit the white house!  Do you enjoy traveling? 
 No, have you? I hear its very crowded! The highways are tolls and it cost quiet abit to travel across the country!
 Oh really, Did you know during the age of discovery, ships released rabbits onto islands to provide future food for other travelers. I love rabbits, so cute. But, I know they had to eat.
 King Kalakaua of Hawaii!! That surprises me. I love Hawaii, when I was there at the big island we went to the volcanic area. Very cool all the lava rocks!
 I wonder if they do so to be in control so files don't get into the wrong hands. Did you know France and Ireland have buildings that are twins to the White House.
 I happened in 2011.  Good that George W. Bush had solar panels put back on the WH.
 So that was a recent event. Good on the solar panels. Christmas trees were  banned at the WH by conversationalist Teddy Roosevelt 
 yes, it makes me hungry.  Wow, only 7% of people read the full terms when buying products and services on the internet.  I'm one of those 93%.
 I am too. I bet I'm one of the people addicted to the internet since constant clicking causes addiction measurable in the brain.
 I probably should cut back on my clicking... Do you like to travel?  I want to ride on the 160 mph bus the Dutch made. 
 That would be cool too.  Anything but Japan's $300 in tolls to cross the country. 
 I have heard that every single highway in Japan is a toll. Must be pricey to commute to work.
 And inconvenient... Iceland sound cool although I would miss the freedom of having a car.  I guess they fly everywhere.
 Yes, with no public rail service I guess that's the only option. 
 I guess moving is travel... I heard the Library of Alexandria has saved a "copy of the internet"?  I doubt that.  
 Oh, I've heard that too. They save a copy in case the internet burns down. Sure sounds weird.
 Yeah and impossible... It fluctuates a bazillions of terabytes a day.   
 Interesting, how old are they? Do you think the internet could fail because of this? 
 Right.  I find that over the years it becomes harder to do the basics on computers, like simple maintenance.
 Yea computers have advanced so much, Transhumaninist want to upload their minds to computers in the future
 I think that they have eliminated the way for the average person to be able to do maintenance, I feel like I have to take a class just to keep mine operating, lol.
 Yea, it's funny how our phones now run more than ram than things like the space shuttle
 What's going to happen when electricity is unavailable and they all stop working?  I called a collection agency to make a payment arrangement and they couldn't help because their computers were down, they were helpless!
 Apparent smoking near apple computers voids the warranty
 No way, are you serious?  That actually makes sense, but how...are there any cases to read about this?
 Hi! I think it's crazy iPhones have more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent! That's almost unbelievable, isn't it?
 What's even crazier to me is the cables that carry internet and phone data across the oceans are 2.7 inches in diameter and simply lay on the ocean floor. Would have never guessed that!
 Interesting, I see a store in Alabama only sells things found in unclaimed luggage.
 ah that is weird, Id feel bad buying someon elses lost stuff!
 that is crazy, also crazy that people want to upload their brains to computers these days, theyre called transhumanists
 I woudl try it you'd have to haha, I want to see that russian computer that runs on water too
 ya I onlyl have an android, it's crazy that our current phones have more processing power than the USA millile system
 ya I agree, I can't believe that people make computers out of the videogame minecraft, thats too much time on your hands
 ya I think so, they could use that time more wisely, crazy too that the space shuttle only had about 1mb of ram
 I do not go on Reddit, but 0.53% vote for content as they visit Reddit.
 Me neither, i don't see how it's the number 6 most visited site in the world
 I do too! I did a recent research on Japan and I believe that! A disney pass to Tokyo, Japan's Disneyland is way cheaper for a three-day hopper than in Anaheim's Disneyland's three-day hopper.
 That is a fast bus. However, it seems expensive.
 Sounds strange since MI makes a lot of cars, they named cadillac after the founder of Detroit 
 No, that's strange, I wonder if soldier can get out there cars while still wearing their fatigues now
 Hey there!  Are you a fan of Ariana Grande?  How about that whole incident with the pastor at Aretha Franklin's funeral "grazing" her breast.  Crazy!
 I'm not a huge fan, but that is crazy! Also, Clinton staring at her backside...yuck!
 Very! Have you ever watched the simpsons...Homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes. That's one long resume!
 I love the Simpsons.  Bart is my favorite character.  There is only one episode where he does not appear or is not mentioned!
 That is wild!  One show I have never watched is Pokemon.  Can't believe there are over 750 episodes of that show!
 No, that wasn't really my thing.  Have you ever tried typing "askew" into google. Apparently it makes the page tilted?!
 Wow, I need to try that!  Google is quite innovative.  They even once tried using goats to mow the lawns at headquarters!
 Crazy! Did you know garfield use to have a website and g-mail was his email service before google's email?
 That is wild!  Now we can't live without it.  In 2013, Google went down for 5 minutes and 40% of the web traffic went down with it!
 Yes, I agree. I can't image eating popcorn with chopsticks! lol
 Ha, ha, ha. I know, right!  Restaurants are taking advantage of the novel idea with serving hovering in the sky or lying in beds. Who knew!
 Yes, I do too! Do you like travel? I didn't know air travel is saving on fuel cost since the 1960's by slowing 10%.
 I do like to travel but am afraid to travel internationally. Although if there were a bus that went 160, I might have to give it a try.
 That would be exciting! I feel the same way. Oh no, google has a self driving car that has an aggressive mode!
 I know, right! Imagine having a car horn that is not effective enough so you need to supercharge it!
 Me, as well.  I could go for 5.5 hours for my work day! Something changed that is for sure.  I have to delve into that a bit more.
 did you know that we will run out of helium on earth by the end of this century?
 they will be, did you see that the UN has a person appointed as the ambassador to extra terrestrials? I want that guy's job he must do nothing all day
 haha yes maybe he is an astronaut, whats wild is that if earth's history were a 24 hour day, humans would only occupy about 1 minute of time
 haha good point, I do like knowing that mount everest has cell phone service if I ever go, that way I could stream netflix from the summit
 ya that would be annoying, also annoying that only 7 percent of people read the online terms of service, i'm shocked its that high honestly
 ya I don't know how that's possible, and how often is it uploaded, like think of how much storrage that would take, the interent is crazy though apparently clicking links can become an addiction
 lol yes they call it a beanburger button, Judge Judy makes over 100k per episode, I wonder how many beanburgers she could buy with that haha
 I like Super Smash Bros but I can't imagine writing about it let alone writing that much about it. 
 I only saw the movie. It's shocking to me though because it's set in the future and they are fighting alien bug creatures. 
 I heard that's on their reading list also. I would have expected more sophisticated reading for the military. 
 The Oscars award show was nominated for emmys?
 Nice!!!!!! I wish I could make that per glass of whiskey. Id be so rich! Like the Facebook engineers who wanted to call the like button "awesome"
 ya I do too, I'm just shocked that he doesn't approve of fan fiction, I think its harmless
 Yeah I agree. Apparently he thinks its copyright infringement which is a bit extreme.
 That is pretty funny. You would never hear that today, have you ever heard of the world's fastest speed reader though? She can read at 4700 words per minute
 That is hard to believe! There is no way she can have a deep exploration or interpretation of text like that!
 Yeah I love that show. He is so good and deserves to be the highest paid tv drama actor ever!
 Yeah that is well deserved. Jim Carrey used to do dramas as well but not anymore!
 ya he said that he only wants to promote positivity, but I don't agree with him I think you can spread positivity through drama and not just comedy
 Scary! I didn't know Facebook only started in 2004. Seems like it's been around a lot longer!
 Haha. They could have bought facebook for $75 million in 2005 but they missed out!
 Yup! In 2012, Facebook was worth $104 Billion!
 I'm not sure, but that's interesting! I didn't know Facebook is blue because Zuckerburg is colorblind! Interesting
 Very true. I don't remember that promotion, but I can definitely see how it would get people talking. 
 Iceland are rewriting their constitution via facebook; allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations. Imagine if America did that!
 I thought that was an interesting way to do it. On one hand it makes sense since everyone seems to be on Facebook anyways so its a good place to talk. On the other hand EVERYONE is on facebook and likes to make suggestions. I can't imagine being in charge of going through and sorting all the suggestions. 
 Maybe they don't have a lot of citizens? Still a huge task! I didn't realize Facebook was only for Harvard students at first
 That's true. I knew it was started at a college for the students there, but for some reason thought it was started at Yale, not Harvard. 
 HI, I'm good. Oh really I didn't know that, thats interesting. Did you know that in the 1950s a judge tryed to ban a comic because it had a black character in it?
 Thats crazy and I used to think I read fast. The longest piece of fanfiction is four million words and is about Super Smash Bros.
 I guess they just travel by horse-drawn carriages and bikes.
 I think he also knew ancient greek!
 How fast is that?
 I hit enter too soon! Sorry. Yes, I have been fortunate to visit Italy in 2018 and Iceland in 2017. This year we are going to Africa. I was surprised that tourism in the US is down! Do you think it is the political environment?
 Right - but not sure how successful Big Hero 6 was. Interesting facts about the telephone. It sounds like fake news that Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. How would they know?
 They truly are! I also found it interesting that Big Hero 6 was rendered on a 55,000 super computer. That is simply put amazing!
 It makes you wonder what they do about emergencies? That's so weird, isn't it? Sounds as bad as Iceland where they have to travel by air between major towns due to having no public rail service.
 That sounds pretty inhumane. I had not heard of that.
 Yeah seriously. They also had a live lemur and live macaw. Hard to believe the school approved such a thing.
 Yeah that doesn't sound very good. I love animals and it's hard to believe there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth-they far outnumber us humans!
 Yeah I totally agree. Even fairytales are protected in Scotland-the 1912 scottish protection act included the Lochness monster!
 Probably the same people who still believe in bigfoot. Do you ever get the hiccups? People think it is a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.
 Haha, yeah, hiccups are annoying! Apparently animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. I'm not sure if that's evolutionary or if man has engineered it that way?
 haha. Wow I would totally do that. I have friends who I don't even talk to anymore. Zuckerberg is red-green colorblind so that's why Facebook is primarily blue. 
 I did not want to switch to FB from Myspace because I thought FB looked so boring. Now I know why! Also Myspace turned down an offer to buy FB for $75 million and now it's worth $104 billion.
 Holy cow. I bet they are kicking themselves for not making that purchase. It is a good form of entertainment. But I also liked Nintendo-which originally only displayed 54 colors. 
 Yeah, I did too. Crazy to think it only got discontinued in 2003.
 Yeah agreed. Was a big hit! I always wondered how Bill Nye the science guy made it big-he doesn't even have a doctorate. Apparently he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest.
 Interesting! So I guess he's not really a science guy!
 I didn't know that and that's very interesting. The first Google compute at Stanford was housed in custom made enclosures made from Legos.
 I love Legos too! And how did they accomplish that? I have to look into it. I just learned that CAPTCHA actually stands for something- completely automated public tuning test to tell computers & humans apart! That's a mouthful.
 That would help me remember things! Radios are amazing technology too. There's a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, so you can listen to music from the sun.
 That's amazing. Did you know Bill Murray voiced Fantastic Four's Human Torch in the 70s?
 That's extremely resourceful. a song by Hanson became the most requested song on a radio station because the DJs didn't reveal the artist! ha those are the Mmmbop guys.
 I meant "listeners," sorry. It must have been really believable! One of the most popular radio acts was actually a ventriloquist in the 30s.
 A ventriloquist?  On radio?  That is unique..  I wonder if he was Canadian - their stations have to have at least 40% of music be canadian
 Yep, that fact even baffles contemporary critics. I'm a big fan of poetry and there's a 274 line poem called Chaos because there are 800 irregularly pronounced English words.
 Wow!  That is insane.  That is a lot of words.
 A lot of strange things happen in Florida. I have heard, that people take bath salts and eat other people's faces, a woman attempts to murder her parents for not taking her to Outback Steakhouse...and apparently, a high school had live animals at its prom!
 1.5 million species?! That explains why there are so many cute/funny animal videos on-line. Did you know that (per Julius Caesar), Britains bred chickens for entertainment, not food?!
 Yeah that wouldnt be good!  They might get erased!
 He did. I used to follow him, he was the best they had. 
 Why do you have such a bad relationship with your coach?
 The dunk shot was banned for awhile too thanks to Kareem.
 That is very weird lol 
 Speaking of shoes, Aleen Iverson has a lifetime endorsement contract that will pay him $800,000 a year until he is 55. After that he will get his final payment of $32,000,000.
 I probably would not, if I had the chance, honestly. Speaking of college, the dunk was banned for more than ten years in colleges because Kareen Abdul-Jabbar used it too much!
 I favor the 76ers but used to root for the Bulls.  I wish I were a coach though of college basketball because I'd be making big bucks as the highest paid worker in most states.
 Speaking of college coaches, James Naismith, the person who invented basketball, is the only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas.
 I wonder if that is due to inflation or if people just like it so much more.  Black panther was "black leopard" for a short time so they wouldn't confuse it with the other black panther group. I wonder if it will have a sequel?
 Hey, I liked Space Jam! Haha. Jordan seems to be above the rules sometimes though; like when he kept wearing Air Jordans in his NBA games.
 Oh no. I guess it takes a different kind of mind to create a game, versus one that can refine the same game.
 It's crazy how much basketball players can make off their shoes, Allen Iverson gets 800,000 a year from reebok
 Yea, no one can bead Michael Jordans deal. Funny thing is air jordans were originally banned in the NBA
 I'm surprised Tim Duncan of the Spurs never signed a shoe deal.
 David west was an intimidating man. Not many tried him and he was not afraid to knock peple out of his lane. He was also feared off the court.
 Did you know he walked away from a 12.6 million contract the Pacers offered him? That to me is crazy. 
 and why he did what he wanted and he just did things his way and offered no apologies to anyone.
 These NBA players get paid way too much money in my opinion. Did you know that Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reached 55 then they would give him 32 million! 
 This is something pretty interesting did you know that Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA but Jordan didn't care and always wore them and Nike paid the fines. 
 Cool fact that I didn't know is that there is a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court. Really who is up there playing basketball.
 You know, I don't think that has a place in a corporate code of conduct.   Cats are good, too.  
 I didn't know that.  I don't think the need arises often.   And I don't think most coaches will be scoring many runs.  
 Sounds like fun.  Do you usually go to games?  I know some people do, like that couple who went to all of the games in a year.  
 WowThat is more than I expected. Dogs can also learn over 1000 words and can reason better than chimps
 Interesting. Did you also know that dogs drink with the underside of their tongue?
 That is a very interesting detail to include. Some dogs in Russia have learned how to use the subway!
 I was not aware they were colorblind. Dogs even have eureka moment and enjoy the experience of solving a problem in order to obtain a reward.
 Wow. I bet they wish they could go back in time. There're more people on Facebook then there were people in the world 200 years ago.
 I live out in the country, so they see a lot of accidents, unfotunately. I would like to see those here, as well. I'm always amazed at how many new "jobs" they find for a dog each year, they truly are our best friends.
 Some countries have the weirdest laws & customs. Like Iceland, they are actually rewriting their constitution via facebook.
 Probably not. It's unreal that Myspace turned down an offer to buy it. I kinda miss myspace.
 Yeah.  They say if you pet a dog for 15 minutes, it will change your lookout on the day.
 Yeah.  It's wild that dogs have 12 different blood types.
 Yeah and they deserve it.  I'm relieved that dogs aren't color blind.  They just see fewer colors than humans.
 Japan is too.  They are surprised that it's America's national pastime.  I guess it's theirs too, 
 I am with you there. He is very intelligent. Never knew Bill Nye won a Steve Martin look alike contest. 
 I heard that...something about atmospheric scattering that gives off that impression. It's amazing how something we see (almost) every day can still be so unknown to us. I just learned recently that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the largest star ever discovered in the galaxy, and I always thought it was one of the larger components in space! 
 I guess that's the aim of solar panels.  Despite all that energy, it still pales into comparison with other stars in the galaxy.
 haha ya they lost a lot of money and he became a billionaire, kind of crazy that James Earl Jones was only paid $8 for the voice of Darth Vader in the first movie too
 well apparently the iphone has more cpu computer power than the entire USA nuclear deterrent system, so I guess thats good? Or scary haha
 ya the technology is very impressive, also crazy is the cable that runs across the atlantic ocean with phone and internet service is only about 3 inches in diamter, you'd think they'd use satalleties for that these days
 I agree. Btw, did you know that about 78% of nfl players have gone through bankrupt or financial issue after retired
 He used to play for San Antonio Spurs.  He decided to stay in college and sacrified money instead going straight to the nba
 Hey, how are you?  Yes, I use it a lot.  Can't believe it has come the 2nd largest search engine on the internet!
 Yes, I agree it would be a tough change to make though.  An amazing stat I learned is that Netflix and YouTube make up about half of peak web traffic!
 He certainly was.  Jordan is my favorite player of all time.  Funny enough at one point Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA and Nike gladly kept paying the fines for Jordan wearing them!
 Yes, it was a tremendous investment for Nike!  I once heard that the Air Jordan brand was worth more than the entire Adidas company!
 Basketball has always been my favorite and I grew up looking at Michael Jordan as a role model.  I can see why.  He is so powerful that a major corporation was able to get rich off him.
 Yes, the NBA growing up was a big part of my life during the 90s in Chicago.  I think it is crazy the NBA was only founded in 1946.  That is nothing compared to baseball!
 I've heard that Bruce Lee was a good dancer. i'm not surprised. He had tremendous body control. 
 Oh wow. That's impressive. Did you know that in 2001 Linkin Park played 324 concerts??
 That's alot of concerts in one year!
 Sure do. Do you know they played a total of over 2200 concerts, meaning they toured almost nonstop for 20 years.
 Yes it was 2,263. I knew they were active their whole career but I did not realize that they were that active the entire time. 
 That's a hectic pace for anybody, for sure.
 Definitely. In 1972 they recorded a live concert in an ancient roman amphitheater with no audience. 
 Yes and only got paid $7500, which seems awfully low, considering what an icon he is to that franchise.
 Oh, you're telling your age! I still can't believe 20th Century Fox was convinced that Star Wars was going to flop.
 Yes, it did, made him a billionaire after he decided to forgo 500,000 dollars to direct in return to keep the licensig and merchandising rights for himself.  Smart man.
 Oh, how cool was that! You sound like an awesome parent.
 Yes, that's great.  I was shocked to read that James Earle Jones wa only paid $7500 to record all of Darth Vader's lines for Star Wars.  He's such an icon for the franchise.
 Sadly, me too.  I rad somewhere that the Ramones had played a total of 2,263 concerts, they toured almost non stop for over 20 years!
 Wow, that is awesome, I hate hiccups lol but it makes sense
 I think some were always successful, some like Ye Olde Fighting Cocks have been around since the 11th century. Certain people can find a way to make it work. 
 Tofalli the owner of the Fighting Cocks is going to open another pub, I think that is unwise with so many pubs already open. It's like bringing sand to the beach at this point. 
 Yes and that's the only way you will get around, besides foot. You can do a lot of fishing there as well. Did you know freshwater fish only drink water through their skin ? I did not know that.
 I did not know that.  I know that saltwater fish drink water through their mouths.
 Well I would also like to visit Iceland, but they do not have public rail service so I probably won't be making that trek.
 I do like dramas, are you a fan of House?
 Yeah he is great, he's the highest paid actor ever for TV drama. He earned $700,000 per episode!
 Oh wow! I didn't realize the audience for that show was that large.
 I didn't either, but it was really popular. 
 I am, I heard he only became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his high school were in drama class.
 I am, did you know that he taught drama at his old high school?
 That is pretty wild, I wonder if the kids in the class ever realized they'd be in class with Don Draper and Erin?
 I haven't heard any of them. I heard that there's a website where you can listen to them  for free. Have you ever been on it?
 I be they're pretty neat. I'm really glad that Jim Carrey doesn't do dramas anymore. He says that his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity. 
 It's kind of strange because the art work he has been releasing I would definitely call drama instead of comedy and his new show on Showtime looks pretty dramatic. 
 Yeah it is strange, maybe he had a change of heart.
 I do, I wish I could take the Dutch Commuter Bus they're creating. It is designed to travel at 160MPH! I could get places twice as fast.
 Hey there! I never knew gentrification of pubs affected the UK so much! 
 no i have not. I want to next year. the netherlands too. i hear they are creating a commuter bus that goes 160 mph. that's wild...
 That's a fast way to get around. And you skip the tolls of driving yourself. In Japan, it costs $300 in tolls to travel from one side to the other. 
 I heard that people there sometimes have to take planes from one place to the other just to get errands and things done. 
 I didn't realize sea horses were fish! There is one type of jellyfish that lives forever which is pretty cool!
 Yeah, that's true. And they drink differently too. Only saltwater fish use their mouths to drink. 
 Some kind of fish and chips, I would imgaine. 
 a lot of pubs are doing gastro eateries now with burgers and even kids menus. 
 I guess there are enough people that bring their kids to the pub to require a kids menu?
 I think he was the highest paid actor in a TV drama per episode. 
 In Britain there are more breweries operating today than in any time since the 1930s.
 And this is thanks to the influence of the United States
 Craft beers have helped to bring new life to some pubs that were "dumps" before.
 That is funny. Speaking of traveling, in Japan all of highways are tolls. To travel cross country, you would have to pay $300.
 Yes, that is true. I'd still like to go to Japan and around the world for that matter. The first king to travel around the world was Kalakaua of Hawaii.
 That's interesting. I hear that they still use horse-drawn carriages there.
 I had no idea. That's interesting. John Hamm taught drama at his old high school.
 He was in House. He was good. I watched like 5 full seasons before I saw him on late night tv. Turns out he's british!
 I did. It is also almost 4X as dense as the sun!
 I hope it has a nice pension! I wonder what's up with Hudson Bay's gravity? Makes losing weight easier!
 I wonder how does it work, I wonder how does the gravity work there? Is it a different type gravity?
 I am not sure. The rapper drake visited drake university in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to visit during a tour stop.
 My guess is to keep the soldiers safe post vietnam protests.
 That is a good guess. I never knew that information. Could you imagine having a flame thrower on your car?
 Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.
 It's amazing how an ancillary think like the #In MyFeelingsChallenge can go viral and make the song/artist even more popular!
 Humans are very strange when you break it down and social media has exaggerated the behavior and put in on display for everyone to see and copy.  Song + Dance + Car + Instagram = Death.  You couldn't make this stuff up 20 years ago!
 What?  You mean like his GED right - he wasn't still physically in high school at 25, was he?!?!?!
 He didn't have to with how popular and rich he's become, but still a good think I suppose.  If you can spend obscene amounts of money on first edition children books, I guess you should at least know how to read!
 I really enjoy watching Formula 1 and sometimes NASCAR, but I'm not that into normal cars per se.  I do appreciate them as a for of transportation but some people go way overboard on customizing them - like flame-throwers to prevent carjacking!
 I did not know that. I only knew that he was a master martial artist.
 That's impressive. I know a lot of high level athletes use dance and yoga to help with flexibility.
 I imagine the wear and tear on them would be insane. I wonder how much those shoes cost.
 I did not know he started his career that way, that makes a lot more sense.
 That's interesting, I couldn't imagine having a wooden trunk today.
 Hi! It's crazy to think about evolution and see the kind of creatures we once were and what we've morphed into.
 Very fascinating! Did you know humans began to exhibit evidence of behavorial modernity around 50000 years ago?
 That is a long time ago! We also have lost our body hair several thousand years ago as well, but some folks are still overly hairy in my opinion. 
 Yea those people probably time traveled forward a few thousand years if you ask me.
 Lol, it's quite embarrassing the shape I'm in. Can I blame it on the lack of my ability to synthesize my own Vitamin C like what plants and animals can do?
 It is possible but we'll only know for sure if a shutdown presents. Think they'll broadcast it on the radio or Fox news, they even discussed the possibility of creating a channel that would only air the Simpsons show.
 I did not know that Fox News was broadcasted from New York City!
 I wonder whether or not the agreement to broadcast only the simpsons on a dedicated channel was a result of that lawsuit if it ever came to light.
 no I didn't know that, also didn't know busta rhymes did a voice in the Rugrats movie haha
 I did know that. I love looking up the voice artists of cartoons. I am a nerd like that! Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist. What a failure!
 haha ya, its funny he sounds like a nerd his favorite superhero was spiderman too
 haha good point, I do like Pink floyd its good to know that they still have a best selling album even today
 I did, crazy to think they only stopped making them back in 2003
 Did you know Tupac has music in the library of Congress?
 I'm curious as well. Eminem actually wanted to be a comic book artist before becoming a rapper.
 I listen to a little bit. Busta Ryhmes is the voice of Reptar in the Rugrats movie.
 Did you know Korean rappers invented a type of freestyle called a compliment battle?
 I think so too. I saw a judge in Michigan once delivered her ruling to Eminem in a form of a rap.
 For sure. Did you know Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory album is the best selling album of the 21st century?
 I bet a ton of albums sold. Did you know Reel Big Fish re-recorded all of their albums because they lost the rights to them with their old record company?
 I guess so. There are two identical twins in Japan that released a rap album at 100 years old.
 I remember back in 2014 when pink floyd's dark side of the moon was one of the best selling albums. We used to stay up playing to that soundtrack. Now my entertainment interests have evolved to RPG lol
 Yeah take care
 do you know that there is a radio station that translates sun's activity into  sound
 They have this study "Migration and Economy" where they are stating Immigration actually keeps economy up by 15%points
 may be . Even we cant burp in zero gravity
 Me too, though I had to buy a used one.  I actually still have a few cassette tapes as well though no way to play them.
 Haha I hear you.  Dark Side of the Moon is still selling like hotcakes even in 2014.  It is like the Catcher in the Rye of albums I guess.
 That is pretty amazing actually, it was NWA I believe.  Still shows the power of word of mouth over an advertising blitz.
 I agree, I think it is really neat how entertainment evolves from era to era and  from scale to scale.  Like 100000 people at a football game?  Would seem impossible to ancient Romans even though they had the Coliseum.
 That's cool! didn't know that.  I'm old enough to remember phone booths and party lines.  Most kids now only have a cell phone.
 I like the idea, too.  I just don't see them donating that much, because everytime I look around everybody is always talking on them, texting, or surfing the net.  There's no eye contact or face to face communication, anymore.  That's a lost art with the youth today.
 So true, technology sure has its advantages and disadvantages.  Interesting note, I read somewhere that the cables used to carry phone and internet data across the oceans is only 2.7 inches and they just lay it on the ocean floor.  
 That's me too! Getting back to those cables on the ocean floor, they must be wrapped in some heavy duty stuff, because being only 2.7 inches, in my mind a crab or lobster could break that!
 Ha!  I never would have thought that.  VERY interesting point.  They have to be made of something tough.
 Me too!  I can speed read, but nowhere near the world record of 4,700 words per minute!  That's impressive.
 Can you believe that there was actually moral panic over the spread of the reading of novels back in the 18th Century? That's insane!
 I bet it's hilarious. I often times am intrigued by reading about wrestling. Speaking of which, I read about Abe Lincoln - he's actually in the wrestling hall of fame as he only lost once in 300 matches. That is truly amazing!
 Indeed he must have been. I also thought it was surprising to learn the philosopher Plato was a pro wrestler before becoming a philosopher!
 Yeah and speaking of learning something new, I recently discovered iPhones have more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. That is insane! One little phone has all that power!!
 Indeed we should. And before I go, I always thought 111 was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone, but it's actually 212 which is New York's area code. That was a shocker! Well it was great chatting with you! Have a good one!
 Same here. The inventor of the telephone was actually an undertaker.
 Yep lol. Dolphins can communicate over the telephone which is really cool.
 They are very smart animals so that's a possibility.
 I imagine that could happen. There is a luxury phone maker that hires the London symphony orchestra to record ringtones.
 I am thinking before the iPhone. The 1930's actress Hedy Lamarr helped to invent the cellphone.
 I agree. There is almost no correlation between cell phone connection quality and bars of service.
 I think it's interesting to watch. Never would have guessed that about Lincoln. 
 Plato was a professional wrestler before becoming a philosopher too!
 They sure did.  You know, they were banned when they first were introduced to the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway, because Nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 Yes, and still made a lot! Players refuse to do the granny style, think it looks stupid! lol
 I know they should use it more.  Korean rappers do a freestyle called, "compliment battle" .
 Some of it, do you? Tupac's  music is in the Library of Congress!
 Yes, I love rap music and Tupac Shakur's music is the best, I'm glad it's in the Library of Congress. I rad somewhere that Eminem's true dream was to become a comic book artist.
 Another art form. His favorite super hero  was Spiderman!
 No, had no idea!  Robin Williams was the first voices in animated films.
 Hard to believe but Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.
 I know, so long ago!  Eating diverse foods combats hungry problems. Great chat!!
 I really like Shark Tank. Although most of the deals made on TV never are enacted.
 I do. In fact Homer held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.
 The person trying to buy Marvel was Michael Jackson! What was the dispute about?
 oh I agree, that guy will get 32 mil when he hits age 55, thats amazing!
 oh ya, that plus his salary plus the 800k a year he gets from reebok too, he is VERY relaxed haha
 ya, they were apparently banned from the NBA, but Nike just kept paying the fee so Jordan would wear them, that was great exposure!
 ya Lebron is the highest paid celebrity, and apparently Judge judy is number 2!
 oh I hope so, and ya he also started the trend of celebs doing animated voice roles
 Absolutely!    Still, I think Jon Stewart made more money going into television instead of following his soccer dreams.
 That is good.     Perhaps more of the world should adopt the 3-team variation of soccer, so there would be more players.
 Despite his popularity, I heard that he was almost let go.    Do you know why?
 Probably so!    I heard that they passed a law making it illegal to name a kid messi in rosario, Argentina.
 All this from a kid with a hormone deficiency!
 For real!  I wonder what he would have become if his parents hadn't chose soccer in Spain because of it.
 That is a lot of Episodes, like 50 a year for 16 straight years.  It is hard to keep anything going that long and keep it creative.  hats off to them.
 Certainly more than the UK remake of That 70s show!
 Cancelled after 10 episodes.  Not a huge success, but Im not totally surprised..  Not like the Simpsons which has been on forever, and only has one episode where Bart isnt seen or mentioned.
 The Simpsons producers are good guys though.    They sent Trey Parker and south park producers flowers.
 Well, it was because South Park parodied Family Guy!
 I didn't realize that, I always thought the Nuclear plant was his only job. lol
 I don't remember that either.  Wow, I wasn't very observant, apparently.  lol
 Me either, it's so popular in the rest of the world and somehow barely gets mentioned in America.  It makes more money than a bunch of other sports combined.
 I was shocked to learn that Jon Stewart played soccer in college and was pretty good at it.
 No, I didn't.  That's shocking!
 Wow, that's alot of running! Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 I do! I enjoy seeing what they are up to and for some reason I feel like Princess Meghan and sometimes Kate are much more relatable.
 No way! I agree with the lip reading of get me home to get out of my heels and change my adult diaper lol!  I think it's crazy how quickly some people go home after giving birth!
 did you see how fast that dutch bus can move
 If I could make as much as her, I would do one episode a year.
 I though I heard on TV that Bill Nye is a bona fide scientist.
 Well, that goes to show, you can't believe everything you see on TV.
 I've never used it.  Too scary. Did you know Burger King had a special deal where if you unfriend 10 people you get a free whopper?
 Yep, that's what I heard.  I don't like Facebook, but Iceland is using it to get public input as their government rewrites its Constitution!
 Friends?  Really?  Acquaintences, maybe.  Of course, I don't use it so I can't criticize. It certainly took off until people found out they were selling private data.
 I'm surprised Facebook never came out with a clothing line, like Apple did in 1986.
 Wow. I did not know that. Yes games have come a long way. Nevertheless, the NES was not discontinued in Japan until 2003!
 Maybe it was mannerisms. I wonder why the song was banned. She is a good singer. 
 Yeah it's scary how much they know about you. I can't believe it came out in 2004, that seems like so long ago but it really wasn't. Remember When you had to be a college student to use it, and then I remember when they opened it up to everyone, those were the days
 Yep I agree with you. I just use it for remembering birthdays honestly LOL Although it does look like that in Iceland they're using it to rewrite their constitution. Everyone can add to it, and it's all done through Facebook, very interesting
 That's impressive. Can you believe that in the 1700s there was a moral panic because too many people were reading? That would be so funny today lol people would be happy everyone is reading
 Yes I wonder that too. I also hope it was not made in North Korea like the Rip Curl label lol they labeled it as Chinese but it was actually made North Korea
 Hi! I couldnt believe IHOP pulled such a stunt by changing its name to IHOB just to remind the world that it also sells burgers. What about you?
 That's interesting! I wasn't aware of that! It's a good thing Google prefers dogs over cats then as the dogs won't be distracted by all the vibrant colors at Google, right?
 Yes, I bet the stress runs high as it does for hard working spiders that have their webs stolen by hummingbirds.  Hummingbird use them for next building materials.  
 Isn't that crazy? Australian birds can also mimic cameras and car alarms. Imagine thinking your car alarm is going off and you jet outside to discover it's only a wild bird! Ha! 
 Maybe so. Crazy some birds have evolved for swimming and all birds' digestive/respiratory system adapted for flight, yet the Dodo went extinct. 
 Yeah, and the Ottoman Empire was also still in existence back when the chicago cubs last won the world cup.
 I wonder why they have higher television ratings. Most people prefer to watch men's sports.
 Ah. Hugh Laurie was paid 700 000 per an episode! That is a lot of money!
 Did you  know that the Nintendo entertainment system could only display 54 colors?
 It really does! Did you know that some birds navigate from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping?
 Are you a tv fan?  Did you know that there is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears nor is mentioned?
 The 70's show was remade verbatim in the uk and cancelled after 10 episodes
 Maybe Tom Hanks ball haha;  The best female volleyball player in the world is called "game over"  I wouldn't want to play her!
 Did you know that kicking in volleyball is legal. You can use any body part. 
 So you can actually kick the ball?? Thats wild
 Apparently, soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined.  That must be a ton of dough.
 I would have never thought that. Football isnt considered a sport its considered entertainment, and I totally wouldve thought that made more money
 I was wondering how that was even slang for it. It doesn't seem to have any association
 I heard the rescuers were really happy when they found Jessy, he was in a pipe that was four feet wide.
 Yes, I can't believe this kid was so irresponsible.
 He is lucky that they located him on the camera at a maintenance hatch.
 A camera was able to actually reach 300 ft. down in one spot.
 yeah I heard it was like a maze and they didn't know actually where the drain pipe goes to find the young boy.
 Apparently the water is 2 ft. deep? So I guess he would be okay? I thought the physical impacts were the most dangerous parts, like the fall.
 Yeah because he  traveled over to the 134 freeway right?
 I try to watch the World Cup. The sport is so popular! Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined.
 I guess that makes sense, the two greek masks represent comedy and trajedy. 
 i dont think it should but that is why big movies pay more. i brought up hugh because i too, thought the "friends" actors made a lot more too?
 I wasnt sure if comedy was included in positive. It might be subversive in his crazy world. lol.
 Speaking of dramas, Jim Carrey doesn't do drama any more because of his belief system... Huh...
 That was crazy. It must have been terrifying to have been lost for a half a day, and not know if anyone would find you.
 And the family lives in Los Angeles, which is a very large metro area. No wonder it's such a maze!
 Really? That's interesting! Scream was pretty entertaining. I liked it. I find it funny that Stephen king was afraid of Bambi as a child! hahaaa
 He must have definitely overcome that fear to write all the horror novels that made his career
 yes i use mine every day, its cool you can use them to control robots or do computer aided designs today
 ah yes haha you couldn't escape! I want to see the google computer built in lego that sounds interestings
 that is interesting, also interesting is the first algorithm for a computer was built by a woman named Ada Lovelace
 ah that makes sense then, did you ever play doom? That was the number 1 most installed thing on computers in 1995
 lol yes that is what I will do for eternity! Nice that Bell gave out manual cardboard computers back in 1968 so the public could learn about computers
 lol good question! i've seen that, have you ever had to solve a captcha? I guess they are used to tell humans from computer bots
 haha nice segway! the genre was created by edgar allen poe and Mary Shelley which is interesting
 you too, check out ET the movie it was originally going to be a horror movie haha
 Agreed it is. It just amazes me Pokemon has 750 episodes which is roughly 50 per year for 16 years straight but the 70s Show remake only lasted 10 episodes.
 Ha! I still can't believe the longest tennis match in history lasted 11 hours over the course of three days. That's insane! Well it was great chatting with you! Have a great evening as well!
 Oh, I believe it. They were really good. and despite being 40 years old the album Dark Side Of The Moon was still one of the best selling of 2014. That's crazy!
 I still have mine, it works... sometimes.  Its crazy to think that they old had 54 colors for the display.
 So does that mean you still play it? yeah, that's a lot of colors! The culture surrounding video games is pretty intense too but I had no idea that the Nintendo system has been discontinued since 2003!
 Oh ok! I was thinking I could've sworn that I saw ads for Nintendo systems.
 Yeah, I see on the news that celebrities assets are always being mishandled by their team and sometimes its their own family members! Guess it's a small price to pay when celebrities get to visit Pixar's secret studio that is only accessible to celebrities!
 I wish I made that in a year! I really wonder whether that is true though, I remember reading a while back that the main character of the series "House" was the highest paid celebrity who received like a million per episode!
 Bill Nye "The Science Guy" got his break in the entertainment industry by winning a competition for being Steve Martin's lookalike. I don't really think they look alike though.
 Hello A! Are you a fan of Best Buy? I feel like I hardly buy thing sat Best Buy anymore, but apparently they have a service that offers unlimited technical support for an annual fee of $199, would you pay for something like that?
 I agree, I'm guilty of the same thing. One time, I did stumble upon some GoPro accessories at a massive discount so I purchase those from there. $200 is very expensive, it's almost enough to buy something new in the electronics department!
 That's a great way to look at it! It's pretty astonishing to see how Amazon's presence has led to many of Best Buy's competitors to stay afloat, like  Gregg and Radio Shack, etc. I wonder what the next disruptor is
 I think Best Buy's strategy of price matching is a great strategy for people willing to go in stores to view the item before purchasing. I agree, I think I'd be very wealthy had I invented money in Amazon in those early days. I wonder how much Apple pays Amazon for their 1-click buying license fees. What a great patent!
 That's great to hear! Thanks for sharing your insights! I can't believe new google employees are called 'nooglers' and given a propeller beanie cap to wear, it seems like some sort of office hazing.
 Oh wow! That's awesome, I was recently in Seattle and was amazed by the shiny offices of the Amazon headquarters and the Amazon Go store, both seem like great and prestigious places to work out, well I wish you good luck in your endeavors!
 I'm doing well. Was just shopping for shoes on Amazon. Did you know they have been around since 1994? I didn't realize it had been that long
 They have built an empire by now. That is so cool. The CEO build a clock in a mountain that is going to run for 10000
 That's amazing! They named a building after their first customer
 Too funny. I had also forgotten that they mainly sold books at first. 
 Yeah and now they even deliver on sundays. go figure.
 They are big enough to get a deal with the post office for that!
 Probably too much! Hard to imagine there are cables laying on the ocean floor that make the phone and internet work. 
 Yeah and they are less than three inches in diameter. I wonder how long they are though
 Probably many miles! It's amazing how popular smartphones are these days
 Yeah an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
 That's incredible! Apparently searching on google takes more power than it did to send astronauts to the moon!
 Go figure. Google are so practical. They hire goats to mow their lawn instead  of people.
 Haha. Not a bad idea! I learned a lot, thanks for chatting!
 Oh man, that is super cool. I love Pink Floyd. Wow, and even in Pompeii! 
 Wow that is terrible. Some artist these days are pretty terrible live. They need the auto tune and whatever else they use to make them sound better recorded. 
 Did you know that Walt Disney still holds the record for the most oscars won by a man, he won 22.
 Eminem has more oscars than Leonardo Decaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas and Bill Murry combined!
 I wasn't aware of that. Off topic but another interesting fact. Did you know that MdDonalds' added drive-thru's in 1975 for soldiers whom were not allowed to get ou tof vehicles in their fatigues.
 Did you know that in South Africa is is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers to stop carjcking?
 NOway, thats nuts! I did know that Jann Mardenborough became a pro driver based on learning how to drive from a video game. Wild, huh?
 That is a super fun fact, cool!
 Yeah that seems like a long time! I can't believe Blazing Saddles was nominated for three Oscars, they would never make that movie today
 That seems really stupid to me. What do you think? I can't believe the Oscars were nominated for nine Emmys, how does that even work LOL
 Haha well they get to double dip. I think it's interesting that Walt Disney has the record for most Oscars won by a man, 22!
 I agree with you it sounds like a fire hazard! especiallyt If you live in South Africa and someone else has a flamethrower on their car LOL
 So far the news. But I like a lot of shows. I like the Simpsons. Did you know that there is only one episode where Bart is not seen or mentioned?
 That I am not sure of. I know the show was remade in the UK but was cancelled after just 10 episodes.
 Wow! That's a lot of episodes. I can remember watching quite a few of them!
 I would think so. Speaking of TV series' my youngest was really into Thomas the Tank engine. In all the episodes I saw I never knew that Ringo Starr narrated at least 52 episodes.
 I am not sure how I did not realize that there were such famous people narrating.
 Yes, but it broke when my son threw it.  I guess Apple wouldn't have liked that.
 You would have thought that, but he wasn't.  Perhaps he should have done what Steve Jobs did and have a spare to switch out.  
 Really? That's crazy. You wanna hear something else that's crazy? The space shuttles general purpose computer only has 1mb of RAM.
 I don't know if it was kids or adults, but someone built a computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.  How'd they do that?
 That sounds impossible. You watch much TV?
 A while ago I watched them, but never saw the one episode that didn't have Bart, did you?
 I had no idea there was that many. That's enough for 50 a year for 16 years straight!
 Be careful if you smoke and own an apple computer because it will void your warranty.
 Are you an Amazon Prime member?  They now have 100 million customers!
 No, I have not though I have been in the past. I can't believe that more than five billion items were shipped with Prime in 2017.
 Amazon sure seems to have a huge play in the market today.  I see many brick and mortar stores closing around us.  I wonder if they ever could put Walmart out of business?
 Netflix is up there too in business with 125 million subscribes.
 I love Netflix, as do many. From 9 pm to 12 am they make up for 33 percent of all North American bandwidth.
 Just imagine how much money Amazon takes in with a $99 a year membership multiplied by 100 million!
 Wow, I don't even want to know. Blockbuster must feel regretful as they declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million and now Netflix is worth $2 billion.
 I guess Jeff Bezos the CEO was bored with all that money because he built a clock into a mountain than should run for 10,000 years.
 Speaking of CEOs, it's surprising that Reed Hastings of Neflix started Netflix after racking up a $40 late fee on a video cassette copy of Apollo 13.
 I don't remember getting one on Sunday.  If you join Amazon Prime though, expect to spend twice the money on there that you normally would.  The average Prime customer spends $1300 per years as compared to $700 for non-Prime customers.
 Yikes. I guess people buy things that they don't want. Or maybe they just buy necessities they would normally get in a brick and mortar store. 
 People must be getting something from it that that many join.  The company is based out of Seattle, Washington and has been around now for almost 25 years.
 It's surprising that that addiction is measurable.
 Even if we climb Mt Everest we can give time to our clicking addiction as there is 3g service up there.
 I know maybe there's some secret room in there haha. But it has a clock that will run for like the 10,000 years. I just don't get why that was necessary though haha
 That's a great question! I do like that the first Amazon Customer got a building named after him. It only cost him about $28
 I'm thankful for them. I hated getting stuck with all of those late fees back in the day of rentals. Reed hastings started netflix after getting a $40 late fee for Apollo 13.
 I know. Late fees were the worst. That is funny that $40 has turned into this worldwide service now. 
 I agree. Now it is worth $2 billion!
 He built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years!
 Netflix is a company that was started by a guy that was sick of late fees.
 That is shocking because I do not know anyone that still pays for the DVD plan. 
 That does not even seem possible. I can't imagine how you would store all of that information. 
 That does seem far fetched, I would have no idea where the closest tower to Everest is. I'm not surprised by the fact that only 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service online. I actually expected that to be lower. 
 Ha ha. That would be strange. Surprisingly, the USPS has a contract with Amazon to deliver their packages on Sunday. I didn't think they ran at all on Sunday. 
 Oh wow, I have heard it's a tough job to have. Amazon is growing so much that I think you can buy or return anything on there now. Even the delivery service is huge, the u.s postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver packages on Sunday!
 Right? Makes sense. Really? I didn't know that either, wow! I didn't know Amazon was founded in 1994...that's crazy!
 Yeah. Seems like I have been wasting my life compared to him... He's going through a divorce now. They married one year before he started amazon. She's gonna be rich!
 Oh wow, I hadn't heard that, Yep she is going to be set for life! He is considered the wealthiest man in the world. I also didn't realize Amazon has a film studio.....He will probably end up buying Netflix lol
 Hi, do you have an iphone?   Did you know that they have more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent?
 I do. That's pretty amazing!
 Speaking of phones and "ancient" phonebooks, it is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together
 I wonder who figured that out. I didn't know phone cables lay on the ocean floor!
 Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in 2005.  Bet they regret that choice.
 That stinks! I didn't realize facebook has only been around since 2004. 
 Facebook's "like" button is illegal in schleswig-holstein
 That's funny. I didn't know you only have to be 13 to have an account!
 Yes, and interestingly Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook. Risky I think
 Yeah that would never fly here! 
 But if you had unfriended 10 people on Facebook during their promotion, you could have gotten a free whopper
 That's funny too! I didn't know facebook was just for Harvard students at first.
 Wish I would have had $75 million back in 2005 because Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook
 It was worth $104 billion in 2012!
 Do you follow Kim Kardashian?  She was Paris Hilton's personal assistant and traveled with her as a stylist
 Kim Kardashian's father Robert Kardashian became famous after being on the defense team for O.J. Simpson
 That is too bad they deserve better than that! We are so lucky to have so much at our disposal. In 50BC, they used chickens for entertainment!
 Exactly and I hope it is. Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't look presidential. That is very ironic.
 It could of been worse.  Heck, Andrew Jackson could not even read or write.  He never went to school as a kid.  And he became president
 Seriously but yes I loved Chuck E Cheese. The world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute!
 That is impressive.  I wonder how fast people can read braille
 Yeah I think Dark Side of the Moon is still the best selling album of all time.  I bet a first edition album is worth some money now.
 You do? Wow, that's awesome. Did you know that UNICEF  donates a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell? 
 I did not, that's cool. We have come a long way from using birds to communicate over long distances, like a carrier pigeon!
 Wow, birds are amazing. Some wild birds in Australia can mimic sounds of cameras, car alarms and even chainsaws! So interesting.
 It is interesting! I don't know but would love to find out. It's amazing too that the Dodo bird is actually a sub family of pigeons, so interesting!
 What that is inspirational and true. Is there any other albums you enjoy? Albums record everything from music to knowledge!
 Amazing that with the level of technology we have, the cables carrying our data overseas are less than three inches in diameter
 I cannot imagine how people would react without their phones for an extended time. That's why the UNICEF donation campaign is very interesting.
 I also own that album, I highly enjoyed it but I believe there have been more popular artists who have outsold the band.
 Yes you can definitely see the resemblance. I wonder if he will become a well known actor like his father transitioned to now.
 I wonder why they discontinued it in Japan in 2003?  I thought it would go forever.
 Do you like chicken?  It's hard to believe that people in Britain used to raise chickens just for fun and not for food.  I wonder when they decided to eat them.
 Reading is fun, especially on audiobooks in the car.  I laugh a lot with some great books, but I'm not sure if it's as much as Tolkien and C.S. Lewis laughed when they read stinky poetry.
 I'm not sure how good that one would be.  Probably would be better to have Starship Troopers made into a movie.  It was highly recommended by the five us military branches as it is on reading lists of three out of five branches.
 lol Starship Troops is already a movie,  it came out in the 90's it was awesome! 
 Do you think inequality really makes people live shorter lives and have less healthy lives?
 Yeah I heard they released a new album, "Bigger". I think that means they have 6 albums now. Hope it's good.
 Yah, I saw on my stubhub app they were playing at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas a week after releasing their new album. Netles seems pretty progressive, hopefully she can make the fans think outside the box too!
 For sure, did you see the area code for New York, it's 212 becasue it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone. I wonder how I got my area code of 563
 Phone lines on Mars from an ancient civilization? Sounds like a great book or movie. The cables are pretty small as well, only like 2 or 3 inches around. They're thousands of miles long though.
 Yea it is very fascinating. Did you know in the 1930 one of the most popular radio acts was a ventriloquist? Sounds like a pretty easy job
 Apparently Bill Murray got his start in radio voicing the Human Torch in the Fantastic Four radio show, I had no idea
 Speaking of surprising starts, Hillary Clinton was the president of Young Republicans in college
 That is really surprising. I could have sworn that the red and blue association existed when I was a child.
 How interesting. Crazy how much politics have changed.
 So I guess polarization has always been a thing. Not always the case, though. Michael Jordan once wouldn't endorse a democratic candidate, because "republicans buy shoes, too."
 Probably. Speaking of Nixon, did you know that the Nixon-Kennedy debate was the first televised presidential debate, as opposed to radio?
 Yes, exactly what I was going to tell you. Maybe a radio debate would have been better for the guy!
 Really?  Up till what point?
 Yummmy... that sounds good!  Now i want candy!
 Oh really... why is that?
 I'm surprised he had such a hard time breaking into the music scene though. He is so talented. It sounds like it took him years to finally get people to notice how good he really was. 
 I didn't know he wrote for the hobbit. I love the score to that movie. 
 that is crazy, do you like dogs? I guess they drink with the bottom of their tongue
 haha well I am more of a dog person, I like them because they are so smart, they even learned how to use the subway system in russia
 ya that is a good point, what is weird is that dogs can reason better than chimps and also learn over 1000 words 
 ya Id agree with that, and ya I guess the games lure kids in, and the rate of book rentals went up afterwards
 ya that is true, cool that a Malawi teenager learned how to build a windmill from a library, libraries are aweomse!
 yup I could see that, I like the UK prime minister that donated all his books to the library at the age of 85
 yup I agree with you, this dude put them all in a wheelbarrel and walked a mile to the library to drop them off at the age of 85!
 Maybe he can tutor my dog lol, and 12 different types of bloods, that's more than humans right?
 That's pretty crazy. It says because of the common carjackings. 
 Yeah, I guess they have a real problem over there with them if they are allowing that! 
 That would be scary. I would want to be armed all the time. The trunk of a car is called a trunk because older cars actually had wooden trunks in them.
 I bet it looked really weird. Cadillac was named after a French explorer. That person also founded Detroit.
 I did not know that. Looks like elephants also understand it. 
 Not sure about Chimps. There's 12 different blood types that a dog might have. 
 Yea my wife is allergic to all animals with fur. Dogs are actually not color blind like many people think.
 I do not. It says they can't see as many colors as humans.
 Yes, have you seen parrots dance to it on  YouTube? so funny!  Wow, Professional ballet dancers have to buy 16 pairs of shoes a month! They must wear them out.
 Yes, Tupac had a variety of talents, ballet too!
 Yes, his music was very good. So sad he's not here anymore. Didn't know MJ had a patent on the lean?
 lol, Whats with Jim Carrey not making any more movies? Oh they have to promote positivity. His first movies were so funny!
 That's a good show, have you ever watched House?
 Years ago. I love Hugh laurie, I hear he was paid 700K per episode.
 Yeah that made him the highest paid actor ever for a TV drama.
 I heard that Tupac was the Mouse King in his high school's production of The Nutcracker.
 I do like him, it's no surprise that he also was a great dancer. He won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha championship in 1958. 
 I'm not sure. It upset me when I found out he had shoes that made him do the extreme lean. I tried to imitate his moves when I was a kid and would fall every time I did the lean.
 That's crazy, I've heard of water cooled computers, but not one that runs on water. It's crazy to think that the Space Shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram.
 There is also one built using basic minecraft building blocks. People sure are creative.
 Yea they are, I find it weird that Transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks. I guess that would be a way to keep their thoughts.
 Just as long as they don't smoke near them. Apple voids the warranty by making it a biohazard.
 That would be interesting to listen to. 
 One of Jon Hamm's drama students, is Erin, from the Office. I never knew that.
 That's pretty neat. Well I have to run, it was nice chatting with you!
 I go to the "Fais-Do-Do" from time to time.  I go not so much to participate in the traditional Cajun French dances but more so to converse in Cajun French so I do not loose my native tongue.  I jokingly say my dance partner needs steel-toed shoes.  I am no Bruce Lee.  In addition to being a martial arts expert he was a great danced and won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 hey did you know that Jupiter has storms you can pick up on your AM radio?
 ya I like them as well, do you like the rapper Drake? He apparently graduated high school when he was 25
 ya I have heard some of his stuff, he spent a large amount of money on the first editions of winnie the pooh and charlottes web for some reason"
 I guess I have listened to him because I have watched Rugrats a thousand times with my kids. I think Rugrats came out in 1998.
 haha I used to watch that show as a kid! so yes I'll have to rewatch the movie and pick out his voice thats so crazy
 oh im not crazy about her , that tells u something about music, how much i miss the 80s
 What do you think about Canada requiring by law that 40% of the music has to be Canadian?  I thought they had freedom of speech there?
 god , thats crazy 
 I still don't understand how radio works, but it says that soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode
 oh what about jupiter having such big storms that can pick up radio stations, that is amazing
 That is really weird.  I wonder who can hear us and how far away?
 sure someone is listening to us , we are not alone in the universe 
 B I G the notorious B I G , he is from the 80s , rap back then was so diffirent , not talking about butts and racks
 It's past my time I guess but he seemed pretty ambitious with his career on screen and in music.
 yea he is always doing something , idk if now he is producing 
 It must take a lot of stamina or people to support all the tours and get the billboard hits like Drake does
 I did, to help out soldiers who couldn't leave their cars, super nice thing to invent!
 haha no that would be bad! can you believe that the founder of detroit was Named Cadillac? Thats where the car brand name comes from
 Yup. His name was Antoine de la mothe cadillac, quite a name!
 yup that is scary, also scary when Google went out for 5 mins and took out 40% of all internet traffic
 ya I think you're right, did you hear how Google would mow its lawn?
 oh they used live goats for a while haha
 ha I would feel bad buying from that store, like those are clothes other people lost and probably still want lol
 I wish. I am somehow able to dress my kids really well but I look like a slob.
 Maybe better than wearing Rip Curl though? They make clothes in North Korea but the tag says Made in China!
 The original creators still own 14 percent of its shares and have 56 percent of the stockholder voting power.
 That's a lot of money! I would take half of that and be happy. I can't believe it was only created in 1998!
 Yeah and now they control a lot of things which is actually pretty scary. They monitor traffic by tracking how fast Android phones are moving down the road.
 Yeah, they are powerful indeed. And it requires a lot of power to operate .One search needs more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong and the other astronauts to the moon.
 Spielberg played the clarinet on the jaws soundtrack???? How did I not know that?
 Batman begins must have been fun to record. The title of each track was the name of a genus of bat.
 Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of especially since I'm stripping down walls and replacing it to cater to millennials with a more modern vibe.
 Oh ok, that's some great insight, people have been telling me to trade in a car after about five years so I'd at least get some value out of it. Crazy to think how far we've come along since horse carriages and wooden trunks!
 Oh wow, I think that's some great insight! Just scared cars might break down on me and I have no idea how to fix anything and anytime cars requires fixing, its several hundred dollars! 
 Yeah, oldies do advance through time, I also love music, I wished I played an instrument. Steven Spielberg even played the clarinet for the Jaws soundtrack, as if he wasn't talented enough already.
 Haha, even at 100 years, Japan still released rap albums of two twins! I wonder how many people bought their songs.
 I do enjoy music by Phil Collins, I guess I can't be the only one since it's been recorded in the English, Italian, German, Spanish, and French versions for the Tarzan soundtrack.
 it was nice to chat
 Starship troopers is on the sci-fi reading list of three us military branches.  Did you ever read that?
 I wonder who they laughed at?  In the 18th century "moral panic" spread because of the widespread reading of novels.
 Was that a good movie?  Someone built a 16 bit computer just using basic minecraft building blocks.  Wonder how that works?
 Hello how are you doing?  did u know that The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 No, but it kind of looks like it.  Interesting too is that you can get an addiction from clicking links
 in '36 russians made a computer running on water.  Sounds like a piano I played that needed to be watered.
 That sounds cool.  C.S. Lewis and Tolkien used to have laugh and lose competitions with each other. Funny huh?
 Not sure if its possible, but who knows?  Did you know the internet was used since 1980's by academia?  I never saw it till the 90s
 Oh yeah, I'm sure I would get laughed at.  Someone set a speed record of reading 4700 words a minute! How is that even possible?!
 Yes her story is a great read. Did you hear texas wants to get rid of her story?
 Yes, just like the internet which connects millions of people, there's even cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mount everest!
 That is a ridiculous amount of words! Reading silently is a recent phenomenon. Only the most skilled were able to do it in the middle ages.
 Wow! Apparently smoking near apple computers voids the warranty because it is considered a biohazard
 Smoking is a bio hazard to us all!
 You mean like body shaming ?
 oh yeah, how so?
 I do too, almost all day because of work and then some, its crazy how dependant weve become of the internet.
 That is very shocking. I can't imagine that there are towers anywhere close. Apparently the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down. I can't imagine how much storage that would take. 
 I think thats a bad idea as well, too many opinions and bad opinions.
 Wow so its been more than 20 years, I didnt know that I also use it frequently, I mean who doesnt.
 Apparently they track how fast android devices are moving on the road I never would have guessed that. 
 Were you aware that the fashion and retail industry allow such misleading information to exist? I knew there were grey areas, but it surprised me.
 Oh that is interesting!  I didn't realize that Target would price match to Amazon.  I just price matched from Best Buy this past weekend and it saved me over $100.  Truly a blessing.  I wonder if the underemployment issues will start to decline as those larger businesses grow and the weaker ones close?  Seems like the larger stores will hire more people and reduce the unemployment also.
 Good for you.  I thought Target was in every State bit Vermont does not have one.
 I had no idea they were tobacco free!  I'm happy to hear that the momentum is in their favor for growth.  Lots of small towns could benefit and also drive down prices!
 Yes, they could.  There is a state senator who works at target to male enough money to live.  Good for them.
 I'm impressed that the senator is choosing to work there, he must be exhausted though.  I never realized that Target was the 8th largest retailer in the U.S.  I knew they were big, but I had no idea that were THAT big.
 Switching stores, did you know Apple had a clothing line inn 1986??
 No I didn't.  That really is surprising!  I wonder what caused them to leave that market?  
 I guess a horror marathon would be a good exercise plan at that rate!
 I've never heard of that before, I would be curious to see what it looks like.
 They are good too.  I was surprised to learn that an iphone had so much power.  Kind of scary.  
 It's amazing how far technology has come!
 Is it really legal to have a flame-thower intalled on car in South Africa? wow thats crazy, seems really extreme.
 Wow that sure is interesting, what did he do after he proved his innocence? that sure is an amazing story.
 No, I didn't didn't, I always wanted a Cadillac but never could afford one. Yes that is Interesting.
 I find it interesting too that there are more libraries in the U.S.A than there are McDonald's lol I didn't think there were that many libraries these days with all the technology online. 
 I knew there were lots of libraries, because I live in a small town and we have 3 libraries and two McDonald's.
 Oh cool. I live in a big city and I guess I just don't notice the libraries. We have a ton of McDonalds though. You know if you publish a book in Norway the government automatically buys 1000 copies from you and donates them to the library.
 No, now that is surprising. I wonder how to get started, that would be very Interesting.
 Me too! I still like to go hiking at night and sit up there in pure darkness and the stars and moon are so bright. I love going to the ocean and watching the ocean tides, and it's so amazing that the moon causes those tides!
 Yes, that is true, but just by living on earth, it's hard to picture that.
 Yes I totally understand that. It is very interesting when you start thinking on a broad vision. It is sad that 80% of Earths forests have been destroyed. Very sad.
 hi hows it going?  did you know that Target Use to be called Goodfellow Dry Goods?
 Hi! Really? That's funny! They are doing really good right now!
 Yeah,  they also price match Amazon.  I didn't know.  
 Really??? Hey I did not know that, hmmm I may have to use that trick lol
 It looks like every state except Vermont has a Target lol That's an interesting fact!
 Wow! That is! I love Target so I am not surprised lol. They are the 8th largest retailer in the US!
 Thats good for them!
 Right! There is a state senator that has to work at Target to makes ends meet! How weird is that haha
 Wow,  I wonder what state,  and why he has to do that if he is a state senator?  lol But I guess if you need a second job,  that one probably has a lot of good perks!
 Yes,  their clothing has definitely been updated,  they have a way better selection of clothing for all.  It is actually stylish and like you said good quality!
 Definitely! I heard that Apple corp had a clothing line in 1986...I never knew that.
 That's interesting,  I wonder what it looked like!  I also never knew Pilgrims only wore black for special occasions. 
 Really? That's interesting! There's so many different Brands of clothes now it's crazy, I see commercials all the time on TV about another new Brand or style lol 
 yeah I know right,  so much to keep up with!  
 Exactly, I love it though! My daughters love the Hollister Brand mostly but I shop at Target a lot lol
 lol I shop at Nordstrom Rack a lot,  but I do love Target and JC penny
 Oh I love Nordstrom Rack, I always spend way too much though lol...There is a store in Alabama that only sells clothing and electronics from unclaimed baggage from airports lol Crazy!
 That's amazing,  I would definitely shop there,  can you imagine all the cool stuff people leave in unclaimed baggage?  Probably some rare finds! 
 Well it's been good chatting with you.  gotta run. 
 Hello hows it going?  Do you shop at target?
 Yes,  I love Target.  Did you know that Target and Best Buy will price match Amazon?  Amazon must be doing great!  I love Amazon shopping the best though,  so convenient. 
 That's good to know in case I need something immediately.
 It looks like Target is in every state of the U.S. except Vermont. 
 And Target is doing well despite other stores closing.
 Thats true!
 The company was first named Goodfellow Dry Goods. 
 I have noticed.  They have a good selection of vegetables and frozen foods.  That makes it so much more convenient,  one stop shopping!
 Yeah they have really updated consumer needs.  I love how they have vegetables and groceries too,   super convenient,  one stop shop. 
 Yes.  Good for them! 
 Not sure,  maybe no where to put it?
 lol Not sure.  Maybe North Korea bought it from China to sell in Targets!
 What!  That is definitely a concern.  Well its been fun chatting.  Thanks for the info!  
 Finally, Burger King gives me a good reason to go on Facebook!
 I do. It is amazing it has been around for 20 years. It was invented in 1998.
 How about life before Facebook? Poor Myspace. Used to be so popular. They turned down an offer to buy FB for $75.
 That was a foolish investment they could have had a company worth $104 billion.
 I just learned that it is illegal to use the like button in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. I suppose that is a form of censorship.
 I learned that 7% of users read all the small print when buying a product or service. That puts me in the majority. I barely skim all those words.
 I am not sure of anyone who fully reads the terms so that number seems high. Not at high as Mt. Everest though, where there is 3G cell service.
 LOL. I think Iceland is pretty cool for allowing their public to make suggestions and alterations to their constitution!
 haha whoops my typing is so bad, but yes that's cool oh, also I didn't know that the pilgrims wore full colors and not just black. That's interesting
 I know that's what I thought too. You think that that would be illegal by law. Do you ever get your clothes tailored? I guess you can tell if clothes are tailored based on if there is a gap by the collar
 Yep I think so. Do you watch any horror movies by the way? I know that Stephen King thought that Bambi should be considered a horror movie LOL
 Yep I don't like getting phone calls myself. I would rather just get texts all the time. Phone calls are really annoying LOL. I'm glad but also scared that an iPhone has more CPU power than the entire nuclear missile deterrent system in our country
 Hi there. You enjoy using the internet? It is so addictive and actually causes changes in the brain! 
 I do! In Finland, everyone has the right to have internet connection.
 Must be nice to live there! Just in case the internet burns down there is a saved copy at the Library of Alexandria.
 I wonder how they even managed to save the entire internet, or how they even update it. The internet is so big!
 Yeah I don't really understand the concept. Did you know there is internet on top of mount Everest?
 Yeah, 3g
 Very cool. Only 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet!
 Same here, guilty! Do you play Call of Duty using the internet at all? It actually started as a Microsoft Windows game!
 People have played longer on call of duty than humans have lived, 25 billion hours!
 That is amazing. Call of Duty Black Ops II has the best ending of all time!
 Yes you would like it I think! There are 33 COD games if you can believe it!
 Really? Well I have probably only played  one of those games. I am not the biggest COD fan.
 Are there any set in World war one? I found that war more interesting.
 That's pretty amazing they never get cut. I also saw they just lay on the ocean floor and aren't buried at all.
 I would think so too. That's interesting about the phonebooks. That's a very random stat lol.
 Did you know an iPhone has more computing power than the US nuclear ICBM deterrent system?
 No worries I've done that plenty of times before. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone
 I would think it is real. I saw people can actually become addicted to the internet.
 Haha. The horizontal menu on apps and websites is called the hamburger button.
 haha. There is 3g cell service at the peak of Mt. Everest.
 Hah! Or not (I feel bad for laughing now.) On a less controversial note there are 750 Pokemon Episodes. That's giving The Simpsons a run for their money.
 Really, that much?!? Since you mentioned summits earlier, did you hear what Russia did at the G20 summit recently?
 That's amazing! It's hard to believe anyone going to a world summit like that would even have a need for a phone charger or thumb drive...you'd think they'd have brought their own! Fail lol
 That's cool!  Yea they got into the secured area.  No one knew it wasn't the right people until one of the guys got out dressed as Bin Laden.
 Who knows?  Did you know that by the end of the 21st century the Earth will be virtually helium free?
 Maybe!  I think helium is mostly used in balloons. I know.  Did you know that more than 80% of the natural forests have been destroyed?
 Me too. I didn't realize how much goes into creating sound waves, very intricate stuff!
 I actually heard one of the Jupiter storms the other day for the first time on my AM band in the car.
 That's so neat! There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music, too. 
 I don't, but you can probably google it. Radio has sure changed over the years, in the 1930's, one of the most popular radio acts was a ventriloquist!
 That's pretty neat! In 1948, half of all radio time was filled by Bing Crosby. I didn't realize he was that popular in his time. 
 Probably not. Did you know The hudson bay region of canada has been found to have less gravity than the rest of the earth?
 You mentioned Jupiter earlier, Jupiter saves earth from many asteroids heading towards it! Pretty cool!
 Haha. Yeah, I didn't realize they were still around! Did you know The irish prime minister visits washington to meet with the us president every st. patrick's day? Seems like he would have better things to do that day. 
 Seriously! There are summits for everything. The 2010 global tiger initiative summit in russia pledged $330 million donor dollars for tiger conservation.
 There's even a private investigator who has been investigating Bigfoot for at least 20 years! It's no surprise that Virginia has researchers and radio shows dedicated to the search, I have yet to come across these shows though.
 Oh wow, planets make sounds, I wonder if those sounds fall within the human ear frequency range. I'd be shocked if the US had laws similar to Canada where the content has to be at least 40% Canadian.
 You're right about that! I've heard about that law and it's wild! To be honest, I wouldnt know what music is Canadian and what isn't. Ha!
 Exactly! How would the government go about checking or monitoring compliance is beyond me. I use radio mainly as entertainment rather than education but there's a Finnish radio station that broadcasts news in Latin, I imagine the Latin speaking population to be quite dismal though.
 Yeah, that is a large number! I need to check whether or not domesticated animals really have a white patch on their foreheads, I don't see it on my dogs.
 Yeah, I need to pay more attention next time, because I have trouble seeing one planet! Maybe the Kepler Space Telescope will help me see things better like the planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at dangerous speeds in 2000 degrees weather!
 Wow, it's awful to think how much of the forestation on the planet is gone! I hope some of it has at least been replaced with other kinds of plants, especially food-bearing ones. I like to cook just about anything.
 Yeah, maybe there'll also be developments in the science field as well since when Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long! So that means we only had to go to work for about thirty minutes each day! I would be a-ok with that!
 It's crazy to think that the Earth and the people on it could use up one of the basic elements, and yet we still use it to fill birthday party balloons!
 These issues probably should be addressed at the next G20 summit, except when Putin shook the hand of the Canadian Prime Minister he told him "I guess I'll shake your hand, but I have one thing to say to you, you need to get out of Ukraine", talk about lack of people skills!
 Yeah, probably. I didn't know there were summit awards and they even awarded one to Eve-online, which is a massive multi-player online game for e-content and creativity. I wonder whether other online games received one.
 It's amazing how the internet and gaming has become so important in modern times that Eve would get an award from an organization like the UN.
 yeah! I'm not a gamer so I'm not too familiar with Eve, but I am aware of all the hype surrounding Fortnite. The radio talks about it all the time
 Oh my goodness, I've seen how crazy some gamers get when they're gaming. Thanks for clarifying what the harsh culture means. I heard on the radio today that Apple will pay the kid who found the FaceTime eavesdropping bug and it stemmed from the fact that he wanted to set up group facetime with friends to play Fortnite. 
 Yea, animals are cool, crazy ther are over 1.5 million living species on earth
 Same! Can you believe that Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract the would pay him $800,000?
 Crazy the Nike payed the fine each game son that Jordan can wear Air Jordans.
 defenitly going to look for the video for that when we are done. its got to be amazing, i hope she old and white too. maybe its compliment battle style
 Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle that was interesting!
 It was very nice talking to you and you seem very knowledgeable!
 Doctors are available to give advice, how to stop the usage of mobile phone. We must focus on playing, spend time with family members etc..
 Addiction to Internet is very dangerous.
 No I didn't know that. But it makes sense too that ancient Greeks would use gymnastics in order to get ready for war
 What did you watch when you were a kid? I think it would be interesting to watch the one gymnast who had a wooden leg and won 6 Olympic medals back in 1904
 Yes I like horror movies. I think Stephen King does a great job, it's funny to me that he considers Bambi to be a horror movie
 Yes I want to learn to play that instrument! I also need to watch more horror movies because they can burn up 200 calories while you're watching them, which would help my weight loss haha
 Haha yes they should put horror movies on when you are walking on a treadmill LOL. They should also make you view abstract art after you watch a horror movie because apparently you will appreciate it more
 Yes you should definitely give it a try. At least you won't be like Danny from The Shining. He acted so scared in that movie but I was happy to learn that he was tricked while making it and didn't even realize it was a horror movie until he was much much older
 Same... I've never been much for video game. It's wild that call of duty has 33 games... thats a lot
 yeah, the rise of the internet has really contributed i think . People even have cell service and internet at the peak of mt. everest!!!
 Holy cow, that is a very interesting fact. 
 I guess Bruce Lee was a dancer. I would not have guessed that but im also not surprised.
 Did you know Tupac did ballet?
 Yeah, thats crazy. I kind of wish I had a list of those songs. Its kinda sad that a musician has to have 130,745 plays per day just to get minimum wage.
 True,I think that the market has become saturated.
 I think its weird that a band earned $200,00  with  a silent album. How does that work?
 You mean 20,000$. True, I don't know. It must be one of these strange things about music. 
 NO I have not. What are they about?
 yes me too! Bruce Lee loved to dance he won a Cha Cha competition!
 That is so neat!! and  that was way back in 1958
 I know right! did you know tupac did ballet in high school?
 Yes, andI was surprised to see about 4 million songs have never been played!!
 I know right! thats 20% of the songs, they are probably pretty bad though haha
 ya that is shockingly low, good to know that all the music has watermarks so they can track if it is stolen and used somewehre else
 ya I would rather listen to teh Jupiter radio I think, it sounds more interesting haha
 At least that's good. I don't know why cities offered to host the World Cup though. There's no net economic gain for doing so
 Right but I think it just cost so much money that you just never recoup it. Or at least that's what I've been told. Did you know that soccer makes more than all other sports in the world combined. Even American football
 Oh for sure! Did you ever watch The Daily Show? Apparently Jon Stewart was a famous soccer player back in 1983
 I never really liked it but I do know who John Stewart is. Did you hear about the German soccer player who donated his World Cup victory bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 children in Brazil?
 Yeah I have no idea. I also had no idea why Americans call it soccer when the rest of the world calls at football. Apparently soccer is slang for association football
 Yes I heard about that story, he helped 23 children in Brazil. What a heart warming story. 
 It is very weird. I didn't think there were that many Canadian artists.
 I agree it is very hot, but they have the money to support the creation of an entire city for one event.
 I used to know how to play the guitar, but im more of a car person, did you know you can equip cars with flame-throwers in South Africa and its totally legal.
 Wow!  I am thankful my parents didn't follow traditions to cure earaches.  I wonder if he has an exhibition in Baltimore at the Parenting: An art without a Manual.  Sounds like that father should have his own display!
 I am not sure, but the news must have been really dull to end up playing piano music.  Too bad we don't do that today.  We should also be allowed to equip our cars with flame throwers to prevent carjacking like in South-Africa.  Now that is newsworthy!
 I had no idea, did You ever heard how it sounds like ? ;)
 No, sorry - what is that ?
 There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time. Did You ever see a match like that ? :)
 Some of them are also endorsed by big corporations..extra money in their pocket.  Apparently, Allen Iverson is paid $800K per year by Reebok and he will get a final lump sum payment of $32 M when he reaches age 55.
 That is crazy! Have you heard about Jupiter's moon ganymede?
 It would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun!
 I am not sure but other planets spin. 
 Good morning! Did you hear Marreese Speights is going to China?
 You know, the news media paints China as hostile and closed but it sounds like they are more like us than we know.
 That's cool! Maybe there will be more games between teams from the two countries.  
 What a wild rule. That would not work for football. I read a story about a man who found millions of dollars in baseball card in his grandfather's attic. I want to start cleaning now.
 Oh neat hobby! It could pay off big someday. I heard that Japan is big time ino baseball. I guess they are surprised that its our pastime. 
 Yes, I can not drive without. I hate commercials though. 
 That is very creative. They referred to them as foxhole radios. 
 Sadly yes.  Basketball is popular enough for the Supreme Court to have a court on their roof.  I can just see Ginsberg dunking one.
 Ha.  They may be at their best on the court on the roof.  Funny, Ronald Reagan was once snubbed for a part playing a president. 
 Nope.  Nor did I get into Justin Bieber's song "Baby". I guess it must be bad, it's the most disliked song on YouTube.
 Ha. I've never heard it.  Netflix and YouTube combined make up half the peak internet traffic in N. America.  Hogs!
 Yeah.  Police have their own YouTube called BluTube.  I wouldn't want to show up on it.
 Yeah I agree. If you can believe it the longest match lasted 11 hours!
 That is amazing. A black man won the first U.S. Open title in 1968 and no black man has won it since.
 Yeah I think some people who think that is cheating are a bit ridiculous. Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis. I didn't know that.
 I don't think it is silly I definitely caught that as well. It's a fun form of entertainment. But I also like playing Nintendo. The original Nintendo entertainment system can only display 54 colors.
 Yeah for sure. I don't want to be playing with no chickens. I like watching movies. I never knew Ronald Reagan was an actor. Can't believe he got rejected from a role because he didn't look presidential.
 We wear them too. I guess they would have needed to change those polos numerous times for the longest match ever! Can't imagine playing 11 hours over 3 days time!
 Some interesting tennis trivia occurred in the late 1960's. An African American won the 1st US Open title and it hasn't been won by a black man since. I'm surprised by that.
 That's funny because I don't really see the resemblance! Maybe earlier in their career? People do change, like Ronald Reagan who was turned down for a role because he didn't look presidential enough. I bet that casting person felt pretty foolish once he became President!
 Maybe but I'm sure there isn't any actual cross-over between the pretend and the real. Jim Carrey is an actor that also changed over time. He won't act in dramas now because he believes in only projecting positivity. Interesting choice.
 Maybe he has too. Speaking of high school Joe Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper. I wonder if kids in the class ever thought they would have Erin from the Office and Don Draper from Mad Men in their class?
 No probably not! That's would not be something they could imagine. And what about the people that knew Hugh Laurie as a kid. Can you imagine knowing that he would eventually make $700,000!
 Yes for sure! I guess that's entertainment in our modern world! 
 Did you know the supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor? 
 LOL yes that's a good name. I saw the New Zealand basketball team name is called the Tall Blacks.
 That's pretty amazing. There's only one coach with a losing record in Kansas's history. 
 I'm not too sure on that one. Did you know that Nintendo can be displayed in 54 colors? 
 I saw that Nintendo was discontinued in Japan in 2003. 
 LOL no idea. Maybe cock fighting? 
 Yep I could see that happening as well. Did you know YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet? 
 I heard the Djokovic won.     The other match was the longest semifinal in Wimbledon history.
 I also heard that Djokovic and Nadal both were accomplished players having 29 grand slams and five wimbledon championships between them.
 Yes, that is it.   I heard that Grass courts accentuate big serves.
 If I remember correctly, the tennis ball is a hollow rubber ball covered with felt. Did you know that before 1978, a tennis player could use any object as a racket? For instance you could use a book, stick, or even a ladle if you had the skill.
 That is crazy!     Then again, any sport which resorts to using a helicopter to dry the surface must be!
 Eleven hours!? That is almost half a day. I'm amazed they had the stamina to play for so long. That is respectable in its own right.
 Well, that time was spread over 3 days.     At Wimbledon in particular they have a curfew so have to split long matches up.
 That would be amazing.    So what other types of entertainment do you enjoy?
 I do. Kareen's dunks were once banned from college basketball. I cannot imagine that now.
 James Naismith, the inventor of basketball was a terrible coach. He is the losingest coach in Kansas history.
 I thought you all were going to with the world series a few years back. You had such a great team.
 Yep it's always a struggle haha. Did yujiro back in 1973 to Yankee Swap their families? What was that about
 I know. They need to make a movie about that! Do you know who Bill O'Reilly is? Apparently he made up a fake press pass to get in to see the Yankees back in the day
 That's funny! Do you know Bobby Richardson? He's the only person to win a World Series even though he lost the Series somehow
 Wow! That's crazy. A married couple made the MLB schedule for 24 years!
 That is crazy! Also crazy the man found millions of dollars of baseball cards in his attic. What a lucky guy!
 Dope I don't think they would do very well LOL. Did you know that baseball is huge in Japan? I hear the crowds get really wild
 I have. The announcer gets really into it haha. What I have not heard is a Jupiter radio storm on the radio. I should check that out
 Haha that's a good question! I would rather listen to Jupiter radio than classical Latin though. They have a station that plays that in Finland
 I have no idea! Of all the places in the world to have a Latin radio station I have no idea why it would be Finland LOL. And that started back in 1989 and is still going
 hey there, good, how are you?
 I like the Yankees. Did you know bobby richardson won a world series mvp despite losing the series?
 yeah the logo was designed by tiffany as part of a medal of honor for john mcdowell
 That's like swapping families. It just doesn't make sense...
 I know pretty interesting. do you know ben affleck?
 maybe.do you know yankees do not have names in the back of the uniforms?
 yeah and they do not want the attention to be on the player but on the team
 At least they have a code and stick to it. Suspending donny baseball because of a haircut.
 The NES was around in 2003. I didn't know it had such a long lifespan.
 Do you watch TV? I was surprised that Hugh Laurie gets paid so much!
 True. But I think Carrey means that at some point the conflict is negative? It's a weird point.
 Not really, but I'm familiar with many of the athletes. This fact was surprising though The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days.
 I thought it was a bit extreme to use a helicopter to dry the grass at the US Open in 1969.
 That is great. It does surprise me how many teens and children become so  "addicted" to the internet. There is so much out there for them to be doing and learning about. Life is too short. . Wow I was just reading that a library has saved a copy of the internet. That is really hard to believe. 
 I agree with you there. Did you ever hear that in 1936 some russians made a computer that ran on water? I am not sure I understand how that would have worked. 
 Hopefully not. Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook in 2005 for $75 million. 
 That is truly amazing. I never knew that. Facebook sure became very big after first being offered at a university. 
 That is a success for Mark Zuckerberg. I read that the like button on facebook is illegal in Germany!
 No, I didn't know that.  I just knew they were extinct.
 That's so true.  I was shocked to learn that most birds have bones that are so hollow the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
 Hopefully, they do.  I read somewhere that there are wild birds in Australia that can mimic various sounds, like car alarms and chainsaws.
 That is unbelievable!  I saw on a nature show that some birds fly from Alaska to Northern mexico without sleeping when they migrate.
 That must be exhausting! I know hummingbirds go from New England to Mexico. Poor little things.
 I for sure go online . I just can not believe one person founded the company.
 Yeah, I bet. Did you know that the first amazon.com customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him? 
 They do now, I got a shock a little while back when I got my first Sunday shipment, I hear they have a contract with the USPS.
 Haha. That's a good one! Do you know how many miles Amazon warehouse workers walk in a day per shift?
 When you ask a question like that you know that it can't be a small number.  Sounds like it might be a good way to lose a few extra pounds.
 You are not wrong! On the average shift a warehouse worker walks 7 to 15 miles!
 Another billionaire that can't have dreamed his little enterprise would dominate the world is Mr Zuckerberg, it started a simple dating app at school.
 Yes! Can you believe how long FB has been around?
 Yeah, hit and runs freak me out. You could be having car trouble and be hit by someone just not paying attention. One guy hit a parked car on the side of the road and kept going, but he was caught later.
 Yeah, I heard that they started it with just selling books! I can't believe that that's how Amazon started! 
 I did not. I wonder why I always have to wait until Monday then. Maybe it's just in big cities.
 That is true. But if it need be they will deliver on sundays as well.
 They even own IMDB.
 Yeah and they are so busy now all the time that their warehouse workers walk 7 to 15 km a day
 yeah not too bad. the ceo of amazon built a clock in a mountain that runs for 10000 years.
 That is indeed bad business. Others like iceland are using facebook to reach to people to rewrite the constitution
 that is really nice. there is a woman who holds the record for speed reading.
 Maybe they ask her after, what she has read? Nonetheless that is really fast.
 Aww,, really. We have a feeder, interesting to watch! Its a long trip for birds to fly from Alaska to northern Mexico without sleep when migrating!
 That would be impressive to go to. I would love that! Some of the performers have to play a lot of gigs each year, it can be non-stop for them.
 Yea, it's a bit shocking Mt. Everest has 3g and I can't even get service in my basement
 Yea and countries like Iceland are using facebook to rewrite their constitution
 It is a problem, but I'd have to argue, not only restricted to problems for teens, adults as well! However, I think social media usage is a problem
 The results are even more interesting when you dive deeper into the survey results, because social media usage has relatively no positive or negative effect on someone.
 Yes, but I think it also makes teens feel more lonely when they see events from peers of hanging out at certain places or doing certain things. It's amazing to see the large decline in social media platform usage, from Facebook dominance to Instagram now
 Wow! I wonder if cellphones can even operate normally in those climates, whether there'll be battery issues.
 That would be very problematic! I'm surprised that there are 7% of people who read the full terms and conditions when presented with signing up for service, I thought it'd be less than that.
 Oh that is interesting. Very resourceful, yet kinda mean too. Then again nature is pretty messed up yet wonderful. I mean birds fly, which had been a dream for most of human history
 I use Amazon all of the time. It's hard to believe that it started off as an online book company at this point.
 I am not surprised. their workers walk 7 to 15 miles a day thats is how busy they are
 I cannot remember the name but he is very famous.did you know amazon also owns IMDB?
 I do but I ma on less and less because it has become so toxic. They had 2.2 billion users as of January 2018!
 Yeah, I don't think I will ever use all Amazon's services even IMDB belongs to amazon. 
 Yeah. They can learn on top of Mt Everest because it has 3g cell service!
 That's not a lot! Only 7% of people read the terms when buying something online. That's not a lot either!
 HA! Probably... They might not have made it blue like Zuckerberg did because he is color blind.
 I'd give up ten contacts for a whopper!
 That's awesome. I've always thought video games could get me somewhere! Did you know Cadillacs are names after the French explorer who founded Detroit? Pretty cool. 
 Yeah. I'm not a Marine - He is a retired Marine. Marines are a unique breed ya know. Those days of starching cammies and shining boots seem like ancient history now. I literally called him rather than walking to the garage and didn't wanna Google and cheat ya out of legit info or - Heaven forbid - Misspeak. Marines are just....Different! Oh well. Speaking of drive thru's and cars, I never knew Detroit and a French explorer had anything in common. I always associated French explorers with Louisiana! 
 I think I got free fries one time lol, apparently you can get free pieces by mail though
 I guess it could be, it's funny that it was banned in russia, china and north korea because of capitalism lol
 Yeah, how are kids going to learn! Speaking of China, Facebook is banned there and in another region, the "like" button is actually illegal
 well that is silly, I think that is in the german state schleswig-holstein right?
 haha yes I want to use it right now! weird it was invented in 1975 you'd think itd have happened earlier
 Wow! A blue sunset? It seems beautiful just imagining it. 
 It does seem beautiful, you know the equator actually rotates at a faster rate than the poles, I thought it was the other way around.
 I've seen a few episodes, I'm surprise 3rd Rock beat out Seinfeld at the 1997 golden globes
 After 10 episodes really? that must have been a terrible makeover
 Only one? makes you wonder the reasons behind that
 How funny! I like watching old reruns of Seinfeld. Apparently Julie Louis Dreyfus won the Mark Twain Prize for Humor. 
 I didn't know that, he must of made a lot of money from that. I did know he invented the word gullible
 I didn't! I suppose we needed a word for it though lol! He was a cat lover as well. 
 LMAO! He made that word up too? I had no idea! Apparently he once said that the cherimoya was the most delicious fruit known to man. I have never heard of it but maybe he made up that word too! 
 I'm interested in trying some cherimoya now, hope it isn't too expensive
 Thats crazy! No, I had no idea. 
 They average 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight, I didn't even know it has been on that long
 Yeah exactly, I think it is all very fascinating. I would hate to get struck by lightning bolt because it is five times hotter than the surface of the sun.
 I completely agree with you. It is very sustainable and I think it is the future. In 2011 Neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since 1846.
 Yeah I bet they would too. Hard to believe the voter turnout for US presidential elections is so low.
 No problem they annoyed me too. Interestingly though since 1900, the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75% of the time.
 That's a good question I'm not sure I will have to look that up. There's only one state to have a none of these candidates voting option for presidential elections and that state is Nevada.
 Yeah there's a good chance a lot of people selected that. In ancient Athens, officials were appointed by lottery because they believe elections will lead to an oligarchy. That would not fare so well in our current climate.
 I was surprised that she had so many Emmy awards actually, and six of them for Veep alone. 
 Speaking of country music, did you know that singer George Strait and Jeff Bezos of Amazon are cousins? That family is so rich!!!
 That would be pretty cool. Did you know a Hanson song became the most requested track on an alternative rock radio station? 
 Did you know Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970 four radio show? 
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Hitler was a bad bad man.
 It has been 37 years since a comedy won the academy awards for best picture.
 That was a good movie. Did you know the fender stratocaster was intended for country music? 
 I agree. Country music was originally inspired from Celtic music which is interesting.
 I didn't know that. It's surprising that they actually played country music and opened for themselves.
 That's cool. I didn't know that country music was derived from Irish, Celtic, English, and cowboy music. That makes sense though.
 I never really got into Dancing with the Stars though I know it's really popular. I was excited to know that Paralympic skier Danielle Umstead is the first blind performer.
  Juan Pablo Di Pace will also be on dancing with the stars. He plays Kimmy's estranged husband on Fuller House. I find him kind of annoying on Fuller House.
 Speaking of comedies, the Green Lantern Film was originally supposed to be a comedy.
 Guess you're right! Very smart! I was also shocked that the drive-thru was only created in 1975, it was done by McDonald's, that is such a weird thing you'd think it would have been created earlier than that, it seems so obvious
 Yeah that makes sense. I do like the reasoning for McDonald's creating the drive-thru though. It was because soldiers couldn't leave their car in uniform, so they created the drive-through so that they could still eat
 Oh wow that is really neat! That is showing respect to those in the armed forces. 
 I used to play a lot of video games. I don't play Too Many anymore. I did play Gran Turismo back in the day though, apparently there was a guy who beat like 90,000 people at it and then became a professional race car driver LOL that sounds cool
 Yep I think so. I've only heard bad things about it. Apparently you can put a flamethrower on your car LOL? That seems so dangerous, I just don't know why that would be necessary to stop carjacking
 Oh wow! Who was the inventor?
 Yea, I like Benz, I never knew that Karl Benz patented the car all the way back in 1886
 Yea, it's crazy that it took a while for other parts of the world to switch over from animal-drawn carriages
 That's pretty crazy, not as crazy as an elementary school replacing their desks with reading bicycles
 Yes, you you right, there are so many other sites out here.I didn't know a third of all divorce filings of 2011 in us contain the word facebook.
 That makes sense.  Military property.  
 the drive through was invented in 1975!  its been good chatting! 
 Did you know that myspace turned down offer to buy facebook for $75 million dollars in 2005?
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you facts about the internet? The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. 
 i don't have any more detail on that one.  But here is another interesting one: The current library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 lol Oh I see.  Well heres another fun fact There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of mt. everest.
 Lol Yes! It doesn't even matter,  cuz even if they say something bad in the terms of service I justify it in my head because I need my phone service lol 
 Yeah I know.  Weird. Did you know The sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500 000 years.
 I did not know that.  It's unbelievable, isn't it?
 I know right,  everyone should be investing in solar!
 The sun has so much energy but not too many people use it to power their home.  
 I know.  My friends who have it say their bill is always less than $20 a month 
 Interesting I did not know that.  I did learn that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are actually allowed to play if they are needed.
 Did you play kickball as a kid?  Apparently it is called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 Speaking of money, apparently a man found three millon dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic. 
 I wonder what his grandfather was planning to do with them. $3 million? I would sell those and invest the money!
 Yeah, the highways move smoothly because few people use them. They cost quite a bit. Still, you get what you pay for.
 I wouldn't mind traveling to the Netherlands.  The dutch are creating a bus that travels 160 mph! 
 I did not know that
 Smart guy.  I didn't know that.  
 WOW!!!!  That's quite a bit of travel!  Did you find that in Japan all of the highways are tolls? Quite expensive, as it costs more than three hundred dollars from one end to the other!!!!!
 What are your thoughts on alternative transporation.  The dutch are designing a  commuter bus that  supposedly travel 160 MPH.  That is either a very short commute time or a very long commute distance. 
 Yes, it's considered safe.  It's the drivers who are crazy!  They go way too fast around here!  Speaking of speed........do you read very fast?  I saw that there is a world record for speed reading.  This woman had a speed of 4,700 words per minute!!!!  Can you believe that????
 I fear the younger generation are more visual stimulated than intellectually curious.  Did you know that the novel "Starship Troopers" is considered essential reading by our military?
 Wow! That's a lot of games at wrigley! I also like going to minor league baseball games. I was schocked to learn that the managers wear the uniform in case they have to play.
 Yeah. Up until 2005, a married couple could have told you when the games were scheduled, they made the schedule!
 EW! Lol no thanks....second thought lol. Speaking of speed...I was reading about a lady who won a speed reading competition by reading 4,700 words per minute! Wow, how is that posiible!
 Wow that's impressive haha! Also impressive that the Chinese governmnt censored the word for censorship!
 Haha that's a great question. I have no idea that's definitely a lot of money. One place I want to go is Monaco though. They eliminated the income tax back in 1869. I guess they make enough money through just their Casino stuff
 That must be it haha. I heard that one of the original Facebook investors renounced his US citizenship. Apparently the US government publishes everyone who does that, so his name is definitely on that list
 Haha good point. Do you like Hanson by the way? Apparently was the most requested track on an alt-rock radio station.
 Haha yeah I would have to test that out. Do you like Bill Murray? He used to do radio voices. One of them was the Fantastic Four, and you would do the Human Torch back in the 70s
 Nope they sure don't make it like that anymore you're right haha. Did you ever listen to Bing Crosby? I guess back in the forties he would take up literally half of all radio time because he was so popular
 No it wouldn't haha. Although I can't say how good Canadian radio would be because I can't think of any good Canadian artists haha. Did you hear back in the thirties one of the most popular acts on the radio as a ventriloquist, that is definitely baffling haha
 no that's crazy! Did you know 86% of Nevada is owned by the government, crazy!
 No, i didnt! Why do they own so much? 
 Oh wow, I do not think the US is as strict as China
 I agree! China is very strict from everything I have read. Was your brother happy in China? I think the government goes too far most of the time in some countries.
 I don't either! lol, some of the Governments want to rule everything i think. There was a man who acted as a government official and sold the eiffel tower! 2 times! 
 Right?? Our world is so mixed up, hopefully one day our Government and politicians will make sense for a change.
 They are? I think I heard that but it will be delayed in getting paid. Only the people actually working should still be paid as usual it's not right how the system works. 
 From time to time. If you listen in the AM you might catch JUpiter's storms
 That would be kind of cool. That would be some interesting nature sounds. I'd like to listen to some solar activity. 
 Exactly. THere is also a website where you can listen to free radio dramas
 Oh wow. soldiers in WWII made radios using razorblades and pencils
 That's really crafty. Where there's a will there's a way I guess. Did you know that Bill Murray voiced The Human Torch in the 1970?
 Not really. But there is a radio in FInland that gives the news in latin. 
 Yeah. Switching to politics, how do you feel about the president being chosen by a lottery?
 Yeah. It worked for Venice in the middle ages, they had a great governing body
 Maybe the U.S. should give it a try. Did you know that Monaco eliminated income tax in 1869 because the revenue of the casino was sufficient enough to sustain their government? That would be really wild. 
 Yeah they are a very rich country for sure. In the US politicians in kentucky are required to swear an oath that they have never participated in a duel
 That's very interesting. I wonder how many have lied? Apparently in 1895 J.P. Morgan bailed out the U.S. Government. 
 Apparently in new york city there are no walmarts due to opposition from local unions
 There are over 7 million animal species on our planet, insects contribute 1 million to that number
 The amount of living animals on the planet currently is 20 quintillion! How fascinating!
 Wow. I hope no one hiccups on the radio. Do you know why we hiccup?
 Yes, but I have a tough time categorizing it as "America's classical music" since it's very upbeat while classical music seems a bit mellow.
 Yeah it is like BBQ! They even have it in Pakistan
 Oh really? I don't think I've ever hard of it on the radios. Clint Eastwood is also a jazz enthusiast and he even scored several films, as if he wasn't talented enough already!
 Haha, but it's the guitar that woos people! It's funny how there's a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court and is referred to as "the highest court in the land"!
 Speaking of Reebok, did you now they offered Allen Iverson $800K per year and when he turns 55, Reebok will give him a $32 million dollar paycheck?! Talk about great retirement 
 Maybe they can be a coach, since they are the highest paid people in 39 out of 50 states!
 LOL  I didn't know McDonalds didn't have drive thrus until 1975.  I thought they came out earlier than that.
 I do as well. I find it interesting how candidates change their attitudes and even accents when speaking in different states.   
 I agree! its amazing how much the secret services protect the presidents. Obama's code name for them were renegade.
 I suppose Renegade is better than being called President Banana like they do in Zimbabwe.  Can you imagine answering to President Banana?    
 I'm sure Hillary was very involved giving her experience as a public speaker, a lawyer, and a writer. 
 I would love to hear the storms from Jupiter lol.
 Did you know soldiers in WWII made radios using razorblades and pencils?
 Not really sure, but I think they used the pencil and razorblade as the diode. 
 That would be cool to listen to. 
 I love animals too. There are 20 quintillion animals on planet Earth. 
 I agree. Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. 
 Do you believe in the Lochness monster?
 I'm not sure, but I know India removed all the coconuts in the area surrounding one of his destinations. Just in case
 Ahah I guess it's just a misconception. Did you have any strong opinions on Obama? I thought it was interesting he only vetoed 2 bills throughout his presidency.
 Hmmm...I think this is old news.  He just signed with the Golden State Warriors a few days ago. lol
 I take that back.  I just looked.  He's close to signing with them. lol  There was talk of him possibly going to the Lakers so it's correct. lol  I'm sorry.  I should just jump to some facts like how the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks" yikes!
 Yeah, not many people will remember Iverson in a few years. It's kind of cool that Tim Duncan stayed in school before going into the NBA. 
 Wow. I had no clue. Jordans were banned and nike paid the fines for jordan.
 He wore them anyway huh? 
 Certain types. I like more of the traditional jazz.  I didn't know goatees were a jazz thing for jazz trumpeters. 
 It was a comfort thing, I believe...
 Me neither and I try and stay on top of that stuff. 
 It's funny that physicists proved that shooting FTs granny style is actually better.
 This surprised me: Dizzy gillespie ran in the 1964 presidential race with a cabinet made up of all the biggest names in jazz. My parents knew him but I never heard this.
 You're talking about Bebop. It was more challenging to play, energetic and long, technical pieces.
 Cool jazz is more like Spiro Gira or really mainstream cool jazz like Kenny G. I didn't know it went back to the 1940s.
 Yeah that coach probably made 50k back then.  Speaking of musicians I did not know that Clint Eastwood is an accomplished Jazz pianist, and has scored several of his films.  He seems do be successful in a lot of things.
 Oh word? I recently read something about that too, which was also pretty surprising to me. He doesn't seem to be the type to be enthused by jazz. At the same time, it is "one of America's original art forms" and Eastwood is sometimes thought of as quintessentially so, so that does kind of fit.
 Yea, and it is still on the outskirts of media attention.  I mean, the NBA is almost 60 years, and they have had many amazing stars play the game.  I did not know that Tim Duncan sacrificed money and stayed in college for 4 years to get his degree before joining the NBA.
 Yes, I agree they should. Did you know they fired coach Stan Van Gundy for saying NBA shouldn't be playing on Christmas day.
 I can too! Back to the finances on NBA players, about 30 years ago legend Spencer Haywood chose $100,000 upfront instead of a 10% stake in Nike.
 Probably long gone sadly. NBA player Tim Duncan of the Spurs actually sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly into the NBA.
 Now that is a surprise. I know NBA players are the world's best paid athletes by average annual salary per player
 That's funny! I saw that in 39 of 50 states, the highest paid state employees are either a college basketball or football coach.
 That would never fly in the US. People would be rioting over a name like that.
 That is pretty cool. There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition with jazz-like harmonies.
 LOL that's hilarious! Did you know Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that's topping the charts?
 That's pretty cool. Jazz musicians grow goatees to provide comfort when playing.
 Nice yea the playoffs are fun. The league was founded way back in 1946. Been around for a long time now.
 Interesting yeah it is a bit similar to volleyball. Currently there are 29 NBA teams in the USA and one in Canada which I think is lucky for Canada.
 haha wow that is funny. The inventor of basketball was coincidentally the most losing coach in Kansas history!
 I know!  How can you be bad at the game you literally made up.
 Haha my question exactly. Well sports are huge in this country no doubt. 39 out of the top 50 paid employees in the states are either a college football or basketball coach!
 So excited just hope it is well done. It would be cool to see Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in it. Once his dunk got banned from college hoops!
 Me as well. Although a basketball hoop if 10 ft tall, some of the players make it look so short.
 I am pretty sure there are 15 zeros in a quintillion, that's a lot of zeros.
 Yes, can you imagine a 40,000 years old painting. I wonder how man came to those many years?
 Wow. I wonder who was the lucky and brave warrior to desperately slash a lion.
 There are human rights, and then there are animal rights. I guess it's fair.
 Hey. You follow politics closely? Hilary Clinton actually won a grammy before.
 Interesting now that she's a democrat. She also did a lecture with Stephen Hawking!
 What's crazy is that FDR vetoed 635 bills during his term and Obama vetoed only 2!
 Ok, what about that there's a programming language in which the programs are written in musical compostiton?
 Racoons are crazy, I heard about one that climbing up a skyscraper for no discernible reason. Im surprised he didnt fall!
 Radio act? how would we even tell if hes moving his mouth or not! thats crazy. I wonder if I can listen to those old broadcasts on that classic radio drama database online
 I'll have to keep that one in mind, thank you!
 Nice yeah me too I like March Madness. But I still think the NBA is fun to watch sometimes. They make a ton of money with endorsements. Iverson gets paid 800k per year from Reebok.
 I love March Madness. That's crazy he gets paid that much from Reebok. I saw Tim Duncan decided to stay in college for four years instead of going directly to the NBA.
 I agree. I once saw that Air Jordan's were banned. Apparently, Jordan still wore them and had Nike pay for the fine.
 That is dedication to a brand! Why would they ban them? Reggie Miller was always a good player but his sister was even better.
 I think so. She scored 105 points and broke 8 national records in her time. Very impressive.
 Very impressive. Physicists have proven that shooting granny style is the best technique. 
 LOL - it says that most NBA players don't shoot that way because it looks stupid.
 Yeah how funny would it be if everyone use it. What's crazy is that in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach!
 That is very crazy. I would have never imagined that. 
 Me as well. The New Zealand basketball team was nicknamed the Tall Blacks. That would never fly in the USA!
 I can't imagine that being tolerated in the U.S.
 That would be awesome to play there. I saw that Kareem's dunk was banned from college basketball for about a decade.
 That's pretty interesting. He might have been the one to make that rule LOL.
 I don't remember that book but I will have to look into it. Did you also know that if you zoom into the white house on Google maps you can see Barack Obama?!
 Yes I love basketball. It looks like Carmelo's leaving the OC Thunder.
 He might. All pro athletes get into something post career, like Michael Jordan for instance. Did you know that Space Jam is the highest grossing bball movie of all time?
 Haha I definitely did too. I'm a big fan of Warner Brothers too and Merry Melodies. And another thing with NBA retirement, 78% of players have gone bankrupt post career, or 5 years after retirement 60% have gone just broke. I wonder how Michael Jordan is doing.
 Oh yeah. And Jordan's sneaker empire isn't going any where. I bet Spencer Haywood kicks himself. He chose $100k upfront for Nike, but if he accepted the original offer, his holdings would be worth almost $9 billion.
 He's an NBA legend. 30 years ago when Nike emerged, he was offered a deal to buy into the stock. If he kept his money invested, he would have been loaded. He cashed out $100k 30 years ago.
 I'm doing quite well, how about yourself?
 I am well, thanks. I was surprised to hear there are 20 quintillinion animals on the planet.
 Yeah I was quite surprised with that as well. Although I'm more curious to know why animals develop a white patch on their head when they become domesticated. Do you have any idea why that would be the case? My cat actually does have white patches on his face. 
 I have no idea... Although I do know humans can regrow a rib.
 I am well, thanks. Di you know JFK, washington and jeffereson were the three wealthiest presidents?
 I love football. I heard a guy named James Naismith had invented basketball.
 That's ironic he was a losing coach lol.
 That's pretty crazy and I bet they make a ton of money. 
 Yes they do. The New Zealand basketball team was nicknamed the Tall Blacks.
 Ahh interesting. Yea that would never fly here in the US>
 I think that was a smart decision. Always good to pursue your education.
 That would be hard to pass up also. I saw that Reggie Miller's sister was better at basketball than he was.
 Sounds like the talent is in their genes. I once saw Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA but Jordan still wore them and had Nike pay the fine.
 That fisherman is a role model, few would sacrifice their lifes to help an animal in pain, I  think its heroic.
 I did no know that! what I did know is that as humans, they also have a dominant paw.
 I did not know that! but I think its great after all many people treat animals poorly, its amazing how animals too speak different languages.
 We sure are full of surprises, we are also the only mammals that cant breath and swallow at the same time.
 I think I heard that one on the radioi the other day, do you like listening to the radio? Im amused by how the waves carry sound and then we can all listen.
 Very true. I am surprised that there still is only one canadian team.
 I would have thought there would have been more expansion by now either in Canada or Mexico
 No I did not. How ironic is it that he inventor of basketball has never won a game
 I did not know that Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast
 Really! That's crazy! shooting "granny style" is the absolute best technique to consistently score points on the line, crazy!
 Did you know The us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 I heard that haha! Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba. That's nuts
 The new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"
 That is interesting! Did you know Intellectuals around the world have hailed jazz as "one of America's original art forms"......very cool!
 There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs have jazz-like harmonies.
 That is pretty interesting! I heard jazz players grow goatee's because it is more comfortable while playing, too funny!
 I didn't know that. Did you know Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and scored several films, including million dollar baby
 I love him! That is cool though! There is so many types of jazz I didn't even know. Cool jazz, Bebop, New Orleans....crazy!
 Can you see Eastwood saying bebop? Ha!
 That is crazy and I didn't know that! I wonder why....the inventor of basketball is the only coach who lost in the university of Kansas's history!
 Well sometimes it is not up to me. I mean politics is all over so I would say, 50% of it. How about you?
 It is politics, apparently this is how it works. Speaking of presidents, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called Banana
 Yeah that is mind blowing. I mean, the guy has so much money yet there were other presidents who had more than him.
 Most definitely. Speaking of Trump, the white house where he lives is actually smaller than the guest house. That is crazy.
 That is crazy.  It might gnaw at Trump that if you zoom into the White House on google maps, you'll see Obama.  
 Hahaha, that is so cool. Apparantly all coconuts in India were removed when Obama visited just in case.
 How cool. And to think she was a president of Young Republicans in college. 
 Yes true, she is very accomplished. She even worked with Stephen Hawking and her husband when he lectured at the white house.
 I do like jazz especially when it is live. There is a chart topping jazz orchestra from Pakistan. I have to check them out.
 Nice! I like watching jazz live and noticed a lot of the trumpeters have goatees. I thought that was just for style but apparently it's for comfort.
 Yeah, probably so. I think it would be cool to watch a jazz concert at a Harlem woman's apartment. She has put them on every Sunday for 20 years and sometimes top performers stop by.
 I was thinking the same thing and wondered if it was hazardous at all haha.
 I do like basketball when I can watch. I think it's interesting that the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in University of Kansas's history!
 Huh that is interesting. I would have thought that the hair would interfere with the way that their lips connected with the instrument. 
 Oh wow I didn't know that. I wouldn't have expected Jazz out of Pakistan. Somehow that seems to loose  of a music structure to gain popularity in such a rigid country. It is super neat though!
 They must have lifted that ban because you always see players dunking now. Seems like it would be more of a challenge to make the shots from further back for more points. 
 Wow that is quite the feat for a state employee. I guess people really love their sports. 
 That is pretty funny. Imagine being horrible at the amazing sport you invented!? Kind of a bittersweet victory. 
 Yeah that seems like a name that could be misconstrued in this day and age. 
 I don't mind Jazz. It is a bit freeform for my taste. I would have thought the facial hair would get in the way of playing. 
 Ah that makes more sense then. Jazz always seemed like a very difficult genre to learn. 
 That is amazing. He is quite the entertainer. Actor, director, and apparently accomplished musician. 
 I wouldn't have guessed that in a million years. It is really neat though when music comes out of unexpected places. 
 I didn't realize jazz has roots in West African culture.
 Yeah me too. Apparently top performers used to stop by
 That would be cool. Did you know jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provodes comfort when playing
 Yikes that's not good. The inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the university of Kansas history. How ironic..
 Yeah... Kansas has a rich history and he's the only losing coach? HA!
 The highest paid state employee in 39 states is either a college football or basketball. Coach
 I was thinking the same thing. I also didn't know that humans can't synthesize their own vitamin C. You would think scientists could have figured out something with our genes by now.
 Yeah, I guess some people need more time  for their body hair. I also had no idea that the loch ness monster was a protected species.
 yes, thank you. you too.
 Theres a court there? wow, so its not all boring cases and lawsuites, 
 Agreed. Plus, when she campaignedd in the south, she adopted a southern accent so she is easily manipulated.
 She also won a grammy for best spoken word album for her book. I had no idea.
 Exactly! I am learning a ton about her. Middle name is Diane? Who knew!
 Hi, Do you like basketball?  Did you know that Kareem abdul-jabbar's dunk shot got banned from college basketball for over a decade?
 That's ironic!  In 39 out of 50 states our great tax dollars pay a college football or basketball coach the highest state employee's salary
 That is funny.  In New Zealand the basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"
 I didn't know he was a pianist.  Do you follow NBA?  Physicists proved shooting granny style consistently is the best way to shoot points on the line
 Shows what money can do! Tim Duncan from the Spurs stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the nba
 I heard it was around 20 quintillion which is a number I cannot even wrap my head around. 
 I absolutely agree. Currently we only classify animals as property which is sad. Did you know that the Loch Ness monster is a protected species ha ha?!
 I never thought about that. I assumed all animals got their Vitamin C from their diet. Apparently it's just us.
 That's a cool way to cruise and make music at the same time.  Talking about craft, Brian May of Queen once built a guitar out of fireplace parts and his mum's knitting needle!
 I didn't know that was still going on.  How are they making any money off of that?  lol nobody wants that and you can hear far worse stuff by switching on the TV.
 I wonder if it was in Japanese, we wouldn't be able to understand if we listened!
 I've only used a rotary phone once in my life, I never knew New York's area code was 212 because it was the fastest to dial on a rotary phone
 Yeah, they got the choice pick of area code numbers. lol  I hear the inventor of the dial telephone was an undertaker who was convinced operators were routing his calls to his rivals.  What?
 I know right. lol 
 I had no idea! What kind of salaries do you think they get paid?
 probably an absurd amount just like the players lol They probably make more than mechanical engineers. 
 I know, it's crazy how far technology has come. Its almost like phones didn't need to transmit via cables and other channels at some point.
 I love cats. Its funny if they reach 15 years of age, they literally have spent 10 of those years sleeping.
 Hello, did you know The Us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor
 me too. The new zealand basketball team is nicknames the tall blacks, I wonder if they find offence in that
 Dogs more but I like a lot of animals. New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest on a rotary phone
 That is interesting. I am sure there are a huge amount of phone numbers in NY. There are cat cafes in japan and taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks!
 interesting. The cables that live in the ocean carrying data are only 2.7 inches in diameter
 That's fascinating. You would think that would be too thin. I would imagine the salt would be corrosive and they would need more protection than that. 
 thats what I would think also. I did not know unicef will donate clean water just for not using your cell phone 
 me either. an Iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent, scary
 wow thats awesome. a 15 year old cat has spent about 10 years of its life sleeping 
 WOW! I knew they spent a huge amount of time sleeping but I did not realize it was that much. That's why they're more my speed I think. They just want to cuddle and sleep and play randomly. 
 i can understand that. I like the cat who has been the mayor for a while in an Alaska town
 Ha ha. I would love a mayor cat. There are cat cafes in japan and taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks!
 I heard about that. There are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by different registries 
 I was not aware of that. I would have guessed around 20 and been way off. I will have to look into that more. 
 I agree. interesting to learn that a physicist published his cat as a coauthor 
 He did it so he could write using first person plural and not be criticized 
 WOW! That is a bit much. 
 Hello, lets talk about basketball. There is a basketball court located in the US supreme court building. 
 Good morning.  Cool, I've heard about that court, "The highest court in the land" lol
 The nickname they gave the the new Zealand team is tall blacks 
 no I dont. Lets talk about the Telephone next. The area code of new York is 212 because is was the fastest to dial using a rotary phone 
 I dont. I have heard that they have more computing power then the us nuclear icbm deterrent 
 Unicef has a program that they donate water to a child when you dont use your phone. 
 I wonder how much water they've actually donated?  Because I never see anyone that is not on a cell phone.  But, great program for the kids, though!
 I agree. Interesting fact to know that if two phonebooks have their pages overlapped you will not be able to separate them 
 Not sure. Lets talk about Cats next. They used a stray cat in the opening scene of godfather 1
 No I dont. There is a town in Alaska that has had a cat mayor since 1997
 sorry to hear. When cats reach 15 years of age it has spent about 10 of those years sleeping 
 I have heard of them where people can pay to play with cats and have drinks. It was nice talking to you today
 Have you heard of Nils Lofgren?
 I love that his mother attends his shows too. Can you believe she is 91 years old?
 That is cool that she is still up for that!
 Yeah, the price seems reasonable. He will also play with his three younger brothers
 Another crazy thing is the grand houseboat that was turned into a floating recording studio by Pink Floyd
 Oh yeah, like cassettes as well , those were good times. You could actually hear the music with no filters 
 lots of those people have a lot of knowledge , i think back then u have to have to prove not just with how much u can sell but with the quality of ur work how good u are 
 Some were a little out there though.  Eddie Van Halen literally set his speakers on fire when recording the guitar solo for "beat it."
 i thought but those I'm guessing so many cables around the ocean one day that might cause problems? idk i like that unicef would donate clean water if you don't use your phone 
 I wonder how you do that with Unicef?  That sounds like a great social program if it could be implemented.  How can they keep track?
 Everything is fast-paced in New York, even the area code dialing.  
 most of all there, there's so many people trying to make business the technology there has to be the fastest than in any other place, good speed internet 
 Crazy how technology is so small now like the iphone computer power.
 soon everything is going to be with holograms
 Sounds impossible, but you never know.
 oh i already saw they are doing all that , theres many articles about that 
 How in the world?  But, technology is always evolving like from LP to CD to MP3
 That is for sure... would of never guessed! Apparently so was Enders Game too!
 Enders game was a good read I would say everyone should read that one. I actually started reading it on my ipone. love my phone. so happy to know how many iphones have millions in apps
 Oh.. i can sooo not read on my iphone... i like the feel of the paper in my hands while i read!
 I still think it's so cool you drive a classic caddy!!!  i am a dude! heheeee
 nice. do you know who anne jones is?
 There is a record for speed reading, that is a new one of me lol, whats her record?
 No I'm not too familiar with him, I just know that he passed away at 95 though, that's a long time to live!
 Yes he had a long history though, he started his comedy career back in the 40s
 Speaking of Comedy, did you know that comedy started as a Greek genre?
 I'm guessing some of those shows they cancelled should probably no have been made in the first place.  Speaking in show numbers, Pokemon and 750 episodes, that strikes me as the opposite of comedy.
 I used to live in England, when I was a kid it was voiced by Ringo Starr of the Beatles.  
 LOL  No.  That's funny.  George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins.  That's something I never knew before.
 I used to watch them until a few years ago.  All of the news stations started to lose with me with straying away from the actual news.  I don't think they are now.  They are watched more though than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Yep I remember that's a great episode! I Do you remember the old episodes of The Simpsons too, for instance in the first four hundred episodes Homer had like 200 different jobs LOL
 Yep they just want to be entertained, kind of like the Weekend Update section of SNL, it's very entertaining, and it teaches you about what is going on in the world, and it's also their longest-running skit
 That is impressive! I used to watch that show as a kid, what do you think about the Simpsons Treehouse of Horror episodes? Apparently Daniel Radcliffe did a parody of Twilight and played Edward Cullen on that one episode
 It might be because I think Fox owns The Simpsons don't they? It's amazing that Fox News has a
 Yeah that doesn't surprise me, what does surprise me is that opinion news on Fox is only 55% while at MSNBC is 85%, 85% seems really high
 Yeah I think that's how they do it. Also, Fox News tried to make your own version of The Daily Show but apparently only lasted 13 episodes
 Thank you, and make sure to check out some country music, apparently the Fender Stratocaster was created to be used only with country music in mind
 right how did they get broke so fast
 Good inventor, losing coach.  I guess the two don't mix.  I wonder how good the supreme court justices are, they have their own court.
 Tim Duncan strikes me as a thoughtful guy, willing to sacrifice money for college
 Yes, all the time. Did you know it could only display a certain amount of colors.
 He's so focused on basketball right now that he says he doesn't even have summer plans!
 Yea, it's crazy how far fans go to try and get Lebron to sign with their team like the Philadelphia company who bought billboards in Cleveland to recruit Lebron
 Haha would they make a return? Because I don't think I've ever seen a professional player use them haha for instance I don't see Allen Iverson ever doing that haha
 I guess looks matter. NBA players say they won't do it because it would look stupid. But I would do it because it would be the best way to shoot haha
 Haha I bet they settle certain court cases on the court. I wonder why that isn't bigger knowledge. I never heard of that
 LOL that's hilarious. It sure sounds better to me than the New Zealand basketball team that's nicknamed the "tall Blacks"
 Haha nope no dunking. Did you hear that the inventor of the game basketball is the only losing coach in his University's history
 I bet he was. 39 out of the top 50 highest paid employees from states are either football or basketball coaches
 On another topic, what do you think of humans and body hair? Apparently we lost our hair about 200,000 years ago
 Haha. It's weird that you can regrow a rib actually. It only takes about three months. Why have I never heard of that before?
 No, not really, sorry. I do like U2 though. It turns out that they opened for themselves one time, disguised as a country music band.
 What is a stratocaster? Country music legend George Strait and Jeff Bezos who is the wealthiest man in the world, are cousins.
 I have no idea. HA. I did not know George was related to bezos. Thats crazy
 In 2009 in the US, country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre for the evening commute, and the second for the morning commute.
 Thats usually what I listen too on my commutes. Did you know country music was originally derived from celtic music?
 Interesting. And now it is a blend of all sorts of music like Irish, Celtic, English ballads, cowboy songs and musical traditions from European immigrants.
 No, I try to avoid all news when I can. I find it depressing. I find it interesting that Fox News is more watched than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 I agree. They also threatened to sue the simpsons! 
 On the other hand they discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons. I guess it was a love hate relationship.
 Right! Simpsons is great! Homer actually held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.
 I used to yeah but each episode seemed quite similar to one another. Apparently other people were much better fans than I was-there are over 750 episdoes!
 Thats a lot. I like Shark tank. Its funny how most deals made on the show are never enacted.
 Wow, that's interesting. I never knew.
 omg i didnt know ringo was illiterate for most of his childhood and that he was really sick 
 I knew he was illiterate in his childhood, but I was also shocked to learn he was sick. I was also surprised to learn that none of the Beatles could read music.
 thanks bye !
 Hi. He's a beast. Yeah he is considered one of the best players in the world.
 Yeah good point it was a good move definitely. When he was 18 he rejected 10 million dollars from Reebok!
 yeah he is super smart! Then apparently a year later he accepted a 90 million dollar offer from Nike, he was right to hold out
 Big money right there. He knew he would make it big. His highschool games would sell out!
 that is crazy! you're right too, they would sell tickets to his games for like $120 a pop, i've never heard of people buying high school basketball tickets before haha
 Yeah i used to have the NES! I loved it and thought it was so cool despite displaying only 54 colors!
 Yeah I left that system, it's amazing that it lasted until the year 2003 in Japan, that's such a long time
 ya that is nice, he makes a ton of money though, only Judge Judy comes second and she makes 120k per episode
 oh definitely he does, he's pretty smart too, turned down 10 million at 18 to then accept 90 million less than a year later
 ya N64 was awesome, the NES though only could display 54 colors, a lot more primitive!
 ya I agree they're cool, can't believe that in Roman times, they would use chickens for entertainment, I guess they didn't have videogames haha
 I do, its funny that he was turned down for a role because  he didn't have "that presidential look" oh how wrong they were haha
 haha that is funny, also funny is how Bill Nye got started in show business, he won a steve martin lookalike contest!
 Yes I think he would probably get blown out but it would be cool to see, what do you think about Tim Duncan staying in college instead of going into the NBA immediately?
 Yep that was a brave thing to do. It's shocking that 80% of NFL players go bankrupt after retiring for only two years
 Yes hopefully Michael Jordan makes a cameo in that movie. He is smart at business though. He rejected a 10 million dollar offer from Reebok only to accept a $90 mil dollar offer from Nike a year later
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that the e in Chuck-E-Cheese stood for entertainment LOL that's really weird
 That is impressive! Did you ever hear about the famous Atari video game landfill? Apparently there's a Canadian company that will be Excavating it and then creating a documentary about it
 What a srange form of entertainment.  I guess anything that can hold the attention of people could be considered entertainment.
 I don't watch a lot of TV these days.  I remember as a kid, my favorite show was Bill Nye the Science Guy.  Did you know he got into entertainment by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest.
 I didn't know that there are only 2 African Americans in the hall of fame. But yes, it could be true. 
 lol True! I agree with you. I always was thinking is country music is the best in terms of reflecting the United States. It's something special. Rock, pop, etc. are everywhere. But country music is trully American. 
 I honestly even don't have TV home. All comes from laptop for me. Btw, I didn't know that Fox News is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined. 
 True. My best friend has exactly 5 TV home as you said... I also didn't know that President Nixon had something to do with creation of Fox News. I didn't know that.
 I din't realize that Tricky Dick had anything to do with the creation of Fox News, how interesting!
 I have a cadillac SRX and I didn't realize that the brand was named after a french explorer Antoine de la Month cadillac who founded Detroit. Crazy!
 I am aware of his work. I do like him. He only received $9 for the publication of The Raven which was excellent. That probably was a lot of money at the time!
 I do as well. Did you know there is a poem when read normally is depressing and when read backwards is inspiring?
 I would like to read that one too. The Javanese alphabet forms a poem when recited.
 Those are very good reads. The Hobbit character names are mostly taken from an old Icelandic poem.
 I saw the movie which was really good. Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem.
 I do the same. I love going to live concerts. Linkin Park played 324 shows in 2001.
 I have seen Dave Matthews twice live. Very fun to watch. The Ramones played 2263 concerts in over 20 years.
 That is a ton of shows! Croatia has an ancient Roman amphitheater that is still used today for concerts.
 I do when I have the chance. Luckily it's not the 18th century where there was a fear of the spread of reading of novels. It was a moral panic.
 Yeah, it is, but maybe I would have more time to read if I could speed read like Anne Jones, who can read 4700 words per minute.
 I have not read that. Starship troopers is also on the reading list of some military branches.
 I guess it means both apple and evil!
 Yes, I didn't know that! Its good to know there is 3g cell service on the top of Mt Everest!
 Ha, so I guess it is difficult to escape from technology. There is also a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 I am too, they make it so long and difficult to read. Who knows what's in there? Scary. Did you know the menu button is also called the hamburger button?
 I have never heard of it being called that!
 That's crazy! I guess that shows our ability to adapt. It's also how we've learned to use tools
 That sounds dangerous! Meanwhile in Ohio, it's illegal to warm up your car
 I've heard that drivers in India use their car horn so much, Audi had to create a new horn
 haha ya they make lots of mistakes but they are good more often than not, interesting how they migrated from Africa to populate the world
 Koko is smarter than some of the people I know. She could comprehend 2000 words and could sign 1000. That's impressive.
 haha ya I think we lost our hair almost 300k years ago apparently
 ya I do wonder that, also weird that humans can regrow their ribs, it only takes 3 months!
 oh im sorry to hear that, what is wild too is humans are one of the best long distance runners of all the animals
 We could just drive. McDonalds added a drive thru in 1975. Seems like it hsould be been around before that.
 I would have thought so, i'ts nice that they built that to accomodate soliders in uniform though
 ya that seems like a fire hazard, kind of like putting a flame thrower on your car haha
 haha ya I mean I get that its legal in south africa but that seems insane
 Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts!
 Yes, that's true.  I understand the current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it burns down.
 It is considered to be the best selling book of all time.  It has sold 5 Billion copies!
 It does.  All US presidents have used it for their swearing in ceremony, except two.
 It's funny Mt Everest can get 3g internet and I can't even get service in my basement
 Occasionally, it's pretty shocking that novels caused a moral panic in the 18th century
 Not really. Apparently there is a board game inspired movement by the Ragamala Dance Company.
 That's cool, I did not know that. Tupac is another person who I would not have expected to be a dancer. He did ballet in high school.
 I know. I guess we all have some sort of hidden talent that does not match what we are best known for. Babies apparently seem to be great dancers too as they love the music.
 I wonder why as we get older, some of us are not that great at finding the beat in music
 Must be something with the brain and the connections that are made later in life. Apparently Michael jackson has a patent on a device that helped him achieve his dance moves. 
 I always wondered how he did that.
 I loved dialing numbers on the phone. Now phones these days, specifically the iphone, have more computing power than an entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
 I find it scary but also fascinating how much we have progressed in the last century. It's pretty cool that phone and internet cables are on the ocean floor.
 I do! I love going to listen to jazz live. I don't really listen to it at home. I never knew that Jazz trumpet players grew goatees in order to provide comfort when playing
 I like the sound of their music. They have been around since 1700!
 I wonder how it got there?
 Wow! Those are some solid shoes, too! Ouch!
 My kids always like to dance in the car. I can't believe cars have been around since 1886!
 That's interesting to imagine! In South Africa, you can put a flame thrower on your car to keep from getting carjacked!
 Haha. Excellent question! Did you know the McDonald's drive thru has been around since 1975?
 It was made so soldiers didn't have to get out of their car in their uniforms!
 Sure is! Cars look a lot different now than the first ones sold in 1908
 They don't know exactly!
 That is true , It is sort of believed that is was around the 1700's in Italy.
 Of course it was probably Italy! Pianos are everywhere it seems, even on top of Britain's highest mountain! Which begs the questions of how? And why?
 That's insane! I had no idea! Music and dance go hand-in-hand for me, even if it's just bobbing my head when I drive. I personally believe it's human nature since babies dance when they hear music! What about with you? 
 Not only do they smile, but they smile MORE when they hit the beat, How cool is that? I had no idea that ballet dancers can go through up to four pairs of pointe shoes in a week. That sounds like it would be really hard on your feet!
 I can't believe he has a patent on the device that helped achieve the extra lean in some of his moves. I get why, but now that I know there's a device... that seems like cheating. 
 Yea, but strangely enough people were able to put a piano on top of the highest mountain in Britain
 Another crazy piano is the aluminum grand piano built for the airship Hindenburg's lounge, it only weighs 356 lbs
 It's crazy that soldiers weren't allowed to leave their vehicles with fatigues on in 1975
 Have you seen the viral photo of a six year old who was comforting his dying sister?
 So sad. The symptoms to the illness were strange, they noticed she was swinging her leg instead of picking it up and planting it on the ground but it was not really too apparent that something was wrong till she got worse.
 I think it's beautiful that at her funeral they did not want people to wear black. Instead they wanted friends to wear bright colors or Addy's favorite colors.
 Interesting! I find I spend too much time on FB. Too bad Burger King doesn't seem to have the promo where if you unfriend ten people on FB you get a free whopper.
 Haha, I know right. Maybe if we used FB like Iceland does, to do useful things like rewrite the constitution, I would be more of a FB fan.
 Hey I'm great! Yes I do use Facebook, but first I had MySpace. Did you know that MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75M in 2005? They missed out!
 Haha agreed. It's worth billions now, and I don't think MySpace is really anything anymore. Facebook is mostly blue because Zuck suffers from red green colorblindness.
 Maybe! Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people from FB you got a free Whopper.
 It might be. Have you ever seen the movie Frozen? I haven't but did you know that Disney renamed it to Frozen instead of Snow Queen because they blamed feminine titles for poor box offices.
 It was, her name is Jennifer Lee and she is the 1st female director of a Disney animation studios film  and it earned more than $1B in box office revenue.
 They never are. The cowriter of the song Let It Go also cocreated the Book of Mormon and guest wrote an episode of South Park.
 Robert Lopez! Off topic but a fun fact: did you know that McDonalds added the drive through to accommodate soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?
 I do too I can't believe he made $700,000 per episode when he was doing house
 That is funny. What makes me sad is that Jim Carrey won't do dramas anymore. He only wants to do comedies to promote positivity
 I have to check that out. I did hear good things. Pretty crazy that they have 60 million subscribers in the United States
 Yes I'd have to look it up. Have you ever played Minecraft apparently someone 16-bit computer in that game
 I have not seen House before, but I have heard it is very good. Hugh Laurie makes $700,000 per episode on House.
 That's a lot of money. Did you know Jim Carrey won't make dramas anymore because of his belief system? 
 That is funny he began that way. Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper.
 That's a lot of bandwidth. Netflix and Youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 did you know that the space shuttle only used about 1mb of ram?
 wow I didn't know that, I did find out that Netflix spends twenty times more on postage for shipping its DVDS than it spends on bandwith, technology is crazy
 Netflix is a powerhouse at this point. They now have 137 million subscribers!
 ya and they use up about a thrid of all internet bandwidth, they are a serious player in internet usage!
 wow that is crazy! I remember going to Blockbuster and they were put out of business by netflix! Blockbuster could have bought netflix at one point for only 50 million!
 well apparently Apple made a new rule that if you smoke near your phone or computer then that makes it a "biohazard" and they will void the warranty
 oh wow I didn't know that, technology is crazy, I guess there are people called transhumanists who want to upload their brains to memmory sticks and use them on computers
 wow that is weird, also crazy is the person who made a working computer out of minecraft blocks, like how is that possible!
 no I didn't, I did like that back in the day as a kid though, maybe I can upload my mind to a computer and play Doom on PC all day haha
 Apparently, Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor for a TV drama. 
 ya, it was interesting for a hot minute then got old, did you know Michael Caine became an actor basically to chase girls? haha
 ya I should have done that, did you ever watch Jim Carrey movies? I guess he says he won't be doing a dramatic movie ever again
 His drama movies stink. I don't like them. 
 Cable is so expensive it's not worth it, I think it's funny Netflix was started out of frustration due to a late fee, the creator had rented Apollo 13 and the late fee was $40 haha.
 It's pretty crazy that a year later in 2006 google bought youtube for 1.5 billion
 Wasn't aware of that.  Between Netflix and youtube, looks like the marked is pretty much covered
 That's crazy but youtube is the second largest search engine
 I wonder if we can view blutube? Or if it's exclusive to police.  Gonna google that one  lol
 Maybe you can find it on facebook. It's crazy how much stuff is on there now since it was founded in 2004
 And to think Myspace turned down an offer from facebook.
 It's nuts myspace wouldn't pay 75 million for facebook
 LOL  Burger king offering a free whopper to unfriend 10 people on facebook
 For sure.  What a way to use the internet.  Kinda redefined it.
 Yes, you bringing up that "Hall of mirrors" effect where you think, what's reality and what's a reflection and what's real and what's the internet. Funny in 2001 neopets was the 4th most traffic site 8 spots above Google. It was a kinder, simpler internet back then. 
 So did I.  What is an amazing story
 Just by now.  Do you know youtube is the second largest search engine on the net
 I will definitely watch the song.  Do you that police have their own youtube called blutube
 Yeah, also, myspace had a chance to by Facebook for 75 million but turned it down
 oh, I see.  Facebooks worth is 104 billions
 That's odd. 30 % of american adult people use facebook as their primary source of news! That's a lot.
 Me either. Now they have self-driving cars, though.
 I've unfriended 10 people for free, I never knew I could get a whopper lol
 I don't know but I don't want to get them arrested lol. Speaking of crazy laws, it is legal to equip a flame thrower onto you car in South Africa
 Interesting. Do they pay real money or is it some kind of cryptocurrency?
 Are you a cop? That is for police isn't it? Can anyone access it?
 Interesting. I'll have to look into it. Speaking of blue, did you know the reason facebook is blue is because Zuckerberg is color blind? Now that blue is so iconic.
 Really?  That's crazy.  I had no idea.  It really is everywhere.  I guess bc clicking links online can be addictive. Anyway. I'd better get back to work. It's been nice chatting.
 Hi there! Do you like watching the NBA?
 Yeah same here. Do you have a favorite college team you're cheering for?
 I see. Given the state of the NBA today I wouldn't see it as a huge issue. I am a little biased though being a Lakers fan.
 Yeah!  The first one was so Iconic.  I grew up with it so I hope this next one can live up the the hype.
 cool beans ;) I've heard that in 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 I would.  Space Jam is the highest-grossing basketball movie of all time.  I haven't seen it, but it looks cute with Cartoon characters and basketball stars
 I don't know exactly.  Did you know that Shaq has only one recorded 3 pt. score throughout his basketball career?
 Lebron James rejected a $10 million offer from reebok when he was 18 and less than a year later was offered a $90 million offer from nike
 Really confident I guess too.  When James left Cleveland for Miami in 2010 they marked down his posters to the price of $17.41 references the year of traitor Benedict Arnold's birth
 cool stuff ;) hey ! Warner bros and lebron james have signed a new deal for a "space jam" sequel ! That's freaking awesome ;)
 That is funny!   Did you know that Lebron James has a photographic memory and can remember exact in-game scenarios
 I guess he have lots of lines to remember in a space jam sequel! Maybe this will boost his ratings as he had been hated back in 2012 and even a captured al-qaeda member wrote letters of disgust at his decision to go to miami heat
 The letter said that "Lebron James is a very bad man and should apologize to the city of Cleveland"
 I don't really like the taste either. Yes, other cultures have traditions and I respect those but for us here in america. Its the opposite of what we teach our kids.
 I can see that point of view and respect it. I heard the Lebron James had six bottles of wine open with his family and the value was about 3k. Thats wild to me.
 Yikes. There are some studies that show that small quantities of alcohol as adolescents can have adverse affects on developing brains. So maybe in a household where wine is consumed every day it's not a good idea.
 Many regard Lebron James as one of the best too. He has a photographic memory and can remember exact in game scenarios
 How funny! Lebron james knew how good he was from early on. He rejected a $10 million dollar offer from Reebok when he was 18. He thought he would get a better offer from Nike. A year later, Nike offered him $90 million.
 Thats insane! what a crazy deal.
 Yeah, but he wasn't always so loved. In 2012 even a captured Al-Qaeda member expressed disgust at Lebron's' decision to go to the Miami Heat.
 Yeah, that was intense for everyone. I learned that Lebron James is gonna star in the Space Jam movie. That will be cool
 Also, his posters were marked down and sold for $17.41 in reference to the year the American traitor Benedict Arnold was born. Haha. I'd love to see that Space Jam movie. I liked the original.
 The original Space Jam is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time. I think I will rewatch it before watching the second!
 Wow.  I didn't know that.  He was such a big player I guess he didn't have to rely on the 3 pointers that much.  The U.S. supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor.  Who would have known that?
 Apparently, the college basketball once banned the slam dunk because of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
 ...and what did Kareem did that was so bad in Slum Dunk ? ;)
 Apparently, Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode.  She is the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James.
 I was always curious... is she a real Judge... ? Are those real cases ?
 Yes they are.  Lebron rejected a $10 million offer from Reebok when he was just 18!
 wow... can You imagine being in a state of mind to refuse $10 million... sorry, I can't...
 I guess that's why his high school games had tickets that cost more than $100!
 And Reggie Miller was already playing high school ball at that point.
 Seems like I might be convincing you about LeBron! Even his high school games had 1750 people there sometimes.
 Well that was nice. An Al-Qaeda member was even upset about it. He told his lawyer that "Lebron James is a very bad man and should apologize to the city of Cleveland"!
 It seems like a long time in between movies to make a sequel to that now. 
 I agree. Also, when he left Cleveland his posters in the city were marked down to $17.41 in reference to the year that the traitor Benedict Arnold was born!
 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is my all-time favorite. He was such a dominant dunker that he got it banned from college basketball for over a decade!
 I really liked it too. Did you know that Physicist proved that shooting "granny style" is the absolute best technique to consistently make free throws, but NBA players refuse to do it because it looks stupid to them?
 Nike sure has lots of money to do that.  They also gave Lebron James $ 90 million in a deal after he turned down $10 million form Reebok a year earlier, because he said Nike or Adidas might offer him more.  King James was correct!
 Indeed he was! Speaking of Reebok, Allen Iverson signed a lifetime deal with them in 2001 that pays him $800,000 a year until he reaches 55.
 Wow, he was smart, also, because that deal pays him a final lump sum of $32,000,000 if I'm not mistaken.
 That's right, he should be set if he's smart about his money. Another smart player is Tim Duncan, he sacrificed money and actually stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the NBA.
 Yes, that was very smart on his part.
 Did you know that in 39 states in the US, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach? That's pretty wild!
 Yes, it is.  Did you know the US supreme court has a court on the top floor known as the highest court in the land?
 Oh wow, that's kind of neat. I wonder if they ever play any pickup games during a break?
 I would pay to see that! lol 
 Me too, she's a beast!  Hope she's on the mend after her recent fall, though.  On a different note, did you know the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall blacks?  Isn't that kind of racist, to you?
 Yeah that is pretty racist. I don't think I would want to wear any of their memorabilia. Did you know that the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas history?
 Me either very racist.  I don't know how they get away with that in 2019?  Anyway, I think it's very ironic about James Naismith, as the inventor he should have rigged the game of basketball to allow his teams to win.
 It brings a new meaning to "beating you at your own game." lol
 I'm learning to like it, how bout you?
 Yep. Tim Duncan sacrificed money and stayed in college to finish his four year degree.
 I didn't know there were only 30 teams either.
 I agree. Did you know Warner Bros and Lebron James sign a new deal for a space jam sequel?
 I did not! That should be fun. It's amazing the amount of money the players get for shoe endorsements!
 They make so much money from endorsements it's sickening. 
 That's amazing! The US Supreme Court has a basketball gym on the top floor.
 Really? I wonder how many politicans play basketball?
 I doubt many of them play. Apparently, it's called the high court. lol
 Good for him. Does he have a specific charity he raises for?
 not that I am aware of. but it's really great of him to do.
 That is awesome. I like Lebron. Did you know the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the tall blacks?
 Cleveland and Miami. In fact, when he first left Cleveland to go to Miami, even captured Al Qaeda members were dissapointed in his decision to leave Cleveland!
 NBA players are the est payed athletes in the world. And they still get huge endorsement deals!
 Right, and compsre this to NFL players:  78% of them are bankrupt within two years of leaving the game...
 jayson Tatum seems like a hot prospect for the Celtics with 20 or more points in 7 postseason games
 Does he get his haircut too much though like Marcus Morris says?
 How so?
 His barber went to Milwaukee expenses paid by Tatum.  He really loves this barber
 Guess not.  NBA player Allen Iverson got a lifetime endorsement with Reebok in 2001 paying him $800000 per year until age 55 then a lump sum of $32,000,000
 That's got some NBA stars in it that I recall.  In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid employee is a college basketball or football coach
 That is odd. But, with air Jordan's who would miss it.  Did you know air jordans were banned in the NBA upon their intro but Jordan wore them as nike paid the fine each game.  Shows what money can do
 Wow.
 Yes LeBron is the man! I love Space Jam as well and I'm glad he's going to be in the sequel. He seems like a nice guy too. He raised 6 million dollars for charity
 Yes, he seems like a really generous person! I think he is well deserving of the money he makes.. I see that he once received $100-$200 per ticket for a game he had in high school! That's crazy and incredible for a high schooler
 Yes it sounds like he's always been very talented. He's also very smart at business. He turned down a $10 offer from Reebok one year, and then the next year accepted a 90 million dollar offer from Nike LOL
 Oh jeez, at least he knew his potential! Crazy how long he's been a part of the NBA.  Did you see that there are 30 teams total in the NBA, and one is actually Canada?! Isn't that strange? I'm glad they included a different country, but you'd think out of 30 teams there would be more Canadian or at least other nations that were included as well..
 I haven't! You seem to know a lot about basketball.  You should try joining the NBA one day lol.  They seem to get paid so much money! I just read that Allen Iverson has a lifetime contract with Reebok and gets paid $
 I did hear about that. I think he's going to make like 32 million dollars once he reaches age 55 LOL that's insane!
 Yes I agree with you. What do you think about Reggie Miller? he was good, but apparently his sister was even better LOL
 I'm not familiar with him other than this article, but I find it pretty hilarious that he kept trying to outshine his sister, but she just was always outshining him!  I like that he tried bragging about his 40 points and she had more than double that!
 well I don't usually, but it is shocking that the NBA had the dunk banned for a while
 ya he was too good, did you hear that the creator of basketball was the only coach to have a losing record at the U of K
 haha I heard it was the "tall blacks" that name definitely woulnd't fly in the USA!
 ya Lebron is a nice guy, I mean he raised 6 million for charity that is super cool
 I did that is amazing! and he makes so much money, only Judge Judy is the second highest paid celebrity at 120k per episode
 ya that is genius, and then only a year later he was offered 90 million, thats genius!
 oh definitely, he made a good decision, kind of like his high school charging $100 a ticket for peopl to watch him play back then
 ya that is crazy, did you knwo that granny style is scientifically the best way to shoot baskets?
 Yeah, I have heard of him. In high school he kept beating his own records only to find out that his sister had broken multiple national records.
 Yeah, he gets $800,000 per year until age 55 where he will get $32,000,000. I think it would be depressing to get that much money so late in age though, haha.
 I heard that! I look forward to watching it. Lebron has always known how much he is worth. He rejected a $10 million offer from Reebook when he was 18. He thought he could do better. A year later Nike offered him $90 million.
 The Laker's team this year has been called a reality show call sheet, rather than a basketball team. 
 I heard it is James Naismith and he is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas history!
 Yes he seems like a really good pic. He was the former number two overall draft pick apparently to
 Oh I didn't know he played in China. I guess he played for the Shanghai sharks and then the golden stars
 What do you think about the NBA in general though? Isn't it shocking that there is only one Canadian NBA team
 That would be cool. What do you think the team should be called by the way? Maybe they should get Allen Iverson to play, he makes so much money with Reebok that he would probably play Anywhere haha
 Yes they were banned, but then Nike just paid the fee so that Jordan could keep wearing them, which is hilarious and actually great advertising
 Oh absolutely! Do you think that players should start shooting granny style? Apparently that is the most scientifically accurate way to shoot a basketball LOL
 Well, that was weird. My articles just switched to basketball
 Though this is a bad stat: In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach. 
 Wow, that's awesome. I guess this argument was considered one of the worst ever and intense in the Warriors era, 
 Really? Wow, I guess it doesn't surprise me though, he is the best. I would have paid that much! I think I heard almost 2000 people would show up to those games, it is just amazing!
 Wow, well I am sure he plays the game for the fans and not all for the money, so I am sure he didn't care. Lebron is one of the highest paid celebrity's as well as an athlete. His life has been full of accomplishments. 
 Too funny!  Lebron James get's teamed up with players he doesn't really get along with.
 LOL! Oh wow... see warner brothers and lebron james have signed a deal for a new space jam?
 Not a fan of her either... and do that many people watch her where she makes that much per episode... WOW!!!!
 Not a clue!  See in most states college football and basketball are the highest paid
 I didn't. But I'm sure it plays a big part in his success at an early age
 The NBA consists of 30 teams, one of which is in Canada.
 No, I didn't know that. Any idea why would that be ?
 Maybe cause they have the most games? It's only one of four major professional sports leagues in the US.
 I always wondered why Soccer is not one of those sports...
 Maybe if America took soccer as seriously as the rest of the world we would pay the soccer athletes more.
 So I guess it's about the money :)
 It's always about the money. Allen Iverson is getting 800,000 a year from Reebok!
 ...and who is he ? did he earn that money ?
 NBA player, I guess earned by promoting Reebok merchandise. Seems like easy money.
 Would be nice.  Speaking of money to blow, Nike used to pay the fine every game so Jordan could wear the Air Jordan sneakers.
 I couldn't believe that Coach Stan Van Gundy was fined for saying that the NBA shouldn't be playing games on Christmas Day.
 True. I read that Space Jam is the highest-grossing basketball movie of all time. But I can't think of any other basketball movies!
 I find it hard to believe that Shaq has only 1 recorded 3 point score in his career.
 no way ! Really ? That can't be true...
 I just forget that it's the North America league rather than the US league. Yes he did. It's crazy that his dunk was so dominant that that happened. They kept the ban for over a decade. 
 Yes, its fine for pros to get paid big bucks because they are pros but college is basically just a free minor league system for the nba. It doesn't bother me LeBron James makes a ton now that he is a pro. Apparently only judge Judy makes more then him as far as celebrities.
 I would not guess that Jude Judy would be number two. How odd. I did hear that he is going to be in a Space Jam sequel. 
 Judy is #1 Lebron is #2. I never would have guessed that either though. Yes. I loved the first space jam movie. It would be great if they brought back Jordan too and did something to decide who is the better player him or Lebron.
 No, that's cool. You don't hear too much about 2 sport players anymore like Bo Jackson. I do remember people used to scalp his high school basketball games tickets. They went for over $100 for a high school basketball game!
 Yes he did with Reebok. It pays $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000. That's an amazing deal!
 I also like basketball. It is the US favourite past time sports. In 1920 there are many professional basketball team in towns, cities of US. This lead to the growth basketball.
 The New zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks".
 have a great day too...
 I was surprised to know that the average pay for a NBA player is the highest  for all professional sports. 
 Yes, I do! I heard that too! They should use it more. lol Didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team!
 Yes, In 39 states the highest paid employees are either college football or basketball coaches.
 No, I bet its a money maker! Another SpaceJam movie coming!
 Oh, yes, I see that! That's a smart move. Judge Judy makes $123,000 an episode!
 I know, making her the highest paid celebrity  after Lebron James.
 I am assuming as he signed a new deal.
 I hope they do.  Lebron is the current premier star of the NBA but also the highest paid celebrity.  I would not have thought it, but coming in at the No. 2 position is Judge Judy at $123,000 per episode.
 What  surprised me is that he was drafted into the NBA straight from high school.  Apparently he was very much a rising star then with tickets to his high school games going for $100 or more.
 Well, considering he is over 7 feet tall, a dunk is a bit easier for him than the average height player.  What I find interesting is how widespread basketball is.  The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks"!
 I have no idea.  But, I think because it is a game that require most invest in player equipment (compared to football) is why it was spread so readily.  They even have a court on the top floor if the U.S. Supreme Court, AKA "the highest court in the land"!
 We know Brent Kavanaugh plays, but I am not sure he is a dunker.  In an interesting bit of basketball trivia, James Naismith invented basketball when he was with the YMCA.  Yet, as a college coach, he turned out to be the only losing coach in the history  of University or Kansas basketball! 
 Just a little.  I remember Air Jordan's.  Everyone wanted them in elementary school.  The NBA banned them but Nike paid Jordan's fine to wear them
 Speaking of sports brands, Lebron James rejected a $10 million dollar sponsorship offer from Reebok when he was 18. He was right as less than a year later, Nike offered him $90 million.
 Sounds like a pretty sweet retirement! Lebron James not only makes millions for himself. He also raises for charity. He raised six million dollars by televising "the decision"
 I heard she is the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James.
 I did watch it when I was little. I would love to see the sequel, with another basketball great! Lebron is regarded by some as the greatest player of all time. I feel like I used to hear that about Jordan.
 I think the dunk made basketball very popular as well. Kareen Abdul-Jabbar's frequent use of the dunk got it banned for college basketball for more than ten years!
 The inventor of basketball actually is the only losing coach in University of Kansas' history.  Luckily he has an invention to be remembered for.
 Well, that's odd. Speaking of coaching, it can be quite lucrative. In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is a college football or basketball coach.
 That would be an awesome place to play!
 They might not get million dollar sneaker deals if they do that.
 High school games at Lebron James' high school actually cost $100-$120.  That sounds extreme.  I wonder if he went to private school?
 man, good call on lebron james to reject reebok and wait it out
 for being fined.  i'm with him, give them the day off. everyone deserves it
 He is so good, I think he is the best player of all time. I could see why he regrets giving his oldest son the same name, too much to live up to.
 I did not know that, he's had Snoop Dogg, Draymond Green, Candace Park and OBJ on the show too. He's such a great guy.
 He is, his also the highest paid celebrity, that came as a suprise to me
 That would be a hard pick to have. Reggie Miller was so good too, he never missed a three it seemed. His sister Cheryl was arguably better though, she scored 108 points in a game.
 They are both really good. Do you know much about the granny shot? It gets a lot of flack but its been proven that it is the best technique to consistently score points on the free throw line.\
 That's incredible. I honestly wouldn't feel too bad being surpassed by someone who does that!
 I wonder what they offered him. Lebron James turned down a $10 million offer from Reebok once!
 Wow. $32 million seems like so much money, but after Lebron James turned down their offer, he got a $90 million deal with Nike.
 But he didn't even try!  You have to be aware in that situation.  Its forgivable if you miss,but to not even try?  
 I'd have to assume that no one was really good back then.  One of the things I like about Basketball is there are only 5 players on the court per team - it's a small team sport with big players!
 Ha!  I see what you did there!  Highest Basketball Court in the Land!
 Right!  His sister Cheryl was one of the best WNBA players of all-time.  She was bigger than Reggie!
 Yes, headquartered in New York.  They probably had a lot of street ball before professional.
 I am sure!  Street ball makes me think of Allen Iverson.  He was so fun to watch.  He still gets 800k a year from the contract he signed with Reebok in 2001!
 An a final lump payment of 32 million at age 55
 Must be nice!  Speaking of shoes, it seems insane that Air Jordan's were once banned in the NBA!!
 Jordan was offered a contract by Adidas, but eventually took the Nike offer.  Now the Air Jordan brand is worth more than the entire company of Adidas.  So crazy!
 I bet he could dunk easily!
 Not as easy as Kareem!  He actually got the dunk shot banned from college basketball for over a decade!
 They could try granny style which is actually the most effective shot.
 Kind of funny, Naismith is the only losing coach in the history of the Kansas Jayhawks basketball program!
 Dang..I thought it was a soccer player.  Anyway, nice chat take care.
 And in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college coach
 Thats amazing and look at the popularity of them even to this day. Amazing.
 Yes It has been nice talking to you
 I really like him too. Very talented. 14 all star game appearances.
 A company like Nike can definetely afford that, its crazy how this big brands can afford to pay big quantities of money to players.
 He signed a lifetime endorsement with Reebok. It paid him $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000! That's an amazing deal!
 Yeah the same one, so he sacrificed being a pro early for college.
 Did you ever see the original? I left it as a kid haha. Didn't know that LeBron James is the highest paid celebrity ever, only Judge Judy comes in a close second apparently
 She makes a lot of money! The highest Court in the Land, is an interesting name for the US Supreme Court building! On the top!
 haha do you? Like who? I just know that the inventor of basketball was actually a losing coach, the only losing coach in the course of the University of Kansas history
 Oh that makes sense. Did they ever dunk the ball by the way? Apparently Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was so good that they banned for dunk for about a decade when he played LOL
 No, I dont think so either. Highest paid state employees are in college basketball/ football as coaches.
 Not really a favorite but I like the Cleveland Cavs.
 I like the Bulls. I loved Michael Jordan. I know Air Jordan;s were his thing, but they were banned upon introduction. However Jordan wore them as Nike was willing to pay the league fines.
 I like the sport because my son plays it in highschool and thats about as much as I really know about it. I love watching him play.
 The basics are that it's a team sport where two teams most commonly made of 5 players per team oppose one another with the goal of shooting baskets.I know Kareem Abdul-Jabar's dominant use of the dunk shot got banned from college BB for over a decade.
 I did not know that! Great idea though.
 Wow. That's a lot of money. Can you believe that some of Lebron's high school games would attract as many as 1750 attendees with tickets as high as $100-$120. 
 Yes, he did. Very smart of him. Did you know athlete Tim Duncan of the Spurs sacrifices money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly into the NBA?
 League, You mean NBA ?  I'm not sure, but it doesn't sound young to me ;)
 ahh, yes, I guess You're right. Looking at it like that, soccer is much older... 
 yeah it's interesting that Warner bros and lebron james have signed a new deal for a "space jam" sequel
 Oh wow! I would do it! I have no shame! Haha! Granny style? Bring it on! Did you know that Air Jordans were banned upon introduction by the NBA?
 Wow! It's a good thing he rejected though. He earned himself 80 million! Yeah I guess Jordan wore his Jordans anyway, because NIKE was willing to pay the fine each time! That worked well for them, I think!
 No I didn't! I admire charitable qualities in people. I only wish I had the resources to be able to be charitable! Woah! Apparently the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed "the tall blacks". That's pretty crazy, I don't think that's very nice!
 He is probably worth it though!
 True.    Not everyone is Allen Iverson, who earns $800000 a year from Reebok, and will get $32 million at age 55!
 People will pay to see LeBron James in retirement!    Tickets for his high school games were often over $100!
 I think I would've preferred to see Kareem Abdul-Jabbar who had a vicious dunk that got the shot banned in college basketball for over a decade!
 True, although the game has changed many times since James Naismath invented the sport!
 He would probably not make it today, where 39 of the 50 states highest paid employees are a college football or basketball coach.
 I agree. When he left Cleveland in 2010  of his merchandise was marked down to $17.41 in reference to the year that the American traitor Benedict Arnold was born.  
 That is so lame, they should be thankful that he played for them.  I wonder how they felt when he came back and won a title for them. 
 It is! Did you know that tim duncan of the spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going to the NBA. That says alot.
 Yep. Listen, Judge Judy makes 123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celeb after Lebron
 Probably not. Maybe a robe deal. LOL. Did you know that there is a New Zealand team that have named themselves the "tall blacks"
 Exactly! I am not sure if you have realized but in 39 out of the 50 states, the highest paid employee is either a college football or basketball coach!
 Absolutely. Supposedly, the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court called the highest court in the land. 
 Absolutely! He even rejected a Reebok offer of $10 mil when he was 18. Who has that fortitude?
 I'm not sure.  But the sport is played all over the world and even in some unusual places in the U.S.  The U.S. Supreme Court has its own basketball court on the top floor nicknamed "the highest court in the land"!
 Hi! Hope you're doing well! Did you hear about LeBron telling reporters how mature his two boys are? I was surprised he said both he and his wife share wine with them!
 I know that shocked me too!  wow a 11 and 14 year old drinking wine, not my style of parenting, but to each his own, I guess.
 Yeah, I do like watching a little basketball every now and then.  I hear that Warner Bros. and Lebron James have signed a deal for a Space Jam sequel.  It'll probably be a moneymaker, as well.
 Yes, he was smart and at such a young age when he signed that deal with Nike.
 Yes, he is a valuable player.  Did you know tickets to some of his high school games sold for $100- 120/ apiece?
 Yeah, I had heard that, but I don't think it has affected his pocketbook, much! lol
 Boohoo, that man could care less about what a captured Al Qaeda member said.  Lebron has made bank and continues to make bank.  Doesn't matter if you hate or love him, he still makes that money.  He's the highest paid celebrity and makes more than Judge Judy.
 I guess he invetend it at the YMCA! Ha! What else is interesting that many people don't realize is Shaq has only recorded one 3 point score in his entire career! That is unbelievable!
 Yeah, I hear that physicists have proved that shooting granny style is the most consistent way to score points on the line, but the players won't do it, because it looks so stupid.
 Not I didn't, why did they fire him ?
 Tensions between Kidd and his team had been building for months.
 There were issues between him and Jabari Parker and upper management. Kidd wanted to change the roster constantly and made weird in game decisions.
 That's interesting. Did you know that granny style is the best technique to consistently score points? But  NBA players don't use it because it looks dumb.
 I mean... I heard about it, but isn't it easy to block a shot like that ?
 I'm not sure but physicists supposedly proved it was true.
 That would be hilarious! Going back to shoes, Air Jordans were banned when they were first introduced by the NBA but Jordan kept wearing them because Nike paid the fine.
 Why were those banned ? They were making him higher or something ?
 Yes, I do. I find it crazy that there are 30 teams in North America.
 He had a new deal with "Space Jam" which was such a great movie!
 He is such a generous man. No wonder everybody looks up to him as a legendary. He accepted a $90,000,000 offer from Nike.
 Maybe he thought it was either or for his choosing. Anyways, Judge Judy makes way more money!
 back when he was in high school people were already paying between $100 to $120 to see him!
 He is living his life and still to this very day.
 Hi, do you watch the NBA?
 I love basket! I learned Basketball players are the best athletes in the world by average
 That amazing really. I had no idea the league was founded in 1946. I would have figured sooner!
 That is a smart basketball player! Did you know Shooting granny style is the best way to score in basketball?
 Could you imagine making that much money? I was very surprised!
 He is a smart boy. I heard that he accepted a 90 million dollar deal from nike.
 Oh my goodness, well there definitely would be some mental issues if he lets them drink at that young of an age! Seems like he's an avid drinker because he gave up wine for two weeks in preparation for the Lakers but commented that it made him want wine even more. Or did the article misspell whine
 Yeah maybe it's his plan to emulate his knowledge about wines and that he has a wine brand in the works and so is trying to create an image but considering that he makes $90 million from endorsements with nike, I don't think he needs it.
 Oh that's true, that's the reason NBA players refuse to shoot like that because it looks stupid. If they wore Air Jordan's, they'd probably still look funny, but Nike just might be willing to pay the players for that just like they agreed to pay the fine each time they were worn during the ban upon their introduction.
 Yeah, otherwise they'd be spending much more for marketing. Probably also because of this ban and players wore them, they got even more free publicity!
 Yeah. Success and money seem to follow LeBron... Did you know that his old high school used to charge upwards of $120 per ticket to see him play? Amazing.
 Wow, so people were crazy about him even before he got to the NBA, I heard he rejected a $10 million deal from Reebok once
 He is a hall of famer and one of the best players I have ever seen, did you hear about the kid that got the dunk shot banned from college basketball for more than a decade
 Hi, do you follow NBA?  Did you hear that physicists proved shooting "granny style" is the best technique to score points on the line?
 Not sure but Tim Duncan of the Spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for 4 years instead of going to the NBA.  I wonder what impacted his decision.
 If my mom said to I would.  NBA player Iverson singed a lifetime endorsement with Reebok in 2001 paying him $800,000 a year until age 55 then he would receive $32,000,000.  I hope the shoes are comfy for him
 I would do it.  I'm wearing Reeboks right now.  Reggie Miller nba hall of famer couldn't escape his sisters shadow while in high school because she outscored him 105-40
 Did you see space jam?  Lebron James signed a new deal for a sequel.  
 Did you hear that people couldn't use the dunk shot in college basketball for over a decade?
 It was banned after Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's dominant use of it.  Did you know that 39/50 states pay a college football or basketball coach the highest state paid salary?
 Still speaking of basketball, Lebron James was offered $10 million from Reebok and rejected it at age 18!  Less than a year later he accepted $90 million from Nike
 He definitely is! He's going to get a 32 million dollar payout when he turns 55, that's crazy!
 Yes his sister was really talented, he thought you broke a record one day and she actually broke more on the same day LOL
 Yeah I love that story! I also love how Allen Iverson makes like 800 grand a year from Reebok too, he's just loaded in general
 Oh I didn't know that. That is sad. What do you think about Tim Duncan staying In college for four years instead of just going right into the draft?
 You seem to know a lot about the NBA. Did you know that Air Jordans were initially banned and that Nike had to pay a fine each time they were used on the court?
 Did you also know that granny style is the best way to shoot a basketball? You think that top players will ever use it in actual game snow?
 That sounds interesting actually, kind of like the basketball court on top of the Supreme Court building haha
 I do, but the Wizards are bringing me down here.  I mean, how could they lose by 19 to the Bulls?
 I hear you. Can you believe the highest paid state employee in 39 states is either a football or baseball coach???
 OMG....I had no idea. I think skilled workers need to get credit also not just these popular people. Imagine a world without plumbers? cleaners? There are many other people who don't get enough credit.
 Ii can't believe Klay Thomas spoke out in the name of unity. 
 Probably a little of both.  According to ESPN it was pretty intense.  
 I suppose they thought they would give an unfair advantage. Jordan didn't obey them and wore them anyway. 
 Huh, I guess that makes sense since Nike's always ahead of the game. Reminds me of when LeBron turned down the Reebok deal for 10 million dollars, and then Nike offered him 90 million. They're good at attracting the superstars. 
 I'm not a big fan of LeBron. He didn't live up to the Lakers hopes. 
 Wow, if you lose the support of a terrorist group -- doesn't get much lower than that. 
 Yeah, that's some poor money management.  Right now he's beating Judge Judy who gets $123K per episode. 
 Doh! Bet he wishes he had that back.  Money, money... In 39 of 50 states, the highest state employee is a college football or basketball coach. 
 Seriously?! It's crazy that college coaches get paid so much, while the athletes don't make any money. Before Tim Duncan joined the Spurs for guaranteed income, he chose to keep playing all 4 years in college despite an NBA offer. Pretty risky move! 
 I went into the wrong like of work.  I could do free throws "Granny Style" and maybe get an edge.  Physicists proved it has a higher percentage -- just looks goofy. 
 I am, I like the mid 90s players. Jordan, Iverson, Reggie Miller.
 Yeah it is. I guess they were expecting him to be bigger and didn't want him running off to Nike.
 Get Out got good review too. Apparently Steven King considers Bambi the first horror movie he's ever seen
 No, that's pretty amazing, maybe I should try a horror movie diet to burn calories
 That's pretty surprising 3rd Rock was able to beat out Friends and Seinfeld during their primes
 Yes I think they are thrilling. Its funny how stephen king thought bambi was a horror film.
 yes sad I can agree with. But I wouldnt say I burn more than 180 calories like watching a horror film.
 yea I didnt think it was that popular but apparently in 1997 they won a golden globe beating out seinfeld, frasier and friends.
 Yes those are both classic tv series. It's interesting that comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since strarting in 1989.
 Is that what the new land is going to be? It's going to be Star Wars? That sounds awesome! Also, do you understand Navajo? I guess that Star Wars has been translated into that language
 Really, interesting I didn't know James Earl Jones was the voice of darth vadar. Sounds just like him.
 I did know that. I also know that the only made about $8,000 for the first movie, that sounds like he got ripped off lol
 I think so. Hes a very weathy man now!
 His wife, she helped him make changes.
 yup, she had a lot of great advice, like obi wan dying and re-editing the trench run, without her I don't think those movies would have been as good
 Yeah, I saw him in an interview once. says his secret is he never blinks. lol
 haha thats awesome! maybe I should blink less, but yes Jon Hamm was a former drama teacher and taught Erin from the office in his class
 Yep I agree with you. I also think that Jim Carrey is funny and he makes me laugh. did you know he's never going to make a drama movie ever again?
 I saw that, because of his positive beliefs. lol
 I have heard of that. i haven't watched it. I don't watch TV much. Will look up on the internet. 7% of people read the full terms in service contracts.
 That is shocking! I know that I never read it LOL I'm shocked it is even that high haha. Did you know that there is 3-g service up on Mount Everest?
 I don't remember which ones I saw in theater, and some of them came out before I was born. It's the first major movie to be dubbed in a Native American language, and that didn't happen until 2013
 I heard that somewhere,  Very few remember her but George Lucas is a household name.  Since starting in 1977, the franchise has grossed 65 billion!  That makes it the 5th highest grossing media franchise!
 Mistakes like that are common with some of those companies. I'm surprised James Earl Jones was only paid $7,500 for spending 2.5 hours on Darth Vadar's lines
 He has a unique style of humor in his earlier works that I miss.  Did you know that Michael Caine became an actor because the prettiest girls in school were in drama class?  When I decided to study engineering in the 1980s, that was not something I considered!
 Today, some of my favorite drama actors are female, such as Dames Judy Dench and Helen Mirren.  Did you know that radio drama, before the spread of TV, are online and available for free?  I need to check that out and see if they have Orson Wells "War of the Worlds".
 Yes he definitely was. I never knew it was Italian in origin also.
 Yes how the heck together? At the top of Britain's highest speak no less.
 I would love McDonald's for lunch. Good idea. The brand Cadillac was named after the French explorer who founded Detroit.
 Sure. Rock on and remember your flame-throwers!
 Wow! He's such an iconic part of that series. I would have thought he put in way more work and he should have been paid way more as well. 
 He became the highest paid TV actor for a drama ever for that show. He made $700,000 per episode!
 I also here managers are, to some extent, considered players.  I'd like to see some of those old guys going up to bat, or even pitching.
 You can find simplified version for the less accomplished.  Did you hear about the piano found on top of a mountain in Britain?  Now that is taking a practical joke a long way.
 Even if it were the one on the Hindenburg that is still some effort.
 A total success, with a total value calculated at $65 million for the star wars franchise
 Wow!  I guess I shouldn't be too surprised.  It's so popular, it was the first film that has a native american language dub!
 And did you know there was a lot of influence from george Lucas's wife,she even got an award for editing!
 Those are some pretty good ones!  Maybe had 20th Century Fox known about her editing skills they wouldn't have allowed Lucas to keep the license and merchandise rights to the movie.  They were convinced the movie would be bad, boy were they wrong.
 Good for him, he had to forgo $500k but he managed to keep all merchandising right for himself!
 In the process, he earned billions for himself and along the way, the franchise earned Academy Awards for it's first eight movies!
 Did you know some scenes of "The force awakens"were filmed in guatemala?
 Exactly! It is interesting that Dart Vaders voice was recorded in two hours and a half and Earl Jones got paid $7500
 Such an iconic role.  I wonder if he gets royalties or something.  To think how it has permeated almost everything -- books, tv, video games, even has it's own amusement park rides and shows.
 I think everything is also being famous today because of the internet. did yo know the library f alexandria has a copy of the internet in case internet burns down?
 yes that is pretty crazy to allow, did you know It is illegal to warm up your car in ohio.?
 i know ,right? that is a really good deal he got
 Yes, it turns out George Gershwin used an opera singer named Todd Duncan from that production and really liked him.
 Ha. Speaking of hard work and determination... Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001.  
 That is insane! That is a lot of work! And then you have ABBA who turned down a billion dollars to do a 100 concert reunion tour. 
 Wow, that a lot of $$$  It's kind of the opposite of Pink Floyd recording a live concert in an ancient Roman theatre with no audience and I assume no proceeds.  
 In 2010, Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs. I wonder if that was a free event too? Crazy.
 I wonder if the dogs were in pain... I guess Creed caused some pain.  One of their concerts was so bad 4 people sued them. 
 Yikes. Must have been really bad. I am not sure how the weather is where you are but here it is cold.Thank goodness I don't live in Ohio. Did you know it is illegal to warm up your car? I would die if I didn't have my remote start to warm up mine!
 Yep, snow on the ground here.  I bet it was cold in 2006 when a group of climbers reached the top of Britain's highest mountain.  They found a piano there!
 Maybe Richard Nixon could have played his piano concerto that he performed live on the Tonight Show. I bet that was something to hear.
 Doubt it but it sounds like those cars would be similar to the google's self-driving cars which have an agressive mode!
 Yeah, both awesome! Did you know in Ohio it is illegal to warm up your car in 
 I heard that  a band earned $20000 from spotify for a silent album. What the what?
 I agree that is nuts!  What about NWA Straight Outta Compton? It reached platinum without any support from the radio stations. 
 I have heard that before! I am just amazed at the identical twins from japan that released a rap album when they turned 100!
 Yeah, I heard they had played 324 concerts that year.  Talk about a brutal schedule.  Just because of that successful debut album.  WoW!
 I love the Ramones.  That's a brutal hectic schedule.  I don't know how they accomplished that, I would have been worn out.
 Me too!  I read that a Creed concert was so bad that some concert goers filed a lawsuit.  Maybe they should get them a joB.  lol
 Me either! It must have been pretty bad. lol
 Yeah, the lightening bolt is about 5X hotter than the sun.  Not friendly at all.  Lol
 Ok, if you say so. Lol I've read that the sun has an internal convective motion that generates a magnetic field via a dynamo process.
 Fascinating, just fascinating, I tell you.  I heard somewhere that its diameter is about 1.39 million kilometers, 109 times that of Earth.
 Also it being invented to keep soldiers in their vehicles is not why I would have thought it was invented.
 Not really, they elicit too much fear from me but I do like the thought of the horror movies.
 For sure, he's got such a terrific mind for horror movies, they're not too abstract either.
 Absolutely it was, did you see what Neptune did on July 11th, 2011? It's been so long 
 That's amazing that it takes so long for a revolution, it really shows how far away it is.
 For sure, and the sun is 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy, space is huge!
 There has got to be, the sun is so big and that's just for our planet, it's 330k times the size of ours, and there are so many other suns out there.
 There are so many galaxies that it just truly highlights how small we are. We can't even travel to the closest planet to us yet!
 Not at all, did you know the sun is actually white?
 That's something I did not know, I also did not know that lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
 That is crazy!
 I just bought a Subaru not too long ago. Did you know its legal in south Africa to equip your car with flame throwers?!
 That;s cool, I need some of those for my car when I drive in traffic.
 Yeah, I believe Karl Benz invented the modern car.  Boy, how it has changed things for us humans. Lol
 Mcdonald's added a drive thru in 1975 for the soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while in uniform.
 That makes sense! Though it was intended for lazy people!
 Yea, but my girlfriend hates them. Did you know King was terrified of Bambi as a child?
 I had heard him say that before.  Wow, he must have had a very sheltered childhood, to think Bambi was a horror movie!
 Funny that horror movies can burn over 180 calories!
 Must be from all the shaking and cringing!
 It would be funny if it landed in somebody's living room! It would have done some damage even though it just weighed 356 pounds.
 It was! They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. They must have been exhausted!
 That is pretty crazy about the war part, there are tons of war movies out there, but I guess combined with he super hero part it sets itself apart.
 No I never heard this before what an interesting fact.
 I know, this has really blown out of proportion. I guess this is the society today. They are everywhere too, including animated movies.
 I like him, he seems to be a great player. Did you know he and Warner bros have signed a deal for a space jam sequel?
 I do not know that either. Even in high school he had like 1750 people come and watch him and tickets were over 100 dollars.
 And on top of that raised 6 million dollars for charity when he televised "the decision"
 Ha, ha, ha president banana! Interesting wonder woman was first featured in the lego movie.
 Wow I didn't know that. I do know that Wonder Woman was World War 1 Movie, I think it was the highest grossing one of all time, they should make World War 1 movies in my opinion they're very under-represented
 I agree Wow the inventor of the lie detector test also created wonder woman? go figure
 Yeah that's interesting. Also interesting is that the actress that plays Wonder Woman was in the israili Defense Forces for 2 years as a soldier
 Very, Do you like Meryl Streep?
 I know that's a lot! Didn't know she went to Yale!
 No I didn't know that either! And I didn't know that she was in the 1976 King Kong movie, I like the original King Kong movie, I'll have to check her eyes out
 Yes, Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a PHD.
 No, what? My gosh, 31 golden globe nominations! winning 8!
 That's amazing isn't it! Also she won three Primetime Emmy Awards oh, she just can't stop winning! And yes, Dino De Laurentiis said to his son in Italian "she's ugly why did you bring me this thing" but he didn't know that she spoke Italian and she then replied to him LOL
 So interesting. I just know that she was born in 1949 too, and on June 22nd which is my mom's birthday, it's pretty cool, I'll have to tell my mom that LOL
 Yes! Her son must be a very song writer too! Great chat!!
 They were young too, two 19 year olds, and an 18 year old. One of the boy's mother's was arrested also. 
 That's just crazy to me. They stole over $2 million in jewelry just from Alanis Morissette's mansion and over $500,000 in valuables from Nick Young. 
 It seems they always say that. Let the courts decide! Let's put him on Judge Judy, did you know that she's the highest paid celebrity, only after Lebron James?
 Oh wow, that's insane. Did you know that Pixar studio has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities? I wish I could visit it!
 Apparently, Lebron James rejected $10m offer from Reebok when he was just 18.
 Oh wow, it's a good thing he did though, he signed a massive lifetime deal with Nike. 
 Yup.  He accepted a $90M offer from Nike in less than a year after he rejected the offer from Reebok.
 Can you imagine if Hillary Clinton was VP under Trump?  Apparently in 1805 the runner up in the Presidential Election automatically became Vice President.  People think the White House is having problems now.....
 Yes - President Banana of Zimbabwe.  It would be interesting if he met up with our president.
 Would be surprised to see th first lady live so separately? Maybe because of Trump? maybe she agrees with DeNiro 
 Yea, celebrate the moment!
 Yea, I've definitely heard of her and I shoudl watch the post.
 She was thought to be too ugly when she auditioned for King Kong. Ridiculous!
 The most recent one?
 Oh, weird. Maybe they valued actual acting less back then.
 Oh, the horror! Why is it hard to look away, even when a book is full of gore. This looks fun!
 I've never heard of it. Did you know ET was originally supposed to be a horror movie?
 Yeah, that sounds super creepy! They apparently sent him to a psych ward where he tries to get the staff to help him escape.
 Named after the sandman from traditional children's tales of a sandman who comes at bedtime to toss sand in children's eyes to put them to sleep.
 Haha. He says he wonders if that was some kind of slang. 
 I also find it hard to believe that there wasn't a single person involved in filming the original exorcist that thought it would be considered a horror film.
 What? Does it say what kind it was supposed to be?
 No, but I'm not sure what other genre it would have fit. Thanks for chatting!
 Yeah, I bet. Although I've heard you can burn 180 calories watching a horror film.
 Yeah. Maybe they were afraid the internet burned down.
 ya I hope so, I guess Kim Jung Un learned to drive at the age of 3, that's kind of impressive haha
 haha well that is the onion for you haha, can't believe China believed that was real, also crazy is that we don't know how old he actually is, you'd think our intelligence would figure that out
 ya that could cause a big disaster, weird that in their media, the north koreans call him "the Marshall" and not something like president or emperor
 I know he's been the leader since 2011.
 I recently read that he started driving at age 3 haha,  can you even reach the pedals at that age?  I wonder what the driving age is in North Korea.
 Not sure. He is often called the Marshal.
 I see.  Did you know Forbes magazine ranked Kim the 46th most powerful person in the world in 2013?  That is crazy and scary. 
 What is the onion? 
 I guess the Asian countries. Speaking of leaders. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I like the fun fact that they dont know how old Kim Jong Un is lol 
 That is crazy. Speaking of crazy. Did you know the guest house is bigger than the white house 
 I did!  That is weird,  I wonder why it needs to be so big. 
 That would never fly nowadays lol hillary and trump would not make a good team lol
 I like it. Did you know Ant man made his marvel debut before spider-man, hulk, thor and iron-man
 I read that recently,  but where?  Like in comics?  
 hmmm I never noticed that.  Ill look for it next time I watch it lol nice chatting 
 Interesting - I wonder who they are and what era they're from.  Not that I'm very familiar with Country as most are, but I'd have a hard time naming any African American artists...
 Hootie!  Big golfer too - big hitter!  I bet one of the HOF inductees was Charlie Pride.  After racking my brain, he is the only African American country star I can come up with 
 Radio and radio waves a fascinating in that they are all around us, and free for the most part - you have to have the receiver to decipher the signal but it's possible, as you say, to create your own radio from spare parts.  Amazing! 
 I've heard JJ makes a mint, but I've never had time or the time slot to be a regular watcher of her show.  I know the format from Judge Wapner back in the day.  Someone must be watching - a lot of people!!!
 Yes - I didn't even think about that demographic.  Great chat - have a great day!
 Sounds mysterious. Did you know the Celebrity status is often associated with wealth?
 I didnt know that! Judge Judy would know all about that with her 123k per episode! 
 I didnt know that! I liked robin williams as genie in Aladdin! i didnt know that started the trend though! 
 oh, what kind of fights? Funny to know that ive heard of George strait for a long time but never knew he was cousins with jeff bezos. 
 I would want to go with who is the best singer in that game! I wonder how much they get paid per episode? less than Judge Judy i bet. 
 I hear it on the radio. Do you know that a canadian law requires at least 40% of the music played to be Canadian!
 I did hear about that. I wonder if there are a few black Canadian country singers? 
 Yeah I like it too. Did you know George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins?
 I guess a lot of people listen to country music so yeah. henry ford was afraid jazz was going to take over
 I do not know, it is not like the money was going to change people's preference, I do not think at least
 that is sad though, music should be about uniting people and celebrating everyone
 A little bit of everything. Did you know that if you tune to AM you may catch Jupiter's storms?
 that sure is. I wonder what channels they had access to through those radios?
 haha true. I wonder how many listeners they have, considering it is a dead language
 Hello! Yes I do. I am not a fast reader though. The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones with 4700 words per minute!
 No I didn't realize that happened? I wonder why? I loved Lord of the Rings by Tolkien. Both him and Cs Lewis had a competition of "you laugh you lose" when reading terrible poetry.
 Yeah it is worth watching! I also like cars. The trunk of a car got it's name because in old cars it was actually a wooden trunk!
 Yes that's true. It was only in 1975 that McDonalds added a drive thru. Now they are everywhere!
 True. So much to thank them for but did not know drive thrus were one of them! I also didn't realize Cadillac was named after the french explorer who founded Detroit.
 Yeah that is so surprising and hard to believe! In 2014 the number of cars was over 1.25 billion. That is unbelieveable as well!
 Yes me too! Swimmin is a good exercise! The USA is the best at it, with almost as many gold medals as the rest of the world combined!
 No, that sounds hard to do.  Must be in good shape to do that.
 I didn't know that about the drive thru, but look at what it has done for the fast food industry. A winner for everyone.
 Omgosh! Really? That's amazing. I heard that an american won 6 medals...with a wooden leg! How amazing! Nobody else with a prosthetic limb tried again for 100 years.
 Wow! That's very impressive. I'm going to have to look that up and see if there is any imagery out there. 
 I don't really, how about you? I think as Americans we are the only ones who call it soccer. Soccer was slang for association football.
 That sounds like an interesting variation of the game, I am a fan of the sport but that's new to me
 I guess I am probably missing out. Soccer makes more money than all other major sports combined.
 Yeah, apparently he has a mohawk and legs. 
 Yeah! I found that fact interesting as well! I had no idea that there was any place on earth that's free of snakes.
 That is such a wonderful thing for Mesut Ozil to have done with their bonus! And who knew that Jon Stewart played any sports, let alone such a popular one!
 Same here, I need to fit into jeans or companies can employ Old Navy tactics where they market size 41" waist jeans as 36", I'm only a size small!
 That and I imagine the friction of the thighs against the saddle would hurt a lot!
 So that means I do not need to lose fifty pounds to fit in those skinny jeans might even cause a heart attack or worse loss of limbs! 
 Oh that's true, still can't believe Trump will go down in history as a president of US, he deserves a nickname like President Banana or something which is what the president of Zimbabwe is called.
 Sounds cool, I'd like to mount some on my car for my daily commute in traffic.  Lol
 True, I reda somewhere that Google's self driving cars have an " aggressive" mode.  That sounds kind of unsettling and unnerving to me.
 I heard when Audi entered the Indian market they had to create a new horn to withstand the constant use.  I can't even imagine.  I'd def need that flamethrower, I'd light them up!
 Hey, he's got some skills, that's alot of people.  I'll be glad when Winter is over, I live in Ohio and it's illegal to warm your car up here.Been freezing my ying yangs off here, lately!
 Oh, wow.  I'm going to go South when I retire.  Getting too old for this.  If I could be like that man in NewYork and find alot of classic cars in an old barn that are worth millions, I could get there sooner!
 Yes, a s amatter of fact I do read quite a bit.  I find Amazon's new font called " Bookerly that was specifically designed to be easy to read on kindles,to be just that. Reading is a breeze.
 Wow, that's interesting.  Haven't heard that before. Founder Jeff Bezos is a billionaire, so anything is possible, I guess?
 I've heard that before, but I have never gotten a package on a Sunday.  Well, anyway, it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon, friend.  Get out and enjoy your Florida sunshine and know that I'm jealous!  Enjoy the rest of your day.
 Same here. It was very sad. He was lucky to live all the way to 94. I was surprised to learn he was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas before moving to Paris, LA and NYC. He's truly been everywhere!
 That's a good question. I wonder if it's still there! You know, speaking of pianos, they built an aluminum grand piano thag only weighed 356 pounds for the Airship Hindenburg lounge. That is so light!
 Doing good!  Yeah, the song was recorded by a fellow named Bob Dorough.  It's one of those songs lots of people know but don't know who sings it.  :)  They say he know mainly plays at bars.
 Wow, you know more about this than I do!  :)  Speaking of such, do you ever listen to jazz?  That's the type of "serious" music Bob plays.
 They say a lot of jazz trumpeters grow goatees because they provide comfort while playing.
 Speaking of pianos and stuff.. did you know Freddy Mercury composed Bohemian Rhapsody on the same piano that was used for "Hey Jude"?
 Hey you too!  Have a great evening!  Hope the weather's good where you're at!
 Really?  I just always assumed that was a representation of what was worn back in the day.  I always thought the British invented trousers but I've heard recently that it was actually someone in East Asia.
 They didnt? I thought they invented them too, you know a judge sued a dry clean business for more than 67 million just because they lost his pants.
 Could be, but it seems a bit excessive after all a small business doesnt have that kind of money, and that law is absurd lol
 I didn't know that. Trump isn't among the richest presidents? That sure is surprising!
 Yeah, it must be a day for slacker planets and stars... The sun does like to boast that it can produce enough energy in 1 second to meet the needs of the Earth for 500,000 years.
 Ha.  I really need to go to S. Africa and get my car fitted for a flame-thrower.  It's legal there to prevent carjacking.  
 I think the sun would be happy to help.  I didn't realize IMDB was owned by Amazon.  I better check, Bezos may own me.  
 I know, I feel alot of adults need to watch School house rock and learn a thing or two.
 I was surprised that the rapper, Tupac Shakur went to the Baltimore School of Arts where he studied ballet, acting, poetry, and Jazz. That's wild.
 Jazz seems to be the root of a lot of modern music. It is really cool that such a well known artist studied it for his craft. 
 Yes, it is.  I read somewhere that Jazz great Ella Fitzgerald had taught herself to sing two notes at once by the age of 18.  That's impressive.
 Wow. Jazz has really given us some of the most influential and amazing performers to come out of any genre of music I think. 
 Yes, it has.  On a side note, the Walter White character from the show, Breaking Bad, is alo the name of a jazz musician who has a new album entitled," Breaking Good."  How cute is that?
 That's so true.  Did you know Richard Nixon wrote a piano concerto and played it live on the Tonight show?
 Wow I wouldn't have expected that from Nixon!
 Who is that with? Steve B.? It is the largest internet retailer.
 That's right! I could picture the cover but not the person. Imagine having your name on a building at amazon. All for $30.
 The USPS has nothing else to do on Sundays so why not! They also own IMDB. 
 Yeah. That's sad... Can you imagine walking between 7 and 15 miles every day?
 The car brand cadillac was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit.
 possibly what Redford is driving to get away from the bank!
 Really? That is surprising to hear! In 2014 it was estimated that the number of cars was over 1.25 Billion! I wonder how many more there are now!
 Yeah unfortunately they couldn't agree on something. There are several important summers during the year. One time at a summit in Brisbane the leader of Russia told the Canadian prime minister to get out of Ukraine.
 Yes I agree. Certain organizations like Facebook is already using AI to understand user emotions, identify objects in photos, and predict user actions.
 That's a very good point you ask. I think they would likely choose the option that most humans would do. Even celebrities are getting in on artificial intelligence. Kristen Stewart the twilight actress co-authored a paper about it.
 Good morning!
 Good! Yourself? Have you watched anything good on TV lately?
 I watch the simpsons every sunday night! Is Sherlock good? My kids always made me watch pokemon.
 I thought those were the same thing. There are too many award shows haha. It's funny how George Lucas's wife has won an oscar and he hasn't.
 That is funny. They may be the same thing! I don't watch them! Who all got oscars this year?
 Nice chatting with you! 
 Hello, lets talk about television. There have been a lot of pokemon episodes made, more then 750 total.  
 Wow! I wonder who has time to watch all of those.That is 50 a year for 16 years straight!
 Days like these in the UK which was a remake of the 70's show verbatim was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 interesting, Alec Baldwin has narrated Thomas the tank engine more then 52 times. 
 Apparently so have george carlin and ringo starr. That is a lot of people for one character!
 yes, the Simpsons crew sent flowers to south park when it aired its family guy episode. 
 Lets talk about the Academy awards next. It was first hear don the radio in 1930 and then on TV in 1953.
 The most Oscars won by a man is held by Walk Disney, he won 22 times. 
 The movie Blazing saddles was nominated 3 times , I don't know if they won any of them. 
 wow , Lets talk about the sun next. The sun is not yellow , but white.
 The sun is hot, but a lightening bolt is 5 times hotter then its surface. 
 But the suns core is probably much hotter, it is where hydrogen fusion occurs.
 In one second the sun can produce enough energy to meet the needs of earth for 500,000 years
 And the sun lasts for over 5 billion years. That is a lot of tiem!
 There are many stars that a larger then the sun, some are 1 billions times its size. Nice talking to you today 
 ya I follow it a bit, did you know baseball managers can actually play for their team if required?
 ah ya I would laugh to see that, kind of silly in canada that kickball is called soccer-baseball, doesn't roll of the tongue haha
 nope cant say that I do, I do know that baseball is crazy popular in Japan though
 ok I'll check it out! and ya apparently theyre shocked baseball is the nation pasttime of America
 I was shocked to learn that up until 2005, a married couple created the schedule for all the MLB teams.
 ya I do on the way to work, did you know that you can make a radio out of a pencil and razor blade?
 haha good point, ya its called a foxhole radio, no idea how it works but it sounds crazy
 I agree it would be nice to find such a grand amount.  I have caught a couple balls and have them signed by the players. 
 I did know that actually, America's past time!! I find the name soccer-baseball funny as in Canada that is what they call the game of kickball.
 Not all together, no.  But better regulations.  The shooter now credits the assistant principal with saving students lives as well as his own.
 Yes it is.  It has latest a long time.  Also, there is only one simpsons episodes where Bart was not seen or mentioned.
 yes it is.  Walt Disney still holds the record for moat oscars won by a man.  He won 22. 
 Yes he was.  A true innovator.  Also, Daniel Day Lewis has won 3 oscars for best actor.  He is the only won to have won three.
 I never thought of that.  I find it funny that Eminem has more oscars than leonardo decaprio, johnny depp, will smith, George Lucas, and bill Murray combined.
 good how have you been? do you watch baseball?
 Yes. did you watch the superbowl?
 HA! That's not a lot. There's no rule for females not to play.
 maybe because they could make more as an engineer.
 soccer-baseball
 Wow. That's not an easy name to say. Seems like it could be more efficient.
 It is all physics. DO you know any latin?
 A celebrity only john?  That could very well be true.   After all, they have seriously big egos.  its been good chatting with you...
 Yeah. McDonalds added the drive thru in 1975!
 You talking to me? You talking to me?!
 I did not know that Youtube is the second largest social media.
 It is? I didnt really think of YouTube as a social media site, although it did began as a dating website.
 I love to watch vlogs. They make me want to plan on a future trip.
 John Cena was a WWE wrestler. Now, he has awesome hair due to the upcoming movie with Jackie Chan.
 That's even better than I heard...I thought it was 1/1000. I guess that many views is hard to get, though. I heard YouTube started as a dating site.
 The only thing I remember from it was she thought at Wal Mart you bought things for walls like wallpaper and paintings. I heard non celebrity Justin Bieber was kicked from FaceBook just for sharing the celebrity name! Bad!
 That is a lot of money!! she must be crazy rich, did you know Pixar has a secret room that is visited by celebrities 
 I agree. Wikileaks once published the government's plan to shutdown Wikileaks.
 I agree. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?
 I did not know that. I have heard they censor a lot from their people.
 I agree. A man in France once impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice.
 I think so too. In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.
 Did you know the trunk of a car got its name because older cars used to have wooden trunks in them?
 I've heard that too. It's legal in South Africa to equip a car with a flamethrower.
 That is a lot of aliens
 I wonder how the government allowed it twice! Maybe they were in a shutdown
 I am definitely a gear head. I wish I was as Lucky as a man in New York who purchased some property and found a barn full of classic cars
 That pretty cool. I use to play that game when I was younger
 Im surprised cars took longer to replace horses outside of the use 
 Haha I feel you on the losing hair haha. I guess humans are adapted for long distance running. They have some of the best stamina of any animal. That's really interesting
 I think you're right. the first anatomically modern humans were found in the fossil record about 300,000 years ago. So that means that we had anatomically correct humans at about 300,000 years ago that were still covered with hair haha
 It's very interesting that there is a sound that does that. Also interesting that humans lost their ability to synthesize vitamin C. I wonder if that could be fixed with gene therapy or something
 Haha I think that must have been what happened. Also humans can regrow ribs? That's insane
 Yep dogs are really cool, they come in all shapes and sizes and colors haha. I love that dogs are called, Man's Best Friend haha
 Isn't that wacky! Dogs can apparently donate blood at dog blood drives too! I hope they get treats afterwards!
 Yeah I don't like needles. That's good to know because I'm also a dog person haha. Also good to know is that dogs are not actually colorblind, they can just see less colors as compared to humans
 That would correlate with a general population expansion.  So, I am guessing that the two are probably the result of some sort of environmental change.
 Who knows.  There's been a lot of evolution over time.  Development of an enzyme creation may be as likely as the development of manual dexterity.
 I grew up "knowing" that dogs were color blind.  It was a surprise when I first learned that they aren't actually.
 Not sure, I was reading about Trump's stance on NATO and how he's trying to put Germany and other countries on notice for the harm they are doing to NATO.
 I'm not sure about that even if the US does interfere in too many countries, the functions exercised by the president varies according to the type of government we have which is a semi-presidential republic, I think.
 Oh really, I didn't know that, yes please be careful with that, you don't want secret services getting the wrong understanding.
 Wow I never thought about, I have no idea. I way look into that Hahaha.
 I think that is totally crazy!!
 I wish I worked for them! I wonder how many workers bring their dogs to work. 
 They are.  315,000 years so since modern homo sapiens started showing up in Africa.  That is mind boggling to even conceptualize!
 Haha, not to mention the sound frequency that causes us to feel fear.  Another factory defect!
 It is an urban legend that they are color blind!  Dogs along with elephants are the only two animals that instinctively understand pointing.
 Same here. I always assumed they were always around. Kind of like trunks. I had no idea old cars had wooden trunks in the back which is why we call our trunks "trunks" today!
 Oh, that Jann Mardenborough? Isn't that crazy? That takes serious talent to be able to beat 90000 people on Gran Turismo and then become a pro racer because of it. Speaking of pro sports, are you into tennis at all?
 Yah, sounds like you do not live in South Africa, they have those to prevent carjackings. Elon Musk is South African and he made flamethrowers, super interesting!
 There was. Never knew how stuff gets named like that. The drive-thru was invented to make it more convenient for soldiers to come through.
 For sure, luckily they did not have to dry the grass with a helicopter either like they did in 1969!
 For sure, do you travel a lot?
 I thought about that ha, run up a bunch of debt and just go there, why not? YOLO right?
 In some countries using ethanol mix as fuel which reduce the environment pollution.
 Hello,  do you like drama Tv shows?  Did you know Michael Caine joined drama class because cute girls were taking that class lol 
 I havent seen it yet,  but I hear it is amazing!  Have you?
 Yeah, not only a good voice but a talented actress, A Star is Born has a nomination at the Golden Globes but surprisingly as a drama and not a musical.
 Oh yeah its hilarious!  It won a golden globe in 1997.  Its been fun chatting. 
 True. Sadly, more than 80 percent of the forests have already been destroyed.
 That will be interesting to see. When earth was formed a day was less than six hours long.
 I know, then we will maybe have more time as we always say how the day is sort to get things done. The UN even  assigned an abassador to deal with extraterrestrials if they exist and make contact.
 I wonder too. We are only a bit more than a minute in the enture history of earth
 Yeah, I really like it. Even Bruce Lee was a dancer
 Yes they work so hard. They go through four pairs of shoes in a week.
 He must have, if he danced ballet. Michael Jackson being so popular for his dance moves even had a patent on it.
 Yeah for sure. Babies apparently dance when they hear music and smile when they hit the beat.
 Agreed. Maybe they will meet one day at the G 20 summit. At on G 20 summit, Russia gave delegates and heads of state a thumb drive and phone chargers containing viruses. Very sneaky.
 Yeah Putin is always planning something. He even once shook the Canadian prime minister's hand but later told him that he needs to get out of Ukraine!
 Yeah pretty funny. Apparently North Korea has theme parks but they're undergoing renovation of course at the orders of Kim Jong-un.
 Not sure on that one. Did you know that in 2010 the global tiger initiative summit in Russia pledged $330 million dollars for tiger conservation? 
 There's even a tiger summit, I didn't know that! At the Brisbane G20 Summit, Putin expressed his true self when he told the Canadian prime minister as he shook his hand "I guess I'll shake your hand, but get out of Ukraine", I wonder how the Canadian Prime minister responded, how would you respond?
 I would have been extremely mad lol. Apparently, the tiger summit was the first time a gathering of world leaders was put together to discuss the fate of a single species other than humans.
 Not sure on how the money was delegated. Switching gears a bit, did you know the only US president with a PHD was Woodrow Wilson? 
 I'm surprised he is the only one. That would be a bad nickname lol. 
 I wonder if Trump is on the list of the most wealthiest? 
 Probably just as entertaining as Kim Jon Un, he learned to drive at age 3, but when you're the own boss of the country and the laws, I guess it could be safe and legal.
 Yea he is a unique leader. I didn't know that 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.
 Me neither, Kim Jong Un was voted most sexiest man alive, I wonder if there was coercion involved for that publication by The Onion.
 I don't know.  I think they make other money on the side.  Like Allen Iverson, who signed an endorsement contract with Reebok for $800,000 a year.  That's quite a lot!
 That sounds funny, Tupac dancing in something like the Nutcracker.  Bruce Lee was apparently also a dancer, winning a hong kong cha-cha championship.  I think Bruce Lee won a lot of awards; he seemed very competitive.
 Maybe if they shot granny style that would make it more interesting. That is the proven way to consistently score points.
 Haha. I wonder why Air Jordans were banned when they were introduced to the NBA. Did they provide an advantage or something? Jordan wore them anyway because he knew Nike would pay the fine for the game.
 Oh, those were hilarious. Speaking of shoes, Allen Iverson has a lifetime Reebok contract where he gets paid $800000 per year until age 55 where he will get a lump sum of $32,000,000.
 In high school his sister kept bettering all the records he had achieved. Good thing he stuck with basketball though and didn't get discouraged.
 And she had broken eight national records!
 I think that's smart, to have a backup plan! He did the full four years.
 Yeah pretty cool - I don't understand how you get a radio out of that
 During the g20 summit, Putin shock the Canadian Prime Ministers hand the latter said I guess i'll shake your hand but i have only one thing to say, you need to get out of Ukraine. Wow!!
 Yeah, that's quite amazing. Russia is not a very nice country though, did you know that during a g20 summit they gave delegates & heads of state thumb drives & phone chargers containing trojan viruses that were 'capable of illicitly picking up computer and mobile phone data'. That's a scary thought.
 No, I can't. It's kind of curious, until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president, so with that kind of logic, Hillary Clinton would have been vice president.
 I agree. He said that his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that are not positive. So he's done with dramas now.
 They actually beat out my other favorite show, Seinfeld! 
 I know it, right! That's insanity!! They also beat Friends and Frasier in the 90's. Ha.
 I'm doing good - thanks. Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a TV drama?
 Me either. it says he makes $700,000 per episode.
 I agree lol. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system.
 I agree. I'm not a huge fan of any of his drama movies.
 I love that movie! Did you know there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free?
 It sounds like a pretty cool site. Michael Caine became an actor because all of the pretty girls at his school were in drama class.
 HAHA - agreed! Jon Hamm taught drama class at his old high school and even had Ellie Kemper as one of his students.
 I believe so. Did you know Nintendo could display in only 54 colors?
 They definitely have. Nintendo was discontinued in Japan back in 2003.
 I also like sitcoms like Seinfeld. Did you know 3rd Rock from the Sun beat out Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier to win the best comedy series in 1997?  I barely even know what 3rd Rock from the Sun is!
 Small world!  Here's something funny:  Ronald Reagan got turned down for a movie role because an executive didnt think he looked presidential enough.  LOL
 I did! I actually have met Bill Nye. He's from my hometown. Very nice guy. But I don't think he looks like Steve Martin at all!! 
 That's funny because even back in the 80s Steve Martin looked middle aged.  I guess it's the white hair.  He looks exactly the same now LOL
 I heard about that. I wonder if they will bring back Michael Keaton for an encore? 
 Yeah, I almost was able see Spiderman which was an expensive play, but they shut it down before I could go. 
 yeah, it was good. I only saw a few seasons though. 
 Hahaha, really? That's funny! I find it interesting that the comedy tv show 3RD Rock From The Sun won a golden globe over Seinfeld...Friends and Frasier. Crazy! 
 yes. He only became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class
 We watched that  a few months back, I thought my son might not get it,but he really liked it.  It funny how these comedy actors often end up in serious roles.
 I suppose you never really know how life is going to make a change based on a small event, like Bill Nye because of his likeness to Steve Martin.
 Video games can be very entertaining. The original Nintendo came out when I was a kid. Since you're not a gamer you might not realize it was discontinued here in 1995 so it lasted a lot longer in Japan.
 Neat! Most kids today won't play the old games anymore. They have newer forms of entertainment. Anyway it was nice talking with you. I have some errands to run.
 did you know baseball managers can actually play if need be?
 I understand that is why they wear uniforms.
 I heard that is was a married couple, so a total of two people!
 yeah and they scheduled 2430 of those
 Yes. Many Japanese are not even aware it is America's pastime.
 yeah, all about perspective. did you hear about that guy that found his grandfather's baseball cards?
 Yes.    He ended making a small fortune.    Three million dollars or so from that discovery.
 Yes.    They probably could not do that in Canada, since the law requires all programming to be 40% Canadian.
 Yes I follow the NBA from time to time. I have a hard time picking my favorite team out of the 30 though, but I think it would be the Pistons, what about you?
 That is a lot!  Especially since it lasts until he is 55 and then he gets a 32 million lump sum
 That is the only way I can make a basket!  Would love to see a NBA player do it but they will not because it looks stupid
 laugh It might not help you with the girls though - Reggie Miller had that problem  - his older sister overshadowed him at every step
 Was he a nice guy? Apparently he stayed in school got his full degree instead of just going into the draft, that's pretty ballsy
 wow he sounds like a really cool guy. do you like any dramatic actors by the way? Michael Caine sounds pretty cool, he started acting just to meet girls haha
 Oh man, that's crazy. 
 I heard they were remaking Space Jam - yet another rewriting of my childhood, but I'm sure my kids will love it!
 That's pretty shocking. I know he's such a big character that there would not be many but with as long as it's been on I thought there would be more than one. 
 I know! The show has been on for so long, and there are so many episodes! Probably even more episodes than Pokemon. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?
 I had no idea. That's so many! I didn't realize it had been on long enough for that. 
 It is. They have also had Alec Baldwin and Ringo Starr narrate. Those are some big stars to come in and do voice work. 
 Wow! That is some star power! Those guys are big celebrities. Did you know Robin Williams in Aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films?
 It is shocking! Tom Cruise must have plenty of money though. I heard that in 2007 he spent $10 million on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens. That's a lot of money!
 I don't know if I'm more shocked that he spent that much money or that he felt that he needed protection from aliens.
 He's an interesting guy, that's for sure. He also threatened Tom Kruse, the guy that invented the hoveround over the usage of his name. That's so strange! 
 And now look at the brand! Everybody is basically wearing it these days huh?
 I agree with you on that one! Steph Curry is an all around good guy. He donates mosquito nets to families in Africa.
 You would think it was the opposite? Oh well money is money. In the last 20 years, only 3 number one picks have won the championship, do you know who they were?
 I bet it is! I think the real money is in drama acting though!
 I think I would be up there if I took the drama class with Jon Hamm haha.
 I agree! Jim Carrey doesn't do dramas anymore because it doesn't project positivity. I would do good at comedy then haha.
 Oh that's right I forgot about her! You know I'd only do drama class if the pretty girls were in it like Michael Caine did!
 I'm the same way. I do watch it from time to time. I admire Tim Duncan for staying in college for four years instead of going directly to the NBA. 
 Yeah.  NBA seems full of self aggrandizing thugs.  Oh well, physicists proved that shooting free throws "granny style" is more consistent. 
 I didn't know a team could make more money by losing.  The Warriors earned about $12M by losing game 4 of the NBA finals last year.
 That's interesting. I wonder if any of that money went to Steph Curry's foundation that donates mosquito nets to protect families in Africa?
 I think it paid off for them in the long run. It was a better deal than the lifetime deal Allen Iverson signed with Reebok. They pay him $800,000 a year until he's 55. Then he receives a lump some of $32 Million.
 Crazy money for a few minutes of work a year.  Most people don't even remember him.  When you watch movies, do you like drama?
 Yeah, something like $700,000 per episode.  I went into the wrong profession...
 I did too. I wish my school had a drama class. Michael Caine joined the drama class at his high school because all the prettiest girls were in it.
 I didn't know Popovich coached the Spurs for over 20 years.
 I didn't realize he's been there that long either.
 No i dont actually.  Did you know Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 lol still an interesting fact though.  How about Nba player allen iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 to where he would then receive a final lump sum payment of $32,000,000.
 Apparently.  Physicists proved that shooting "granny style" is the absolute best technique to consistently score points on the line, but nba players refuse to do it because it looks stupid.
 Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba. however, jordan wore them anyways, as nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 Wow,  awesome,  you collect them. 
 Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba.
 He seems like a good guy,  really focused.  hes been playing since I was in high school! 
 And they are super expensive.  My family has season tickets but I only get to go when she cant find anyone to sell them too lol The golden state warriors earned about $12 million by losing game 4 of the nba finals last season
 Are Rayman is good. It's crazy that Seinfeld has a net worth that is more than Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise combined, because I guarantee that those two guys are already loaded LOL
 Yeah that is shocking. It's also shocking that Tom Cruise spent years learning Japanese in order to be in the movie The Last Samurai, I personally did not like that movie
 Yeah I hate when motion smoothing is enabled on TVs by default, I always change it on my friends TVs, it is funny to me that Christopher Nolan actually wrote a letter to TV manufacturers to tell them not to do this haha
 I had no idea motion smoothing was such an issue in the minds of celebrities like Tom Cruise.
 Wow, 750 episodes of Pokemon sure is a lot. I didn't know they made so many.
 It's hard to believe Judge Judy is one of the highest paid celebrities.
 Pixar studio has a secret room that we can sadly never visit since we aren't celebrities!
 Seinfeld has a net worth of roughly $820,000,000. more than tom hanks and tom cruise *combined*.
 There's only one episode where Bart does not appear! Who knew!
 You don't know what Wikileaks is? Well it's an organization or that you can leaked government documents and they will post it. Anyway the government was trying to shut them down and someone leaked that plan to WikiLeaks LOL
 Yep I agree with you. I think it is mostly desert and that's why. Did you know that Norway gave the Amazon rainforest 1 billion dollars. They wanted to help save it
 Yep I definitely like dogs a lot more than cats. I think cats are really stupid. I guess they were first domesticated about 9000 years ago to which is weird
 Isn't that wild. Another reason why I don't like cats haha. Apparently they have cat cafes in Japan where you can get a drink and play with cats. They should have dog cafes, that is more up my alley
 Oh they have a raccoon Cafe LOL I thought you were saying that they should have that LOL. Well anyway in The Godfather Part 1 there's a scene with a cat, and that cat was actually a stray, they just used it in the movie randomly
 You would like Jupiter.  They have really strong AM radio storms.  I wonder if they are required to play local Jupiter music?
 That could be handy for those late night trips to the fridge... There is a town in Alaska that has a cat for their mayor.  His name is "Stubbs".
 Summer break seems so much shorter than I was when I was a kid. I felt it used to last forever.
 Really? Speaking of legalities, in South Africa it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to ward off carjacking.
 I never knew that existed!
 I always stick my head out to double check when I'm in a rental, haha. Speaking of neat features, glad I have a trunk. The trunk used to be just a wooden trunk on the back.
 Wow. In Japan they love baseball too. Many fans are surprised to find out that it's America's national pastime.
 I don't, but what a lucky find! Almost as lucky as the research showing that Pluto is not a planet.
 Speaking of planets, Venus doesn't tilt so it has no seasons. It's the only planet that turns clockwise.
 Jupiter's moon has an interesting name. It's called Ganymede, and it would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.
 Wow, that is funny.  Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms too, because they could also play for their team if there was a need, like if someone was hurt.
 I was a wee one so I always remember it being there.  Did you know the trunk of your car was called that because old cars have wooden trunks on the back.
 Jann Mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo
 Not sure, but strangely they say that Uranus rotates sideways and "rolls" around the sun instead of spinning.
 hmmm that sounds cool id like to see a video of that in fast speed, this says there is a planet where shards of glass rain, which sounds metal as hell
 Interesting. Was he french? 
 Yes who knows. Did you know the trunk of your car is called that because it used to contain an actual wooden trunk?
 I wonder why? I love learning about planets. Since Venus doesn't tilt it has no seasons!
 Interesting. So it actually rolls around the sun instead of spinning!
 Haha no but that makes perfect sense. Baseball is great and is surprisingly popular in japan.
 Yeah, sadly the bar is closing after its five year anniversary party. Seems bitter sweet!
 Yeah I heard all babies can find the beat. I wonder why some of us adults lose that ability haha
 Oh, I thought those leans were unreal but never knew they used machines! I still think he is the best dancer! Tupac was a dancer too, a ballet dancer!
 That sounds so painful! Bruce Lee was also a great dancer. I guess that makes sense!
 its wild that they have a hong kong cha cha championship (that is fun to say!) but I guess the cha cha was a lot more popular in the late 50s. I wonder if I can find a picture of it on the internet. Its great that we have that resource these days.
 yeah, without help of radio play or major tour. That is amazing.
 What??? No way. I mean, they're still not legally allowed to wear pants in Paris, but it hasn't been enforced for decades. Was it enforced until 1993??
 Wow. How could the government pass legislation protecting gov employees from prosecution related to violated the Geneva conventions but make a big stink about women...wearing...pants?!
 Judge Judy is the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James, making $123,000 per episode.
 Oh wow impressive for sure. They also get perks like being able to visit special rooms such as the one in Pixar studio.
 Yeah, I would want to go to a secret Pixar room! So I guess we love celerbrities so much that we have them in children's series like Sesame Street.
 And for voice overs, Robin Williams was the first of celebrity voices in animated films.
 Speaking of helping others, Unicef donates a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone. Not sure how this program works, like if you have to sign up or what.
 That is so good to hear! Yeah good question. The cables carrying phone and internet across the oceans are only 2.7 inches thick.
 Yeah hopefully they don't get disturbed! An iphone is so powerful more so than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Oh wow! Must have been fun to transition to the new stuff! Back when there were phonebooks it was impossible to separate them if they had their pages overlapped.
 New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest to dial on a rotary phone.
 I don't because I get very jumpy, ha. Speaking of kids, the actor from the Shining didn't know he was acting in a horror movie till many years later.
 Oh I am glad because that was a very scary movie and it could have been harmful to him I would think. Watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories, so no need to go to the gym!
 I wonder what's in there?! I love the Pixar movies. I also love horror movies, because they're a great calorie burner!
 I just saw Aladdin on stage. It was amazing. Can you imagine seeing Robin Williams onstage as Genie? That would have been something.
 I wonder how they do that? Do I sign a pledge? Can you believe how small the cables that carry all the internet and phone data across the ocean floor are? Just 2.7 inches in diameter. They say they just lay across the ocean floor, but I'd be worried that sharks might eat them.
 That's hilarious! I think it made his performance more natural, not knowing it was scary. I like when things are unintentionally scary, like Bambi was to Stephen King.
 I like taking my kids to see scary movies because then they are more willing to go to the art museum with me and enjoy it.
 It absolutely is a huge gamble. I can't imagine my parents remortgaging their home to afford to send me to college, especially if I had a full ride to a closer school. 
 I would hope so. A more famous name on a piece of paper doesn't get you a better job, I would think. I would do almost anything for my son, but I don't know about going into crushing debt so he could get Cornell on his diploma instead of FSU.
 They actually spoke about this on joe rogans show on youtube. They watch a clip with the flames coming out of the sides. Do you know which video game turned a regular guy into a professional race car driver?
 LOL thats the plot to the next terminator movie, the day the cars took over.
 Yeah I could see that. I'm just glad that we don't have cars with flamethrowers like in South Africa, that definitely seems dangerous to me
 Yes his name was Jann mardenborough and I wish I had the skills that he has LOL
 Well, that was interesting...I didn't know that it was illegal to equip your car with a flamethrower in South Africa.
 I ask you what are your reasons for thinking this
  Well, you knew that Elaine Herzberg was killed as she crossed a street mid-block along a darkened thoroughfare, Thune said the tragedy underscores the need for Congress to "update rules, direct manufacturers to address safety requirements, and enhance technical expertise of regulators." The National 
 That's true, now I understand about the problem. I had not thought about it that way, although they also know what they believe and what it means to create it, I do not think something like that happens easily.
 They talked about doing away with steering wheels. So, yeah, I really want to ride in that car!
 Not my favorite genre. I see that Stephen King was scared during the movie Bambi. He considered it a horror film!
 Hahahaha! That is funny!  Did you know that the film E.T was supposed to be a horror movie? How funny!
 I know! That is strange, how could they not know...guess their age. It is funny that not one person filming The Exorcist thought of it as a horror film....that movie was scary!
 I loved him! Yes very very sad!!! Did you know Paris Hilton is in the Guinness book of world records for being the most over rated celeb!!! 
 Right! I have never cared for her at all to me, so many celebs are wealthy rather than famous for something specific.
 They do! Love Judge Judy lol. There was a real man on Facebook who's name is Justin Bieber and he was banned from FB....that's crazy!
 Hhahahaa, true! I love office space. There is a YouTube Celeb that makes 346 grand a year! That's just weird how they make so much money.
 True! lol....I turn my phone off at a certain time lol...did you know a 1930s actress helped invent the cell phone? Very strange
 I love it. Did you know baseball managers wear their uniforms in case they have to play? How weird?
 I am a big Cubs fan!  I learned recently that kickball is also called soccer-baseball Canada which is crazy!
 That was so stressful!  One fun fact about baseball I did not know until recently was that until 2005 a married couple was in charge of all the MLB scheduling for 24 years!  Never would have guessed that!!
 Sometimes here in the states we forget about how popular baseball is in Japan.  It is so popular there, Japanese fans are shocked when they here baseball is America's national pastime!
 Oh cool! How do think saltwater fish drink then?
 I think they need to just say kickball like we do haha. Can you believe baseball is more popular in Japan?
 I agree! I'm sure they have American players over there too so they should know haha.
 That is cool. I wonder if any manager has actually stepped into a game to play?
 That is almost like a full time job haha. I wonder who does it now?
 Did you know in South Africa it's legal to install flame-throwers on your car to stop car-jackers?
 haha thats awesome! I could use that in the freezing cold snow I have over here
 thats true, and ya did you know that JP Morgan actually bailed out the USA?
 I know it all ads up, crazy too that the gov. has shut down 17 times in 37 years, thats kind of a low
 Thanks, enjoy your night!
 I dont listen to the radio much either,  not since pandora,  google music and spotify came out lol I just learned that there is a website that plays a lot of radio dramas for free though. 
 lol maybe people who are on a road trip and have no signal.  It could be an old what people did before audible!  haha
 Some stations are still popular,  like the ones that have the announcers doing the sports.  
 What sports interests you?  Did you know baseball managers can play in the game if needed?
 I see.  That is interesting.  
 lol, Ballet dancers must wear out their shoes alot in a week!
 Yes, Wooden trunks is a funny way to name the back of cars.
 Ha, ha, ha, could be? Wow in 1975 soldiers weren't allowed to wear their fatigues out of the car!
 He works in New York? I was just there recently, really big city!
 I did not know that there are 12 different blood types for dogs , and that they  can donate blood at dog blood drives.
 Another odd medical fact about dogs is that they are not colorblind, but they have a lesser color palate than humans.
 Elephants understand pointing too.  It's surprising that dogs and elephants are the only animals that do.
 lol. I actually like a few of their songs, and don't understand why they get hated on so much. I was reading that there are blood drives for dogs, and that the dogs themselves are the donors. I would love to find one in my area, just so I could pet all the dogs.
 I didn't know this very interesting. Also is very interesting to note that Danny the boy from the shining didn't know that he was acting in a horror film until many years later.
 No.  Not in china, syria, north korea, and crimea
 I heard they prefer dogs to cats. It's in their code of conduct
 Even in Canada?
 Haha. Apparently the ending isn't that great though.
 I watched Bambi when I was a child and I remember it being pretty scary! Apparently you can burn calories when watching scary movies though.
 Right. I remember going to Blockbuster, and then getting DVDs from netflix in the mail. How things have changed!
 It sure will. In the nighttime, Netflix accounts for 33% of bandwidth in North America. That is insane!
 Sadly I'm not, I would like traveling a lot better then. At least I'm not in Japan either. All their highways have tolls and it cost more than $300 to travel across the country!
 Yeah they should have! Atleast they didn't attempt to try to buy the Eiffel Tower from a Frenchman who impersonated a government official.
 Haha! They could have beaten James Naismith's teams. Even though he invented the game he is still the only losing coach in University of Kansas history. I guess you can say he got beat at his own game.....alot!
 Did you know that a man in France tried to impersonate a government official, and sold the Eiffel Tower...not once, but TWICE!?
 Wikileaks apparently published the government's plans to destroy, well, wikileaks. That didn't work out too well...
 Wikileaks is good. The government is scared of them.
 Follow sports? I didn't realize that in 39 of the 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or a basketball coach.
 I also did not know until recently that the US Supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor, known as the "highest court in the land"
 That's funny. Given the age of a lot of those Supremes, I wonder how often it gets used?
 The inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is the only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas. Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction!
 One rule that was banned for over a decade was the dunk because of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's dominant use of it.
 It's too bad that they have to travel back to Africa for this and that she lost her job. They may be there for a long time.
 Yep it sounds like it. It's crazy that adoption fees can total almost $30,000, that's as much as a car!
 If you think you would want the kids in a better home instead of in foster care. I guess Boyle said she spent more than $100,000 for the adoption, that's insane
 Yep, its the highest court in the land! Looks like that James Naismith wasn't such a great coach...
 No he was actually losing coach for his university, he should have invented the game differently so that he could win all the time LOL
 Yeah Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just too good at it haha. What do you think about the highest paid employee in Most states being that of the college or football coach?
 I guess they justify it because the sports programs bring in a ton of cash.  I don't know though.  I guess they could always try to sell the Eiffel Tower to pay for it
 I did not. Are they just citizenship fees for the kids?
 I understand they have to take certain precautions but there should be ways to screen would be parents that are faster and less expensive. Sometimes the government is too strict. Did you see when Wikileaks published government plans to destroy them?
 It would. I don't think they have the right to just shut them down, regardless of how they feel about them.
 Cool!  I am curious about them for sure. Since I'm from the US, I should be able to see my fair share unlike the people in New Zealand where there aren't any!
 How about crocodiles?  Apparently they are closer relatives than birds than snakes or lizards.  May it's like that one odd Uncle that we have who doesn't seem to fit the genetic makeup of the rest of the family.
 It did. It was canceled after only 10 episodes! It probably didn't help that the name is really stupid."days like these"
 No I don't like snakes! Maybe I should move to New Zealand. They have zero snakes there haha
 I agree. It's been an age since I've read it, but I remember it being very good. I suppose it's not caused a 'moral panic' like novels in the 18th century did.
 Curiosity, I suppose.  I don't know that I've ever been in the poetry section of my library. But I have borrowed art from there. It's amazing what you can get at a library.
 It kind of feels like a relief, doesn't it? I used to love to check out albums at mine. Now you can get ebooks, which is quite cool.
 Really? thats a great idea,I bet theres a lot of writters there, afterall its a no loss scenario
 Exactly. I wonder if that goes for self published books, or just things published by major publishing houses? Still, if you write a children's book, they buy 1500!
 Imagine selling the book at 15 a pop, that would definetely inspire me to write. they must have a lot of libraries though.
 Me as well! I didnt know that jordans were banned. did you 
 I agree it looks awful! I think that Shaq should have shot that way! His free throw stats were awful! 
 Have a great day! 
 Haha, I would totally watch more basketball if they did that. Maybe Shaq would have better luck if he tried that. He only has one recorded 3 point score throughout his whole basketball career.
 I like the Harlem Globetrotter's tricks. The Washington Generals have played against them 13000 times but have only won 6 games.
 NFL players also have the same issue. 78 percent of nfl players are bankrupt or under some kind of financial stress five years after retiring.
 NBA legend Spencer Haywood was offered a stake in Nike but chose $100,000 instead. If he took the stake, he would have 8.62 billion!
 Haha, they fine for some interesting things. One coach was fined for sayig the NBA shouldn't be playing games on Christmas.
 Hey hows it goin?  Do you like basketball?  
 Hey there! I do but don't really follow it, pretty interesting The Nba was founded in 1946! Been around a long time!
 I know right!  I like watching some basketball,  like if the Warriors are on,  but other than that I do not keep up with it. 
 Me either the Warriors are too expensive. 
 Yeah,  Nike sure does want it's advertising,  I can't imagine how many fines he got while wearing them!
 I did,  I saw it on some show on Netflix.  Very fun fact!  I can;t believe how much energy the sun produces,  everyone should switch to solar asap!
 Right!  The sun accounts for about 99.86% of the total mass of the solar system! We may as well use it!
 That is huge!  Literally,  1 sec from the sun and we will be set for 500 k years
 I heard that too, amazing! but the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the largest star in our Galaxy! I want to know what star that is! 
 I also readd somewhere that Neptune just completed its orbit in 2011!
 I think it was discovered in 1846 actually. 
 Oh that could be hahaha...well a lightening bolt is 5 times hotter than the Sun! That is crazy to think people survive getting hit sometimes.
 I know,  puts a different perspective on peoples situation.  It's surprising that people can survive an event like that. 
 Most don't but the few who do have crazy marks on their body from it, in the news I heard a lady was hit while holding an umbrella and she walked away with no physical injury....probably scared her to death though!
 Wow that's incredible!  
 Omg,  lucky you did't get hit!  It's been fun chatting! 
 oh yes, Kareem abdul-jabbar used it so much it got banned, seems dumb to ban such a classic move though
 Yeah I agree, pretty funny that the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in his teams history though
 Yeah that is shocking, also shocking is the New Zealand basketball team is nick named the "tall blacks" definitely a name that wouldn't fly here.
 ya I love the name of that place, the "highest court in the land" they should settle tied votes with a basketball game!
 Its white!!! So my highschool teacher tricked me all this time!
 haha they did, and yes its just that our atmosphere makes it appear yellow to us
 ya thats crazy, and our sun is only about 1 billionth the size of teh biggest star in our galaxy, imagine how much energy that thing has
 Yes, it's recommended on 3 of the 5 branches of the military.  I  guess it's the branches that fight giant bugs. 
 New York's area code in 212 because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.
 That would be a mess.  People would have to go back to libraries.  There are actually more libraries than McDonald's in the USA.
 Yeah, he studied law in the library until he could prove his innocence 10 years later. 
 Yeah.  It was cool that the PM of UK donated 32,000 books to found a public library -- he moved them on foot. 
 That should keep someone slim.  Despite being high tech they still need people to just walk.  It's amazing to think they were just a book seller about 20 years back.
 I did not, that's pretty interesting. I kinda like the name Minerva though!
 I did not know that. Wall-E was such a cute movie too. That was a good tip of the hat.
 Yep, it's an episode that aired in the 20th season in 2009. It was called "Four Great Women and a Manicure," it explored some historical women and female characters in the episode played as those women. 
 That's interesting considered some of the stuff he's written and directed. but it was a sad movie, I'll give him that. 
 Did you know that watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories? I may have to have a marathon this weekend and skip the gym! Haha!
 Hi,  I look forward to chatting with you!  Did you hear about Disney acquring Fox Television Group?
 Yes, I love Disney.  They are very creative and imaginative.  
 Wow, never knew that. That is interesting!  Bill Nye consulted in Disney's Flubber!  I love Bill Nye shows.  Have you watched him?
 Where are they hidden?  If Fox joins with Disney I wonder if they will have to put Mickey in the horror movie as Iger suggested may happen?
 Speaking of animated characters, do you watch the simpsons?  They were a pretty funny family.  Only one episode didn't have Bart.  
 That was a nice act.  If you watch horror movies, you can burn 180 calories.  I might do that instead of the gym this week.
 yeah probably!  They are quite talented in simulating scary sounds.  I never wouldve thought of eating chicken.  Yeah,  I guess it is common with child actors,  not knowing they are in a horror movie. 
 Did you see the Fox show 911?  It debuted this week 
 I heard about that. Actually likes the American show, I don't know how they messed it up in the UK though haha. You'd think the sense of humor would be about the same
 Yep. Also I bet it didn't help that the name was "days like these", that name doesn't exactly sound too good haha
 I think he deserved it too, the celebration was also expensive almost 400000 dollars in champagne bottles.
 They do? I guess that makes it one of the most popular sports then, its curious how most players end up bankrupt or under financial stress after their careers are over
 The actually built the enclave to live in inside the 25 acre enclosure, that is brave of them.
 Yea, especially allowing Jamie to enter the birthing den, I'd be pretty scared to try that
 That is so true! I see that in the state of Idaho, there is no area that is protected for wolves, in 2014 there was only 650 wolves living in the state. wow.
 Wow, I didn't know that, I will have to look for it.  I watch a lot of Netflix Original Series and Movies, they are getting pretty good at making the movies.
 Well compared to FDR it was way less. Specifically 633 less!
 Thats funny, maybe they updated that picture already, but I have to take a look at that
 Yeah! I love the internet for things like that. The world wide web was invented in 1989 by an english scientist working in Switzerland!
 That is true. Speaking of eating, did you know black swallowers can eat prey ten times its weight and twice its length? It's like how is that possible? 
 Agreed! At least I hope so! Humans have come so far in terms if evolution over the years. It surprises me we lost our body hair only 240,000 years ago!
 Ha! No kidding! But then we'll regrow a rib that's just as strong as the original 2 to 3 months after having it surgically shortened. Now that's crazy!
 Yeah, that's very interesting.  I have not.  For six years in the 1990s, documentary filmmaker Jim Dutcher lived among a pack of wolves in Idaho.
 Yes, they do.  My son did as well.  I didn't realize it.
 I wish I could regrow my 17 year old body. Now that would be something.
 Haha, good question.  84 per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish
 That is beyond interesting
 I disagreed with him a lot- at this point, I would prefer anyone over trump. Even his dogs. It's funny, you can see him on google maps.
 The first President of Zimbabwe is referred to as President Banana.
 The Emperor of Japan is a scientist, and he still publishes.
 Right? That seems like 6 years more than I want to be around wolves for.
 I am a fan of the simpsons but not really the south park. They did send flowers to the south park guys.
 I heard that, I also heard that The Expo's played 22 games in Puerto Rico in 03 and 04 that's a lot!
 Really, that's interesting! I like how MLB coaches wera uniforms just in case they need to play!
 Sorry, meant to say managers...not coaches....but yeah, pretty cool. I would live to have found those baseball cards that man found in his grandpa's attic, worth 3 million bucks!!!
 I believe it was a couple who were married, did it for 24 years! That is a long time! I think I heard that on the radio awhile back. Pretty crazy! over 2,000 games!
 No, have no idea? I was listening to the radio and did you know that Tom Hanks has earned over 8 billion dollars by being the highest paid box office star!
 I guess so. Any chance are you until baseball? Apparently baseball managers are technically able to play in games, never knew that
 $3 million?  That's crazy.  I always checked my grandparents old stuff to see if there were any treasures like that, but alas, none.
 That's surprising, it is called America's past time.  They even have a team in the minor leagues named after the team in the Simpsons - the Isotopes.
 That is a suprising fact just like the man that found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards, he is lucky, I mean what are the odds!
 Did you ever go on the Skywalk at Grand Canyon West?  It is a horeshoe shaped glass-bottomed projection where you can view through to the canyon floor.
 I'm not sure but Papillon the world's largest aerial sightseeing company operates it along with helicopter tours
 The Hualapai tribe which has 2300 members turned the landing zones on Hualapi lands into income for the tribe.  
 yes, some and you?  If you find some old baseball cards, don't throw them away because they could be worth millions.  One man found $3 million dollars worth in his grandfather's attic
 I don't think I have.  John Carter was a monumental flop as well for Disney here in the states, but in Russia it broke box office records.
 I only saw it once and nodded off during it. lol So I don't remember much.  Alfonso Cuaron's movie "Children of Men" lost over 6 million dollars at the box office.
 Isn't that nice to be special?  I have seen seahorse but I did not notice their neck. I did not know that it was the only fish to have a neck.  Good info!  Thank you.
 Wow.  I did not know that.  I learn a lot of facts while chatting with people online.  84% is a very high percentage.  That is totally amazing.
 Yes, I'm hopeful.  On another topic, do you like football?  I am not a fan of the Pats but I admire Tom Brady.
 Let me clarify, I like to fish, but I like the little fishes, too! lol No, I can't say that I have ever caught an immortal jellyfish, though.
 That fish is unusual, it apparently can eat prey twice its length and ten times its weight.
 I would like to do the same but I would be so big! Did you know the difference in how fish drink water? I had no clue!
 Me either!  I didn't know the saltwater fish could drink that salty seawater?  Maybe that's why they taste so good on my plate, already seasoned from inside with salt? lol
 I liked it, but I wasn't all that could.  I sure didn't go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.   Maybe one pair in a year!
 A good coach is worth a lot
 Yes i have heard that before.
 I never would have guessed that. I am more amazed that alan iverson got a lifetime endorsement from reebok that  pays 800000 a year
 yes he made a great deal
 I never knew that, pretty cool. Apparently basketball and volleyball were invented at the YMCA, never knew that
 Lol that's pretty awesome. Are you familiar with Association Football (soccer)? The average soccer player runs an average of 7 miles per game, crazy!
 Really? how does that work? I personally enjoy it when a goalkeeper manages to score on the opponents goal
 Yes it is! Canada is actually the only country with 2 national sports.
 It is lacrosse! I did not know that either.
 Yea back in 1993 and he ended up winning 4 Stanley cups!
 I do. I like the Simpsons. Did you know there was only one episode where Bart did not appear?
 I love South Park. It is funny that when they aired the family guy episode the simpsons sent them flowers!
 His dunk was so dominant that they banned the move in college basketball for over a decade!
 That's nuts, I wonder if that or Shaq only making one 3 pointer in his career is more crazy
 Wow! He's such a legend that I find that very surprising. 
 Yes that's him. Well in high school he was always overshadowed by his sister who also played basketball. She broke 8 national records!
 No but I see them all the time now. Too bad Spencer Haywood choose $100,000 over a 10 percent stake in nike, those air jordans would make him a billionare now
 I guess it worked out in the end, too bad Tim Duncan doesn't have a shoe, instead of joining the NBA right away he decided to finish college instead of earning more money
 He received an amazing endorsement deal with Reebok. He gets $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 yeah... Imagine howmany refs that would take to manage the game!  LOL  Soccer has enough money though for that!
 Yup!  250 million players in 200 countries :)
 Holy cow... that's a lot of money!  I am sure they don't have to do this right here for extra cash!  LOL
 Did you know that more than 80% of Earth's natural forests have been destroyed?
 I believe it is 4.5 billion years old.    Did you know in the early era of the planet, a day was much shorter!
 That's a long long time! I did not know that either about shorter days. I saw that in 2010, the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials.
 I bet they do if they exist. Hard to believe you can hear them on Earth.
 That is an odd law. Soldiers in WWII made radios using razorblades and pencils as the diode.
 HAHA that's awesome! Pink Floyd's guitarist turned a houseboat on the river into a floating recording studio.
 LOL. Brian May uses coins as a pick.
 He is also a smart guy with a phd in astrophysics.
 Wow - that's pretty amazing. I would have never guessed that.
 Yes I agree, he does not always start the season well, like one time he had a record of 0, 5, 1
 I like the rangers. I never knew in most of the world hockey refers to field hockey
 No I didn't know that there were other types of hockey haha. Canada seems really good at hockey though, in the first Olympic Winter Game they actually scored a hundred 32 goals and only let 3 in
 Haha that's a good point. Have you ever been to a basketball game? Apparently a basketball court and then ice rink are interchangeable because they are about the same size
 Yeah that sounds like it could lead to trouble LOL. Also it would be trouble if you play too much hockey, apparently you can lose 8 pounds in a game, you don't want to get sick and lose too much weight all at once
 No I didn't know that either! I also didn't know there's an episode where Bart neither appears nor is ever mentioned, do you think that was a mistake on their part
 Probably not, had to happen sometime statistically. I never knew Daniel Radcliffe did a guest voice in Treehouse of Horror XXI
 wow! It's amazing though, that in around 40 states, that college football and basketball coaches are the highest in pay as a state employee. That's unbelievable to me!
 that's true. but funny enough, Soccer actually brings in more cash than pretty much all others sports put together, including basketball and football. I could hardly believe it!
 Exactly! Not to mention they even go on and do things like insurance commercials too! I found it pretty interesting that the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, was the only coach in the history of the University of Kansas that was a losing coach....and he actually invented the game!
 That is strange. I guess he didn't have the best players. It is interesting though how those who make so much money are happy to use some of it to benefit others.
 It is. You mentioned earlier that Fernando stayed in school instead of the NBA, ironically, the Spurs basketball player, Tim Duncan, did the same thing. He stayed all 4 years in college, instead of straight to the NBA. Not many would do that.
 I would definitely be confused. I didn't even realize until recently that Association Football was actually soccer! Apparently, there are a large amount of Americans who consider 'soccer' to be slang for Association Football, but it isn't what I would think of as a slang term for it.
 ah ya he is a good guy, crazy that Canada has two national sports, hockey and also lacrosse, I only like hockey though
 oh I only watch ice hockey, crazy that one player can lose almost 10 lbs in a single game
 Thats a good workout!. Canada is really good at hockey arent they
 ya they are, I dont know why but they are, they scored 132 goals in the first winter games
 And they only allowed 3 goals the entire competition!
 yup thats impressive! did you know that once a hockey player was traded for a literal dollar, then went further to win 4 stanley cups
 ya I heard they sent the South Park team flowers, thats funny!
 yup, that is a ton, and I guess it makes more than every othe sport combined, thats insane!
 ya thats a nice guy, I want to watch a soccer game with 3 teams taht sounds insane
 Oh really, that's interesting. I'm glad they change the rule that the runner up becomes the vice-president like they did in 1805!
 Ha, ha, ha! Wasn't it banana? My goodness, How would it be to be called president banana!
 Wow!!! I didn't know this. I'm quite surprised to be honest.
 Really, He must be musically inclined! Where the time for that? lol
 I personally believe that the president of that country had a lot of free time in his hands to do that.
 Yeah, I think a lot of people were hurt. Its interesting in 1908 a law passed on the length of hatpins! They were worried the suffragettes would use them as weapons!  That's pretty bad, but today isn't much better these days.
 Hello, do you play the guitar?  Eddie Van Halen plays so loud he sets the amps on fire. 
 I do in fact play the guitar and I love it. I didn't know this about Van Halen but that is awesome!!!
 On stage I would imagine... Are you serious?  Brian May of Queen has a PhD in astrophysics.  Pretty impressive...
 That is very impressive indeed. I heard that Brian May uses coins as guitar picks.
 Yeah, it makes an interesting sound.  Also interesting is that WW I soldiers could make a radio from razor blades and pencils.  I could only make a sketch of me cutting myself with that.
 That is very unique and interesting. I heard somewhere that radio is the technology of using waves to carry information. Is this true?
 I have many... Maybe Frank Black... You? Did you know when the earth was formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long.  I'm still adjusting to the recent time change. 
 No.  I guess it's musical of sorts and a romance movie.  He co-wrote the script and directs it.
 I bet they do! They are always on the move. I saw on TV that a slovakian women's hockey team beat bulgaria 82-0!
 I guess they stated an average goal every 44 seconds! That is just crazy! They probably lost some weight haha
 He was? That's pretty cool. I guess that soccer is the world's most popular sport so many more people play than I imagined.
 Well I hope so, humans have not been on this Earth for very long though, if the entire history of Earth were 24 hours humans would only take up about 60 seconds
 What's interesting though is that when earth was formed a day was only about 6 hours long, now it's 24 hours, I wonder if the days will keep getting longer
 Yep I agree with you. I actually like Latin but I would never listen to news broadcast in classical latin, that seems pointelss
 They still have some catching up to do. I understand the average hockey player loses around 8 pounds in one game. It must get really hot under all that equipment.
 Yeah I have heard that Allen Iverson has a sponsorship with Reebok until 55. That is a lot of money.
 Different people have different talents, Jon Stewart was even a skilled soccer player.  
 I do, its funny how the dunk was banned for 10 years, thats an iconic move!
 oh ya he was great, did you hear about the basketball court at the USA supreme court building?
 haha yup they call it " the highest court in the land" haha
 haha I did, thats another name that def wouldn't fly in the USA haha
 can't say I have a favorite team, I just like the usa, its crazy that over 200 countries all play soccer now
 ya, and I always wondered why the USA calls it soccer, everyone else says football, I guess soccer is slang for "association football"
 ya Ive heard of him, he donated a bunch of money to a childrens charity right?
 ya thats nice of him, did you know Jon Stewart used to play soccer for the USA?
 yup thats him, he played way back in 1983
 Yeah. Apparently it's so that they can stay home, recover, and watch bball!
 Agreed. Smart guys! Shaq scored a 3 pointer only once ever in his career lol!
 Yep. Played by over 250 million people in the world, it is very popular.
 Yes it's so cool. Soccer players run an average of 7 miles per game! 
 Wow! And if you think the superbowl is big, it's smaller than the 3rd biggest soccer event!
 No who is that? Is he a soccer player? Unfortunately Greenland can't join Fifa because not enough grass grows there!
 I do,  but Im behind a few seasons,  do you? Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 I haven't watched it in a while, either. Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker.
 That's amazing! I can't believe Dancing with the Stars has had 27 seasons!
 Pretty cool. Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music. 
 Thats believable!  Babies love music! 
 I have heard that. That's pretty neat! There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
 Wow. I didn't know that. Do you listen to country music? Country music legend george strait and the wealthiest man in the world jeff bezos are cousins.
 I can believe that. U2 opened for themselves at a few shows in 1987. they were introduced as "the dalton brothers from galveston, texas," and they played country music while disguised in wigs and costumes.
 Haha thats a fun fact! Henry ford helped finance the popularization of country music due to his fears over the "urban decadence" of jazz music.
 It has an interesting past and evolution and in many areas (like mine) we have local stars who have not made it big nationally.  I was surprised to see that Henry Ford pushed country music with his money because he feared jazz's  "urban decadence"?  I, for one, like both country and jazz as well as other music genre!
 Same to you.  What has peaked my interest is a website where you can stream classic radio dramas.  I hope they have Orson Welles "The War of the Worlds".  Take care...
 I'm not very good at it. Did you know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer?
 He was a martial artists. Very famous guy.
 I saw he did back in 1958. Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week.
 Thats a lot of shoes, they must spend a fortune only in them, you know that parrots can also dance! how cool is that
 I agree. I didn't know that about parrots. That's pretty hilarious.
 Very cool. Michael Jackson has a patent on one of his dance moves since it uses an object to let him lean very far to the side.
 I did not know that about the moonwalk. Do you know who created it?
 Very surprised. Did you know babies instinctively dance when they hear music?
 Exactly! I just hope we're not signing our lives away. Ha! Well speaking of the internet, did you know Mt. Everest's peak has internet capabilities and 3G cell service? It's like how and why? Ha!
 No kidding! Well speaking of Facebook, can you believe MySpace rejected an offer to buy Facebook back in 2005 for $75 million? Oh, what might have been!
 Indeed it is! Are you also a fan of Sesame Street? I can't believe of all the celebrities out there, Carol Burnett was the first to appear on the show!
 Indeed it was! Another favorite of mine is Judge Judy. Speaking of her, she also happens to be the highest paid celebrity behind LeBron. She makes $123k per episode! That is crazy, isn't it? Well it was great chatting with you as well! Hope you have a nice evening, friend!
 That's right. How interesting that Police have their own Youtube called Blutube. They show law enforcement videos on there. I never knew that.
 That's so interesting. Netflix and Youtube both make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America.
 They definitely make a lot of money that's for sure. Google bought the site in November 2006 for $1.65 billion. I bet they are glad they bought it now,
 Hi. I"m surprised to know U2 did an opening country act.
 Yeah, it's interesting that there's so much carryover between dance and different kind of athletics.
 are you into hillbilly music much?
 This is true, I hope I can visit someday and check put the climate for myself. In the meantime, I will be learning more about the language of wine. Did you know the vocabulary of wine can be perplexing, if not mystifying. So till my Chile trip. I shall start learning.
 I saw that, that's interesting. Its a shame the like button is illegal in the German-state of Schewig-Holstein.
 Lol, I know. I don't get Burger Kings promotion unfriending 10 people on facebook for a free whopper.
 Yes, I agree how can you comprehend at that speed!  It was a moral panic in the 18th century with the spread of reading novels. My goodness that is crazy!
 Well its good to multi-task and getting exercise at the same time! lol  Great chat!!
 No I don't use it that much myself. I just use it to remember people's birthdays LOL, did you ever use MySpace though? Apparently they had a chance to purchase Facebook back in 2005
 Haha that is possible. I wonder why they didn't include the fact, that Mark Zuckerberg is colorblind? That's the reason that Facebook is blue, that should have been something included in the movie The Social Network
 I heard about that. Who would do that for a $2 burger? LOL!
 What do you like about exactly? Like I said, I just can't get into it myself, but I am shocked that so many people in Japan have gotten into it, they are surprised to learn that it's America's national pastime
 That's cool. I could see it being fun if you play, just for me to watch I didn't really like it. Have you ever played kickball by the way? Apparently in Canada it's called soccer baseball LOL
 Did you know that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, golf, hockey, tennis all combined together?
 Ah, Pixar studio has a top secret room reserved for celebrities.
 Maybe - they probably need a top secret room. Many celebrities have to deal with over zealous paparazzi.  
 Did you know that it is legal to equip your cars with flame throws in South Africa?
 Really? I wonder why a car would be named after an explorer. 
 And we never looked back! What would we do without it! I'm sure glad I don't have to ride in a horse drawn carriage.
 I didn't know where it was based. I'd never heard of Emeryville until now!
 It's kind of surprising to me that they aren't based in a more famous location. Cities with big companies like that usually have a sort of celebrity status.
 that would have been cool! I did not know that brand name had to do with the founder of Michigan! 
 Yes I bet is pretty good to prevent car jacking!
 Cool, It is very popular today, and it makes more money than many other sports combined!
 Benz, German cars is the best. I think.
 I found that point really hard to believe to be honest.
 Hi there! How are you? I'm hanging out watching videos on YouTube. It's hard to believe it is the second largest search engine online.
 No, I don't either. His music is better than some. I could never get into the Gangnam video, but I guess a lot of people did because YouTube had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 That's a lot! I think my kids use one or the other 24/7.  It showcases a lot of fun things. Are you a car fan? It seems like the first car available to the masses, the 1908 Model T has been around a lot longer than 111 years.
 What are mukbang channels? Yeah I am guilty of using YouTube but so is everyone else. Netflix and YouTube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 Hmm, I don't believe so! I like music videos on YouTube. I admit I did the Gangnam Style dance a few times. That video got so many views on YouTube that they had to upgrade the view counter to 64 bits.
 He bought a property and found a barn on the property full of classic cars!
 I wonder the same! What a lucky guy!! So Ohio has pretty wacky car laws!
 In Ohio it is illegal to warm up your car! I would not be able to hop in a cold car and go.
 WOw, thats cray!
 exactly. and when earth was formed the day only had 5.5 hours. imagine that
 I guess it makes the most sense. There are also some start in the universe that are cold enough for us to touch them 
 It really is! Do you listen to music?
 I like to listen to the radio in my car. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be heard on Earth?
 heard with the naked ear??? or just through radio waves/
 oh okay ahah i was gonna say! i dont go outside and hear those storms
 In Canada, it's law to play 40% of the music on the radio that is Canadian.
 I don't, but I heard there's a website where you can listen to thousands of dramas for free.
 Did you know more than 80 percent of the Earth's natural forests have already been destroyed.
 I agree. When Earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 Yea fish are cool, I'm surprised that freshwater fish drink through their skin while saltwater fish don't, seems like the opposite would make more sense
 Yea I heard of snakes being able to eat prey twice its size but the black swallower can also eat prey ten times its weight, that's crazy
 That's kinda funny.  Lot's of wacky theories out there.  Here's a wacky fact... The UN appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they ever make contact with earth!
 Crazy!  But if you think about the Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago.  Amazing we humans haven't destroyed the earth yet.
 Do it tonight...Take care.  Great talking to you
 I was surprised to hear that, but he had a huge impact on culture when he was alive. did you know Busta Rhymes voiced the Reptar wagon in the rugrats movie?
 from what i remember, the wagon doesnt talk!
 Wow, when you think about how many golf courses are around, that's a lot of water used just to maintain all those courses. Did you know that golf courses in America take up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined. That's a lot of water!!
 I have never heard that before, but that is surprising. I would have thought it was an older invention as well. Was it because soldiers couldn't get out of their cars if they were wearing their fatigues? 
 That is a very nice gesture. I guess it makes sense that he founded Detroit given that the city has historically been an automotive hot bed. Speaking of strange car facts, apparently in South-Africa, you are legally allowed to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking. That is insane to me! 
 I like it at times. Did you know the average American golf course consumes 312,000 gallons of water per day?
 I did not know that. Pretty crazy he could play golf and baseball.
 I know right. Did you know that all the golf courses in the US make up more area than delaware and Rhode Island combined?
 Wow that's pretty impressive and a lot of land!
 Also there is a golf course in Dubai that uses 4 million gallons of water a day!
 That's just crazy! Samuel L. Jackson puts a golf clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during filming.
 Oh wow that's funny. I don't think he looks like Steve Martin at all.
 I don't see a resemblance either. Another fact when Ronald Reagan was acting he got turned down for a role because they did not think he looked presidential!
 That's pretty funny considering he became a president not much longer.
 Very cool. I saw that the trunk of a car was named that because older cars actually had wooden trunks.
 Oh wow that's really cool. Glad they could accommodate our troops.
 I know right, I didn't realize that they couldn't be out in uniform.
 Yea video games is cool, I remember the NES, it wasn't discontinued in Japan until 2003, that's crazy
 Playing Nintendo and watching Bill Nye back in the day was fun, I never knew Bill Nye won a Steve Martin lookalike contest
 Neither did I. Bill Nye is pretty cool. It's funny how Bill Nye can win a look alike contest to Steve Martin but Ronald Reagan supposedly didn't look presidential enough.
 Yea apparently golf is pretty popular, the size of golf courses in the US is larger than Rhode Island and Deleware combined
 yea i bet it uses a lot of water for the sprinklers to water the course
 thats insanely wasteful. I hope they recycle their water somehow!
 well i guess thats a big upseide to it haha. Did you know the original NES could only show 52 colors?
 youre right! it is 54. It was a huge success in its day
 Not much, you?  Cars became widely available in the early 20th century.
 That would be nice. The trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
 that's a funny term for it. In England, they call the trunk the "boot." I don't think they had a boot at the back of the car. 
 Thats true. Their language is a bit different. American language is so frank.t is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.
 How long does it take to play against 90,000 people? Seems like the hard way to become a race car driver.
 probably years. I bet he started young. When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment
 I guess the Brits had another source of food besides chickens. And not a whole lot of entertainment.
 no it's not! The nintendo entertainment system could display only 54 colors.
 my kids! Bill nye "the science guy" got his break in entertainment by winning a steve martin lookalike contest. nice talking with you!
 Yes, a commuter bus designed to travel at 160 mph. No thanks!
 Yes, no kidding. I can not being in Iceland with no public rail service?
 Same! Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Yeah that's what I though too. I think it's funny that only 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 Yes I love to travel, you? Surprisingly air travel is 10% slower than it was in the 60's!
 I think it's called couchsurfing. People also used to steal garden knomes and take pictures of them while traveling before returning them!
 Very cool. Also, humans are actually the minority on the internet!
 I believe it is automated software bots...kind of scary lol.
 It released its findings about inflation in 1996 - saying it was overstated by 1.1%!
 Yeah, I believe that to some extent.  Do you realize that the astronauts on the international Space Station have faster internet than most Americans?
 Wow! I suppose that makes sense because of all the satellites! You can even get internet at the peak of Mt Everest!
 And yet here I sit with my crappy connection speed..lol I hear in Finland everyone has the right to an internet connection.
 That is awesome! If the internet ever goes down - the Library in Alexandria has a saved copy!
 Well that's nice to know.  Remember neopets?  Back in 2001 their website was the 4th most trafficked website on the internet, 8 spots in front of Google.  Those little things were addicting.
 Apparently when you click on links in the internet, you can actually become addicted to the novelty of it all!
 I could see that happening to a lot of people.  Especially the ones that go "ego surfing", the act of looking oneself up on the internet.
 People definitely have huge egos...but only 7% of us read a terms and conditions document when it's provided to us!
 That's sad.  But, I am not one of those 7%, oh well. Humans are the minority on the internet, outnumbered by automated software programs.  Let them read it.
 I had that happen to me before, kind of creeped me out, until I found out it was my neighbor that did it.  lol Now, I'm cool with it. Speaking of travel, do you know that air travel is 10% slower than it was in 1960s in order to save on fuel costs?
 Yeah you are right. The government needs to protect their citizens. In the US in 2006, legislation was passed that protected governenment employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva convention.
 Yes I would like to know more about that too. A man in France impersonated a government official and sold the Eiffel tower not once but twice ha ha.
 Yeah I can't believe the Internet can cause real addiction. It is very powerful. It connects so much information.
  Very few people actually read the full terms when buying a product or service on the Internet. Only 7%.
 Yes very true. Luckily the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the Internet saved.
 That sounds expensive, still might be worth it, did you know the Iceland has no public rail service, 
 Did you know the Dutch a creating a bus that can go 160mph?
 I think so too. All of Japan's highways are tolls and it cost $300 to travel across the country.
 Sounds like it. The first king to travel around the world was king Kalaukauau of Hawaii.
 Yea I wouldn't like to travel there either. Iceland has no public rail service so most travel by air.
 I agree. Wikileaks published the governments plans to destroy Wikileaks one time.
 Me too. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government? 
 I'm guessing that too. A man in France one time impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower on two separate occasions.
 Who knows?  I am sure someone would buy it if it comes up for sale.  There was a guy in France that pretended to be with the government and sold the Eiffel Tower to times!  Apparently everything has a price.
 It is curious to think that so many companies are offering streaming services, it might be overwhelming and costly for consumers if content is locked to a single service.
 It just shows how much technology has advanced in such a little time span. Given that much of a technological gap, it makes me wonder if the future will also show such technological feats.
 I wonder how that would work, would you register for that program, and would your phone company provide validation that you succeeded in not using your phone. 
 No, I didn't even know there was a pay-to-carpool service. I guess it is probably cheaper than Uber
 probably. That's amazing 
 Google is a pretty crazy company anyway, instead of mowing the grass at their building they bought a bunch of goats
 It's crazy how big Google has grown, when it went down in 2013,40% of web traffic went down with it, that's nuts!
 Oh wow. You might be one of the only people I've met who doesn't have a Netflix account (or at least use someone else's). Haha. Yes. I do, in fact, have a Netflix account. I'm one of that 33% of people that makes up Netflix bandwidth between 9pm and 12 am. haha
 Right?! I had no idea Netflix made up such a huge portion of the media world. I knew it was a LOT, for sure, but not that much. I guess it helps you can pretty much watch it anywhere and everywhere - phones, computers, tv. Hard not to be everywhere. So, what do you do in your free time if you aren't a tv junkie like most of the world? :-p
 I actually completely agree with you. There are things that I would never even think of that are owned by google and by amazon. I am a huge GOODREADS fan, and it was bought by amazon a few years ago. And as for google... they offer all there services for free. It is hard to compete with that. Why pay for microsoft when you can use google docs? google slides? google forms? Free versions of the same things.
 I am on Facebook.  I didn't know that the like button is illegal in Germany.  I wonder why?  I also didn't know it began as a social media platform for Ivy League students.  
 Me either.  I'm also not convinced that there is a region of space that could be pulling galaxies outside the universe.  Very hard to imagine.  
 That sounds crazy, I think we would tell lol, but who knows maybe that theory is real
 I hate it when good bands break up. There was a set of Japanese twins that actually made a rap album together at the age of 100! I think that's pretty awesome.
 I'm not sure, it's possible. did you know that in Africa, people can legally add a flame-thrower to their car to stop carjackings? I couldn't believe that was legal! It's actually kind of funny...
 That's weird. Of all the albums to be the best selling, Hybrid Theory? Huh...
 They were the first album to reach platinum without a major tour or airplay. Seems like a grassroots album.
 Those were all big hits! I am surprised it did so well.
 I do, I saw them live once! Did you know their album hybrid theory was the best selling album of the 21st century?
 Yea they released a rap album at that age! Impressive.
 I have not! They won the golden globe in 1997 for best comedy series!
 They also beat seinfeld! That is impressive and I never would have guessed.
 I do a little bit. I love how drive throughs were originally for soldiers.
 Demetri Martin also dropped out of school to pursue comedy!
 That is pretty cool.  I knew that Washington and Jefferson were two of our richest presidents - its hard to imagine that back in those days
 I have never heard of it before I read about it in the paper, this morning.   I feel it's a good thing, especially if there are dogs with cancers or blood disorders.  They could probably get alot of blood from my lab, she's pretty large.
 Oh yes, we need these in America, for sure. It's such a great idea, I'm not sure why I'm not seeing these popped up all over already.
 Speaking of high pay...  Hugh Laurie was the highest paid tv actor at $700k per episode for House.  I never watched it though.
 It makes sense but dogs  descended from wolves, but when people domesticated them, they must have bred wolves with something else to get them to not be so aggressive.  do you think?  or maybe they killed off the aggressive wolves?
 same here.  self help and real world improvement books.  i like concerts too but never saw Linkin Park - they performed 324 concerts in 2001 alone.  crazy.
 i know.  The Ramones toured even more.  Almost non-stop for 201 years playing 2263 concerts.  i'd be tired to say the least.
 awesome!  you too.
 Maybe that's his problem, trying to make up for being short.  Maybe he also thinks putting a hat on gives him an extra inch or two.
 I had no idea that George Washington was one of the wealthiest presidents ever, did you?
 I had heard that! I think those earlier presidents owned a lot of land.
 Really, omg! The folds in chefs hats are meant to show different ways the chef can cook an egg. lol
 Perhaps the first president of Zimbabwe should have worn one - it might have kept him from getting the nickname of banana!
 I had no idea that he was the last one to know one - that is sad!  Of course none of them have released pop albums either like the president of Indonesia!
 I think they'd be too busy my goodness! Its interesting that Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a PHD.
 Right? When get receive a PHD in Finland, you get a top hat and sword!
 I would love a sword!  They are braver than Americans - they limited the length of hatpins because they were afraid that suffragettes would attack people with them!
 Attack people with pins? People are crazy. Well, did you know hard hats and lego's are made from the same plastic. Makes sense.
 Interesting. So what does Carrey want to do? Play concerts? He is loud, not unlike Deep Purple
 I think Dumb and Dumber is more recent than 335 bc, besides Jim Carrey is not that old. That would make him more than 2000 years old. 
 Yeah, I have mixed emotions about him.  I am surprised he dodged the "it's cool to hate Trump" crowd. 
 Yep.  He even did a skit on SNL about when he interrupted Taylor Swift at an award show. 
 Must be... I wonder if people are burned out on TV -- How many episodes of the Simpsons can one watch.  There is variety with Homer having 188 jobs in 400 episodes. 
 Could be... I was taking about Taylor Swift a minute ago... She's actually 2 inches taller than West.  She should have given him the ol' smack down when he interrupted her... :)
 Youtube celebrities also make a lot of money take Jenna Marble, she makes $346,827 annually, 
 I am surprised that he had such a high GPA in high school and even more by him turning down a good scholarship
 never heard of it, but spreading the message about eating a diverse diet cannot be bad.
 I had not realized that Carl Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street
 hello not as much as before , but i love a good tv show
 And that bart was only missing from 1 episode!
 I hadn't heard about that one. Are they saying that they don't follow through with the deals?
 Wow. Interesting! I never thought about it. There are over 750 episodes of "pokemon"!
 yea i dont like that cartoon , i think is interesting that only one shakespeare play has not been adapted for film or television 
 Really? Which one?
 Interesting! I watch a lot on Youtube. It is the second largest search engine on the net.
 Seems like its been around longer! Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america!
 google bought youtube for 1.65 billion 
 Wow! That's a lot of money. I didn't realize Youtube had paid subscriptions. 
 That's correct. I was never a big TV watcher I guess. I listen to alot of radio. Did you watch MTV at all? I found pop up video from VH1 on youtube.
 I never did. I was too busy playing outside! I never really felt I missed anything by not seeing TV. I raised my kids the same way. Not on purpose, but still. I think they have a few shows they watch. I wonder if their kids will watch a lot of TV. Do you have kids? Do you limit their TV time?
 Yeah, I've read all of the Game of Thrones books that he's published so far. We've come a long way from the 18th century where there was a "moral panic" at all the novel reading. The horror!
 Interesting. I guess reading out loud was more of a thing once. Speed reading is also a thing now for some people.  Anne Jones won the record by reading 4700 words a minute!
 Braille fascinates me. Reading by tactile feel. Pretty amazing.
 It is pretty awesome. Hard to believe we survived without it for so long. The current library of Alexandria has saved a copy of the whole internet. Not sure how they did that but that's pretty cool.
 That can cause an adiction? really? I guess its kind of funny, you know that in Findland everyone has the right to internet.
 It's kind of a necessity now isn't it. On Everest there's even 3G cell service. You know, for that selfie once you get to the top.
 Haha I like to read actually yes. Apparently there was a big scare in the 18th century, there were too many people reading and people were a worried about a"moral Panic"occurring I just don't know about that haha. You would never hear that today
 I agree with you. anne Jones holds the world record for speed reading, which is 4700 words per minute, there's no way she can retain anything from that
 LOL that's great that you smelled klendathu right haha. Did you see the movie Ender's Game? And has Harrison Ford in it? I like Harrison Ford but I really didn't like that movie, it's also on the reading list apparently
 LOL I like that. What do you think about the Lord of the Rings? There's a really boring, long book, even though I like the movies. I guess the author of that and then another author named CS Lewis would read terrible poetry and laugh at it
 Haha I feel you on that. It would take a lot of money to get me to start reading though LOL. Especially I won't be reading the full terms of service that you see on websites. Only 7% of people read those things. And those do not include me, that's for sure haha.
 Very cool to see the true definition. Did you know Tupac had music in the library of Congress?
 Wow that's funny! Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist before being a rapper.
 I did not know that. That's interesting. I saw Busta Ryhmes is the voice of Reptar in the Rugrats movie.
 Very cool to know. I saw Korean rappers invented a new style of rap called a compliment battle.
 Wow - that's extremely fast. A judge in Michigan once delivered her ruling to Eminem in the form of a rap. 
 Did not know that - very cool. There are over 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 Wow that's a lot of jobs. The 70's show was recreated in the UK and only lasted 10 episodes before it was cancelled.
 Hello! No I did not know that! I love reading though!
 Oh wow, that sounds painful! I wonder if there is any speed reading in braille like the woman who broke the record of speed reading over 4,000 words per minute!
 I hope not, probably wouldn't be good! Just like how the forests have been destroyed by 80%, so sad!
 Exactly! So amazing. If we were to look at the existence of earth as a 24 hour clock, humans would only be 1 minute and 17 seconds of that time....how odd to think about that!
 well I didn't know that Tupac had his music added to the library of congress, that's impressive
 Or that Eminem want to become a comic book artist before he became a rapper!
 nope never knew that, funny his fav superhero was spiderman I would have thought it'd be someone else
 no I do like rugrats though, I'll have to check that out, can't believe that movie came out in 1998 I feel old haha
 two rappers give compliments instead of dissing, its big in Korea
 ya she gave the verdict ind the form of a rap, sounds like she has way too much time on her hands haha
 Very true and astute again!  I just learned that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps is called a "hamburger".  Makes me hungry...
 I hard that.  How many people need that there?  Makes as much sense as Starship Troopers being recommended reading for the military...
 I guess Ender's Game as suggested reading for the USMC is better.  At least it isn't dominated by giant bugs. 
 I don't know.  It may be a vote.  Lot's of youngsters in the DoD.  Did you know the Earth is running out of helium?  It will by the end of this century!
 Wow really? Never would've pictured him doing any throws or takedowns.  Completely distorts my mental image of him. 
 Oh here's one that will mess with your head.  Abe Lincoln was a wrestler!
 They didn't use the land well did they? The president's guest house is larger than the white house!
 I can certainly see that - Greco Roman wrestling was probably developed for combat before it was sport for the emperors. 
 Yet sounds like it. The Turkish national sport is oil wrestling where men doubt themselves in olive oil and wrestle. Definitely an odd sport lol.
 Wow!  Again, due to my age and obvious immaturity, I think of something completely different when I hear oil wrestling than a Turkish national sport involving men! 
 Yes I would much prefer to be the women's national sport. The man who designed macho man's wrestling gear also design close for Jimi Hendrix, Aerosmith, and more.
 Ha ha that is awesome. Apparently Plato lead a professional wrestling career before becoming a famous philosopher.
 He is best friends with The Worm - Dennis Rodman!
 Right - the "Election" in PRNK..... Hey, it was an awesome Chat - have a great day!
 I'm sorry, I have no idea what you are talking about. Congress is a meeting of individuals, but the president has nothing to do with it. No deadly weapons should be used anywhere.
 Thats great! Mark Epstein of Qualcomm is big into politics - he's contributed a million to the race in maryland.
 Thank you, I did too!
 Can you imagine in Hillary was VP right now?!?!?!?!  Pence is a wet paper bag, but very quiet (too quiet?) and Hillary would be riot in that position! 
 Must have hit too close to home with their anti-Dem agenda and did't like being exposed.  They are an entertainment program anyways so why do they even care?  So ironic that they are the original Fake News and now they & Trump try to use it in reverse
 No, But I'm sure that Mexico played amazingly to get a spot in the World Cup.
 That's interesting that they thanked South Korea at their embassy on June 27th for their victory giving Mexico its spot in the World Cup.
 Yeah, but Germany ended up in last place in their group.  
 I didn't realize the US did so well in 1930's first World Cup taking 3rd place.  I didn't even have soccer growing up.
 Where will it be in the US?  Interestingly, the women do a good job for the US World cup never getting below third place since 1991.  I've never seen them play though.
 I wonder how WWII soldiers figured out that they could make radios out of razor blades and pencils?  Did they hear how to do it when listening to radio storms from another planet like Jupiter.
 America does well at the world cup having never been below third place.  That's impressive.
 I don't remember seeing male football ( soccer) teams, that high... are You sure it's not about women's achievements ?
 I guess.  Out of all the things I've heard about Michael Jackson I had no idea he had a patented device used to help him lean for dance moves.
 lean ? Like in smooth criminal video clip ? ;) lol, I always thought that's a camera trick ? :)
 As did I, it's creative and it's surprising to know not just an illusion.
 hmmm... I would have to see it to believe it ;) I'm pretty skeptical ;)
 any music ? what if it's a really mean rap song ? ;)
 No... way... Hope they have some good music taste...
 Yes, because it was the fastest number to dial on rotary phone, but I don't understand that, I thought all number seven digit.
 haha ya thats a good point, but also wild is that the cable running across the atlantic that does telephone and internet is inly 3 inches thick!
 Wow that I didn't know. I have a landline phone, because It Included in my package.
 ah that makes sense, ya I have an iphone and apparently it has more computing potential than the entire USA nuclear deterrant system haha
 Wow, I never a an iphone before, they are good phones. back in the days the landline phone was an open and public phone with a single line.
 no I agree with that, ahve you ever read starship troopers? I guess its on the military's recommended reading list
 have you read Lord of the Rings? I guess the author would read terrible poetry and laugh at it haha
 Do you believe the world record speed reading by anne Jones, 4,700 words per minute? how is this possible.
 ya I think thats bs, I tried speed reading and I never retained any info, can you believe there was a moral panic because too many people were reading 200 years ago?
 Wow, that's hard to believe, It was nice Chatting with you.
 New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 I would comprehend 6 words . New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 Right!It is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together!
 That is crazy! America must have serious talent! I know the US even placed third in the very first world cup back in 1930!
 Holy cow! No, I actually didn't know that! That makes sense though I suppose considering over 26 billion people worldwide watched in 2006. That's the total number of all the matches!
 Imagine a World Cup in a city that is not yet built!
 Yeah I just read that,  that would be kinda cool.  The whole city to yourself!  The hungary national football team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956, and that was the world cup final.
 Good to know! The american team has never placed below third place in the world cup since women's world cup started in 1991
 Did you know Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined.
 Wow!  Thats incredible! 
 Well yeah Im sure Britain and france are very competitive on many levels not just sports lol Jon stewart was a skilled soccer player in college and represented the us at the pan american maccabi games in brazil in 1983.
 German soccer player mesut ozil donated his eur300,000 world cup victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in brazil.
 Thats interesting. 
 That would be crazy!  Seems confusing too!  
 Oh wow,  thats cool.  Also sounds confusing though lol 
 Interesting.  I just learned There are no net economic gains for the countries that have played host to the olympics or the world cup
 ...or a volcano!  It seem that many wonder if Russia put on a World Cup given it's history of racist attacks and "hooligans"... Love that word "hooligan"... Hee
 Some.  I can't believe that the Super bowl is smaller than soccer's 3rd biggest event.
 I don't get it.  I guess I was just raised around football, basketball and baseball... 
 Yeah... Back to your TV question... I used to like SNL when they had people like John Belushi -- I guess "Weekend Update" is their longest running skit.
 No kidding! Don't know if you ever saw any episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine, but Ringo Starr narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes!
 That surprises me. I thought he only did Harry Potter. On the Simpsons there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned.
 The funny thing is Daniel Radcliffe's character on the Simpsons was a parody of Twilight's Edward Cullen
 Oh, no kidding that is funny. I have not seen that.
 Yea, I think I stopped watching after 300 episodes. Funny thing is that Homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes of the simpsons
 Wow! That's a lot of jobs. 
 I watch from time to time. I miss the classic actors. I like SouthPark. I know when they aired their last episode of Family Guy producers got flowers from the Simpson's crew.
 Yea, that was a great episode. I'm surprised Shakespeares The Two Noble Kinsmen has never been adapted for film or tv
 No kidding. I like that I can access so many episodes from my computer. Hard to believe that Russians invented a computer in 1936 that ran on water.
 That is crazy, so is the first google computer being house in an enclosure made from lego bricks
 Oh crazy! Did you know smoking near apple computers is a biohazard that voids the warranty?
 No, sounds like a rip off. I didn't know Doom was installed on more computers in 1995 than Windows 95
 Really? I wonder how people were running their computers? Did you know the space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1 mb of RAM?
 Innovative and insane all in one! I like that computers are control systems for so many things lie microwave ovens and remote controls.
 Yes, that is true. I heard that the jet steam is being disrupted by the extreme fundamental changes in the weather.
 Yes! Stan Lee is a must for sure. After when he appeared in Spider Verse. Wow, that teared me up a bit.
 Marvel and DC are spectacular in their own right. It is especially interesting that marvel universes for the cinema take place in earth 199999 while the original comic earth is in earth 616
 In S. Africa, it's legal to have a flame-thrower on one's car to prevent carjacking. 
 I read more from a computer screen than paper.  I can't believe there was a moral panic in the 18th century because people were reading novels.  If they could see us now!
 I knew the answer was Earth. What I did not know was that it takes place on Earth 199999
 I would definitely think it was McDonald's but I just learned it was to accommodate soldiers who could not exit the car wearing fatigues. I thought it was because of car hops in the 1950s.
 I know he is a professional race care driver. What I did not know is that he became a professional by beating 90000 people in a video game!
 It's funny how far we've come since the car was invented in 1886
 The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones reading 4700 words per minute.  I guess the spread of a lot of information can be scary if it goes that fast!
 Wow, Anne Jones can read the Bible pretty quick
 Indeed, back when we had to talk over the phone. Ha! But these days, iPhones have more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. Isn't that crazy?
 Wow! These days there is even cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest! Who could have imagined that?!
 That is wild, isn't it? That's almost as crazy as the cables that carry internet and phone data across oceans are 2.7 inches in diameter and simply lay on the floor!
 Think how fast we went from no internet, to real measurable addiction in the brain from the constant novelty from clicking on links on the internet! 
 That is! I bet a lot of the material is hilarious! Although I find it unbelievable that romantic kissing is a recent development seldom mentioned in ancient Greek literature!
 I bet it would take longer than we can imagine. Ha! Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on websites and apps is actually called the "hamburger button". That's weird!
 Hamburger button?! Now that's making me funny. I might have to use my telephone to call and order some dinner! Remember the old days when you had to keep a phone book around to look up phone numbers?
 Indeed I do. It was a lot simpler back then. In fact, 212 is New York's area code because it's actually the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone. I kind of figured 111 would be, but apparently not!
 I have to admit, sometimes I miss rotary phones and phone books. It's impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together! 
 Ha! I bet is impossible even though I've never tried it. You ever stop to think about how phones work and how weirdly amazing it is? How they convert sound and the human voice into electronic signals that are then transmitted by cables and other channels to another phone. It's so fascinating to me!
 I also did not know that dogs could see colors? I guess that was an old wives tale.
 Are you a car lover? I am surprised that McDonalds built drive thrus for service men that were not supposed to get out of their cars?
 I did not know that trunks got their name because people carried trunks on the back of their trucks!
 Hello,  did you know an iphone has more computing power than a U.s. nuclear deterrant?
 I know,  technology is amazing.  Especially these smart phones are like little computers.  
 Yeah I read that too,  That would be devastating lol I cant imagine having to do actual leg work o find things out. 
 Did you know its impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlaped together, I know its a difficult scenario but internat saves us from this, and I didnt know about the hamburger menu thing.
 Lol me either,  I wonder why they call it a hamburger.  I have never tried to separate  2 phone books,  but that is good to know!  another pro for internet!  
 lol have you ever participated in the competition?  
 Yeah, also architecture, music, painting and sculpture, I dont see them as sports either.
 its amazing how Istanbul has a vending machine for stray dogs. 
 Interesting, that wasn't in my article. How do the dogs operate it I wonder?
 Yes! How is that even a question?  Dump the guy
 I agree, I am not a dog lover but I don't hate dogs, and as long as your dog is well trained. It doesn't bother me. it was interesting to read dogs have 12 different blood types
 Yes, I think that was a very nice gesture.. but I didn't know they couldn't get out of their cars if they were in Fatigues. 
 I know, I'm picturing cars driving down the freeway shooting flames at each other when someone gets cut off!
 Nice talking to you!
 That's pretty cool. Did you know there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have? 
 I did not know that. I do know that a lot of veterinarians keep an office dog or cat to always have an emergency blood donor on hand.
 Oh wow I didn't know that either. It says dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives too. 
 Yea I've never really thought of that before. Did you know dogs and elephants are thought to be the only animals that understand pointing? 
 Yea I bet other animals can be trained to understand it. I saw that Google prefers dogs to cats and in their code of conduct it states they are a dog company. 
 My wife is allergic to them as well. Did you know dogs are not color blind, but they can't see as many colors as humans? 
 That's interesting. I saw that Istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water for their stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles. 
 Yea it's a very smart idea I think too.
 Wow Eminem? I see he has more than Johnny depp. weird
 WTF? Thats like Carol Burnett having more Super Bowl Rings than Tom Brady
 Yes, I saw that. I think that movie would upset any child when losing their mother.I didn't know watching horror  movies burns 180 calories! lol
 I didn't either, interesting. I wouldn't thought of looking at abstract art before watching a horror movie to enjoy it more either.
 Yes, how scary is that! That is somewhat upsetting! I wonder what he thought he was doing?
 Its interesting that there's only one episode of The Simpsons where Bart isn't seen.
 Pokemon has been around a long time!! 16 years
 Mine too! Some, Michigan State University must really like them, largest collection in the world!
 Really, that's good to know. I was surprised Marvel published a generic comic book! Good chat!!
 Mine too, He's so funny... There is a state University in Michigan that has the largest comic book collection!! Who knew?
 I thought it was interesting how Archie came out with some 1941 themed comics.
 Yes, it's certainly a new turn on things. Even though Archie came out the same month as the Pearl Harbor attacks, the stories never really showed what was actually happening during the era. They were more like an escape.
 It was just weird how the comic never really addressed the times as they were back then, the war and all.
 There may be less of a love triangle and more of a focus on Archie and Jughead.
 It's funny that DC actually stands for Detective Comics, so the company name DC Comics is redundant.
 And super-hero and super-villain were also trademarked by DC Comics.
 Me too! I love that show. They sent south park flowers when it aired the family guy episode.
 Yeah, he broke a lot of new ground.  Can you believe Judy Judy makes $123K an episode for doing her job as a judge?  I went into the wrong profession!
 Again, I can't argue with your guess.  The money some celebrities make is mind boggling.  Judge Judy $123,000 per episode is astounding.
 I know right! also that DC paid only $130 for exclusive rights to superman in 1938, I know there is inflation but thats a crazy low amount still
 Yeah, he feels that he has finally established a foothold in country music.
 Yeah I wonder if people fell for it at first.
 Wow, cool! And Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling of the 21st century. I liked that album.
 That is crazy. I guess the storms are so powerful on Jupiter that we can hear them here on Earth.
 I think it's really odd. Why make them play 40% of Canadian music?
 I agree. Walmart sells clean versions of albums. Did you know that?
 I didnt know that, do you have any favorite artists or albums?
 I loved that album. Crazy that's the best selling album of the 21st century. I would have never guessed. 
 I love that album and Pink Floyd. Did you know Aerosmith made more money from guitar hero than any other album?
 That's good. Led Zeppelin hated rock press.
 I love country music. Did you know the Fender Stratocaster was intended for country music?
 No, I did not know that.  I knew soldiers created radios but not with pencils and razor blades.  Technology finds a way through anything.  Back to idol, why do you think Jennifer Lopez did not think Trent sounded country?
 Interesting, I learned something new today.  What are your thoughts on Linkin Park's "hybrid theory" being the best-album of the 21st century?  Were they really that popular?
 Nope, had no idea.  I actually enjoyed some of Linkin Park's work, just surprised they had the best selling album.  
 Ha, that is absolutely amazing.  Same here, I would love to do something similar at that age.   I wonder is that album is on youtube?  What would your genre be?
 Same here.  He has been on the country scene for years.  I didnt realize that.
 did you know that George Strait and the wealthiest man in the world Jeff Bezos are cousins?
 Good. How about you? Surprised to see Linkin Park is the best selling album of his century, though they did put out some quality music.
 Who cares what they think! ha
 LOL. I went to a Foo Fighters concert a few years ago. Dave Grohl apologized for starting late but assured everyone it was worth being out till 11pm.
 Fun fact. Country music legend George Strait is cousins with the wealthiest man in the world, Jeff Bezos.
 I can't imagine them being related. I am happy Henry Ford helped finance country music but I don't think he did it for the right reasons. He had a fear over jazz music.
 Speaking of radio, Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard from an AM radio.
 I haven't but now I have to try. If World War II soldiers found a way to make a radio from a razorblade and a pencil then I can certainly try to listen to a Jupiter storm.
 Sometimes it is better to have your favorite albums then wait to listen on the radio. I have never listened to the best selling album of the 21st century but maybe I should give it a shot, Linkin Park's hybrid theory
 One album I always hear on the radio is Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. People must really love it because despite being released 40 years ago it is still one of the best selling albums.
 My thoughts exactly.  
 hey Ya I like him, crazy he's been nominated for 13 Grammys!
 ya I might actually go see his concert, tickets are only at most 250 bucks, not bad
 that is cool I like Floyd! sad though that Aerosmith actually made more money from Guitar hero than any of their albums
 ya I agree, I remember even cassettes were super popular through the 80's and 90s, funny that vinyl is still coming back in a big way in our modern times
 ya they only sell clean versions of albums, very lame!
 ah no I didn't know that, ya I guess country music started in the 20's and can be called hllbilly music, but I would never call it that haha
 Me either, very smart of them to come up with that radio out of such simple parts.
 I doubt it.  I hear in Canada it's the law that at least 40% of the music played on the radio must  be Canadian.  
 I hear you on that. lol I hear The Dark Side of The Moon  was still one of the best selling albums of 2014.
 Yeah, makes sense.  Not a rap fan but I am curious to hear what two identical twins' rap album sounds like.  They were 100 years old in 1992!
 I don't know either.  Blind Mellon Chitlin'?  Just joking... Wild that George Strait is related to Greedionaire Bezos...
 It's also hard to believe the Fender Strat' was intended for country music.
 Yeah, look how its transformed other genres besides Country.
 Hi, do you like country music?
 I would think.Hard to believe U2 played as country music stars opening up for themselves in 1987 as The Dalton Brothers.
 Yes, they played fully disguised. Country music got some financial support from Henry Ford to help it become more popular.
 Interesting. I know country music took its roots from genres such as folk music.
 I think any genre can be translated into country. Even U2 gave it a go. They were actually pretty popular. 
 That would be really cool. I did hear that Jupiter has such strong radio storms they can be heard on Earth.
 I believe so. In Canada, it is required by law to play at least 40% Canadian music on the radio.
 I agree. Soldiers in WWII made radios using razorblades and pencils.
 No idea lol. They used the tools to make a diode that probably received the radio signals.
 Oh wow I did not know that. Pretty interesting for sure.
 I love country music. George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins.
 Very cool. There are only two African Americans in the country music hall of fame.
 He saw jazz music as decadent! Very funny! I did not know that the Stratocaster was meant to be played for country music.
 I bet he's turning over in his grave when he hears "Cowboy Troy", a black country rapper!!  I would have thought the electric guitar was developed for rock & roll. 
 It would definitely be a collector's item!  It's amazing that the vinyl LP albums are making a comeback for audiophiles.  Cassettes and 8 tracks are now found primarily in museums.  CDs are still produced, but not in the quantities of the past.  Digital media has taken over.  But the term album still survives.
 I don't know, must be a Finland thing since it's been broadcast since 1989
 Yea, it's fascinating how the radio is able to transmit sounds from radio waves striking its electrical conductor
 I was reading some country music trivia. I had no idea that Jeff Bezos of Amazon and George Strait were cousins.
 that's really interesting! i didn't know that either. I was reading about Keith Urban and his album "graffiti U"
 Amen!  Did you see where U2 played country music and dressed up in disguise as the opening act of one of their own shows?  That's awesome!
 Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up and heard by an am radio?  That's just amazing to me!
 No idea, been something to ask Dr Tyson.  :)  Speaking of radio, there's a website where you can download thousands of episodes of classic radio drama for free. Isn't the internet awesome?
 Think I heard about that... it used a pencil, razorblade and a diode IIRC.  They called them foxhole radios.
 Yeah, I think Canada's still apologize about giving us Bieber... ;)  Speaking of music, did you know "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century?
 Speaking of albums with staying power... Dark Side of the Moon was a best seller in 2014 despite being released 40 years ago.  That blows my mind!
 Speaking of powerful albums, Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum even though it had NO airplay or major tour.  Guess it really spoke to the audience.
 Yeah I forgot they were Canadian. I think its cool soldiers used to make a shanty radio called the foxhole.
 Yes agreed. But I'm glad someone figured it out. So I can listen to country music. Which actually originated from folk music of working class americans!
 Yeah! U2 once did a country music while dressed in disguise!
 Yes it is! Two identical twins from japan once released a rap album at 100 years of age. Crazy. Nice talking with you!
 That is really interesting.  While studying, I also came across the phrase "foxhole radios".  It's where WWII soldiers would make a radio using a razor blade and a pencil for the diode.  I could never come up with that!
 I like country pop mostly. Did you know there are only two african americans in the country music hall of fame?
 I did not know that. Small world. Henry Ford apparently was so concerned that jazz was going to take over so he out a lot of oney towards country music
 Yeah. Once they opened for themselves pretending to be another band.
 If you turn it to AM, you might catch Jupiter's storm.
 Really? That would be cool! I was surprised to learn that female country singers only make up 10% of the songs played on the country radio stations....even the CMA Awards didn't have many female nominee's! That's crazy...
 I do not know it either but maybe it is workth tuning into that radio in Finland that gives their news in latin.
 There's a lot of news out there to keep up with. Did you see Black Panther? Did you know he is the richest super hero? He has an estimated worth of 500 billion dollars.
 He is, Tony Stark comes in second. I'm surprised they can make characters worth that much
 For sure, never thought about that. Chadwick Boseman did such a good job acting in that movie.
 I never knew what it was until I just read about it, it's the three horizontal lines you see some places. Who would have known that constant clicking links on the internet can cause real addition measurable in the brain?
 He is what about Tony Stark? richer than him?
 And Bruce Wayne is also really rich, Dorothy Steel is a 91 year old who is in the movie as well
 I am doing well too. Yes, that does sound like it was made for him. Did you know New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 Haha that's hilarious! Did you know it's impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together? 
 Haha yep. I can't believe an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 Oh yea that's awesome! Did you know Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need every minute you don't use your cell phone? 
 That is crazy. Did you know 7% of people read the full terms when buying products or services on the internet? 
 Yes I believe it! 
 Ever think about how phones work? Like how it converts sound into electronic signals and transmits them via cables and reproduces the sound for the other receiving user. Crazy!
 It was fine. I did really enjoyed how they actually utilized actual historical nsibdi script.
 I agree. There were many female stars, like Angela Bassett, that helped with that. 
 Yeah, a hidden high tech wealthy kingdom-it would. Though I was surpried that Ironman is richer than Batman.
 Oh, yeah everyone was good. And Andy Sirkus is never bad. I was surprised that he didn't do a CGI character though.
 I'm glad he did not do a CGI character. I think he really wants to be able to act without that. Actors like Lupita Nyong or Chadwick were probably happy he was not a CGI character.
 I do, but sometimes my signal drops so I never would've thought I would have 3g service on the peak of Mt. Everest!
 Yes, I've never read it either. I have read some comic books, but never would've thought a college...Michigan State...has the largest collection
 Me either! I also didn't know it that superhero and supervillain were trademarked names!
 Not sure...I wonder if they have copies of phonebooks too? Did you know that it's impossible to separate 2 phonebooks whose pages are overlapped...not that we can try since no one uses them anymore!
 That's very interesting. I had not heard that. I can't believe that the cables that carry our phone and internet data across the ocean are only 2.7 inches around. They're not even suspended they just lay on the ocean floor!
 Strange! But he had never seen American money before! 
 Yeah I would have to read more comics to know for sure, maybe I should go to the Michigan State University Library. They have the largest publicly available comic book collection, so I could catch up
 They even have comic books?
 I think so! I think it's funny Marvel has trademark on the names superhero and supervillain, they made a generic comic book in order to do so which is hilarious
 Yep I agree with you there. I do miss Stan lee though. he was the backbone of Marvel Comics, and would end every phone conversation with the word Excelsior, that's awesome
 Yep I agree. how often do use the internet by the way? I want to use the internet when I hike on Mount Everest, apparently you can get 3-g cell service up there
 hey did you know only 7% of people read full terms when buying something on the internet?
 No I didn't know that. Kind of scary, but I definitely don't read those haha. Did you know that everyone has a right to an internet connectionk in Finland
 yes, i've done that too, i did not know it was called ego surfing though
 Yep it has a name I guess haha. Did you know that bots outnumber humans on the Internet by a significant margin. That's kind of scary
 I probably have that disorder actually haha. I wonder if astronauts get that? Apparently astronauts do have internet access and it's faster than anything that we have on planet Earth
 i wonder, also there is cell service at the peak of mt. everest
 That could come in handy if you needed Kim Snapchat at the top haha. Did you know that Dolphins can talk to each other over the telephone? and they know who they're talking to when they do that
 Yep dolphins are really smart. Have you heard of the actress Hedy Lamarr? She was really big in the 1930s and helped to invent the cell phone, Wi-Fi, and GPS, I wonder why I never heard of her
 That's pretty funny haha. Marvel Comics had to spend about a decade telling the US government that X-Men are not human, I wonder why they had to do that it seems really stupid
 that is odd, michigan state library has the largest public collection of comic books in the world 
 Yes Google bought the gmail.com domain from Garfield actually, so Garfield was originally using that for there emailing Services haha
 interesting, i just thought they came up with it
 Nope apparently not, also I didn't know that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics, he wanted to make a Spider-Man movie where he plays Peter Parker LOL
 huh that is interesting, and ya also I guess when Obama visited India they removed all of teh coconuts from the surrounding trees in case one fell on him haha
 wow that is old, apparently when he was president you could zoom in on google maps onto the white house and make out an image of barack obama
 That's a long way from Lincoln being the first president to be photographed.
 ya it is, also surprising is that the top 3 richest presidents would not include trump in that list, how crazy
 Yeah, he's not as rich as he lets on. Still, It' s not a low paying gig either. Obama made 1.7 million in 2010.
 yup that is a lot, kind of crazy too that the white house is smaller than the white house guest house, like that doesn't make sense haha
 Obama also has an official ASL sign. No idea what it is.
 well I'll tell you that kids get upset at anything today so it could be anything honestly haha, did you know over half of adults have library cards, thats kind of encouraging actually
 wow that is cool, also it's good to know there are more libraries than McDonald's, another fact that is very encouraging
 Yes and often times they are a wealthy individual such as JFK or George Washington.
 no, I'm not Canadian. So I didn't grow up with it being my national sport.
 For me I had to go real slow, but for him its amazing to watch him read braille. I would think the way a blind person process a book is different too with it being a tactile thing, but really it's the same as us reading text.
 braille blows my mind with how it works and how blind people actually learn to understand it. same with sign language and deaf people. its crazy to think about
 It really is. Just shows you can go about things a completely different way if you want to, or if you have to. The funny thing is the book he had was starship troopers. Apparently its on the reading list for 3 military branches, it's not even that good!
 the movie is even worse! have you ever seen it?
 Yes it's not great. Military recommends weird stuff. Ender's game is another on their suggested reading list.
 I don't have too much trouble watching, not sure I'd want to play hard though the average pro loses 8lbs in a game! That is intense.
 thats a crazy amount of cardio. Imagine the victory meals they must have after the games!
 I did not know that. I'm not sure how they keep the court warm but the ice frozen?
 That is a lot, I should start doing ice hockey to lose weight actually haha. I also didn't know that ice hockey stays underneath the court in a basketball game, that seems really crazy
 No Tom Brady wins all the time haha. But that's why I like him haha. Did you hear that the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback back in the day?
 I wondered about that too. I wonder how he could be the quarterback of a team if he's deaf, but I guess he could pull it off. What do you think about Kellen Moore, he's the only left-handed quarterback in the entire Football League
 Yep I was thinking that too. I wonder if it gives an advantage, or maybe it doesn't do anything haha. Have you heard of Baker Mayfield? Original he was going to be a professional video game player, but switched over to playing in the NFL. I think you made the right move haha
 Which one is better? I know that I liked the movie a lot, but I have heard that they are both very different, do you know why the US military would put it on their recommended reading list though?
 I didn't know there was only one left handed quarterback in the NFL
 Wow, that's cool.  You would think the NFL would pay better, right? 
 The risk of injury is huge in hockey, too.  In 1930 a goalie caught on fire!
 I don't watch a lot of hockey but i know they have specific people just to fight the other teams specific person.
 Wow 40%of the traffic, that sounds like a lot, 
 Hahaha! love these fun facts....I was unaware that Google was founded in 1998...I had no idea it has been around that long!
 That is crazy! I did not have any idea about that! Google maps calculates traffic by tracking ho w fast or slow Androids are moving on the roads...hahaha did not know that!
 HAHAHA, you are! Almost every plant and animal create their own vitamin c except humans! Weird!
 Yes! Vitamin C is so important to have in your system every day...oh no! Hope you feel better!
 I am glad you are better! Tough stuff to have. Really? That's odd hahaha!  Did you know humans the best distance runners among all animals? That's crazy
 That's a lot of episodes! I have seen a few. I did like The Simpsons and there was 1 episode where Bart was not in it once nor mentioned....weird.
 I did not, though I don't watch it. I have seen every episode of Thomas the Train that George Carlin narrates.
 That's pretty cool, I use to watch The Simpson a lot, in the first 400 episodes Homer had held 188 jobs
 I used to watch it too, though I've never seen the Bartless episode.
 I haven't seen that one either. I don't watch South Park, but I was surprised to learn that the Simpsons crew sent flowers to them, for their Family Guy episode.
 No but I know Stranger Things is really popular, I didn't know Winona Ryder was in it
 Yes, I watch it, lol I cant believe Blockbuster turned down the opportunity to purchase Netflix.
 Yeah. So they can buy the rights to them, lol
 hey did you know that netflix makes up 33 percent of all internet bandwidht in north america?
 I am guilty for that bandwidth too. Netflix offered Blockbuster to work with them in 2000 and Blockbuster laughed at them.
 They have tactics to figure out what users want. For example, they monitor illegal downloads to decide what shows to buy.
 Interesting. I did like ET when I was younger. Apparently the title font uses the same font as the paramount fbi pirary warning.
 huh ya I didn't know that, I guess it was also inspired by Elfen Lied, which is an anime I heard of but never saw, do you watch anime?
 No I didn't know that that's crazy, I like how South Park made fun of family guy and got flowers from the simpsons creators because it was so spot on with the criticism
 I wonder why they did that! I like when celebrities appear in the Simpsons. Daniel Radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of Edward Cullenn from Twilight in one episode.
 Oh really?  That is pretty cool!  I hear they released the exact show in the UK!  it got cancelled though. 
 That sounds right lol,  Netflix is huge!  I cant believe that Blockbuster turned down multiple offers to buy Netflix,  missed opportunity!
 Yeah that is amazing,  I used to be late returning videos all the time,  why couldn't I think of this hahaha It looks like Netflix and Youtube take up half of internet traffic lol
 That's a really high number. Along with youtube, it makes up half of the peak internet traffic.
 That was a mistake, although blockbuster probably would have ran it into the ground. 
 Oh really? They changed it? When I used it a year ago it was advertisements in the middle of the episode between scenes. No one wants that...
 Yep I agree with you. It's very screwy that Netflix takes up 33% of the bandwidth in North America, that is so much!
 Yeah they did. They had the chance to buy them for only 50 million. And now Netflix is worth 2 billion! That's insane
 They were outside the top 20 but still great shows! It sounds like Emmy nominations helped his cause!
 Doing something bold makes a small group of people care passionately. And that's enough for these subscriber-based companies, which require devoted niches more than they need mass audiences. Seems like Netflix to a T
 Speaking of Netflix, from 9pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america.
 My brother does and I use his account. I can't believe that blockbuster passed up deals to buy them for 50 million...especially cause now they are worth like 2 billy. 
 I think all of them are gone by now. I guess it is a little more reasonable if streaming wasn't popular back then and it was just the DVD service. their streaming now makes up for 33 percent of bandwith usage at night for america.
 I have not, interesting title though. What is it about?
 Too bad for them! Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.
 I just finished both seasons of Norseman. I'm interested in Lilyhammer too.
 Did you know that Netflix scientists did a study and that there are actually more instances of sex violence and smoking that on network TV
 Yep I agree, I remember in stranger things that Winona Ryder is constantly smoking, that probably affected their study results LOL
 Yep I agree, it is weird that different movie stars accepted money to smoke on screen, like how Sylvester Stallone accepted half-a-million dollars for smoking in Rambo and Rocky 4
 Yep smoking used to be really cool but now it's not very cool anymore, especially in today's climate, but I guess people are mad that Netflix is increasing tobacco usage and that may make a situation where it becomes cool again
 LOL yes and I also contribute to that, I watch a lot of YouTube and Netflix and YouTube together take up half of the internet traffic in North America
 I'm surprise with all the bandwidth netflix uses up it still spends 20 times more on postage
 Yep that's a good point, I'm shocked that they even offer DVDs still, I'm also shocked that there was a $40 late fee for a copy of Apollo 13 on VHS LOL
 Yeah I heard about that they even sent the South Park creators flowers LOL that's awesome
 It's crazy that there is only one episode of the Simpsons that doesn't feature Bart in any capacity
 Yeah I agree I've never seen that episode though. I want to watch all the Pokemon episodes but they have almost 800 I will take me forever to watch them all LOL
 Yea thats a lot of pokemon, it's been on for 750 episodes and Ash still hasn't caught them all
 I know right! Did you like watching the show That 70s Show by the way? Apparently they tried to remake it in England
 That last one, common sense, seems to be more innate than learned behavior.  At least that's my experience. Did you know the trunk of one's car was named that because people literally used to put trunks in them?
 Not to mention the puzzled looks from the mechanic.  Like horses?  Icelandic horses have a 5th speed called "tolt".  We didn't have that on the ranch where I lived.
 They are very intelligent.  My dad used to ride horses to school in Texas. I guess students get suspended for that now. 
 They would look funny to see horses in a school parking lot that is for sure
 I wonder why that's illegal?  That's a silly thing to have a law about.  It's crazy that 1/3 of all divorce filings contain the word Facebook.  Probably lots of secret cheating and messaging going on!
 There is definitely a lot of influence on Facebook.  Simply put, there are more Facebook users today than there were people in the entire world 200 years ago!
 Definitely a lot of money.  They even lost about 25% of their market value last year when they had the data breach and subsequent hearings with Mark Zuckerburg and Congress.  Despite the loss, he's still very rich.
 I also did not know that trunks of cars were named that because trucks used to carry wooden trunks on the back?
 The name of Cadillac came from a French explorer who founded Detroit. That seems to be the birthplace of modern cars and motown.
 I did read that it is legal to have flame thowers on your car in South Africa to prevent car jacking. That is crazy!
 no kidding. Did you read that Burger king had a promotion that if you unfriend 10 people you get a whopper?
 The do have a thumbs down! I did not know that Facebook is mainly blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness?
 to change the subject a bit, Did you know that Clint Eastwood had an allergy to horses?
 I do. Did you know that you had to be 13 to make an account? Until recently I didn't think there was an age minimum. 
 I just check in about once a day and look through posts mostly. It's become a little too toxic for me. In 2012 it was valued at $104 billion! That's insane. 
 It is. I could understand if it was a dislike button maybe but not a like button. I don't understand several things places have done with Facebook. Iceland allowed the public to use Facebook suggestions to rewrite their constitution. That seems like a terrible idea. 
 I don't understand that one either. How did that benefit Burger King in any way?
 It is very interesting. I also just recently found out that Clint Eastwood had a mid-life allergy to horses. That's shocking when he did so many westerns. 
 I had no idea Icelandic horses have a 5th speed, tolt. Huh...
 I was not aware of that either. I honestly couldn't tell you the four speeds before that. 
 Yeah. I was surprised to learn that Trump is not among  the 3 richest Presidents.
 JFK, GWashington, an T-Jeff, not to be confused with A-Rod
 That is crazy. Not as crazy as Uranus, which rolls around the sun instead of spinning, but crazy nonetheless
 Very. Brutus sounds like a creep.
 If you get to be the president's guest you are really lucky. The guest house is larger than the white house.
 No, I did not know that. I cannot imagine that happening today!
 He sure was stylish. I kind of imagine him having a deep voice as he is depicted in film. Apparently his voice was actually high pitched!
 Really? I would have never guessed. At lease he abolished slavery and modernized our economy after he lead us through the civil war.
 Its moon would be a planet, that is if it orbited the sun.
 Uranus actually sounds kind of cute! It rolls instead of spins!
 Hmm, I haven't heard that though I have heard that about Pluto!
 Its legal to equip your car with a flamethrower in South Africa, so that seems like an odd law lol
 I don't really unless it is accompanied by dance. his performance seemed like it was going to be a defeat but suddenly became delightful
 I love dance as well. I knew Michael jackson did not do those dance moves on his own
 Yeah I always wondered how he did that. I also thought he invented the moonwalk but I guess tap dancer Bill Bailey did in 1955.
 Wow I never knew that. Big bad Tupac danced ballet in high school
 Lol That would have been funny to see that. did you know that Jim carrey doesn't make dramas any more ?
 I think he is better in comedies so maybe that's not such a bad thing.
 Interesting. I don't realy watch a lot of drama though I do like the melodrama called Ikea Heights. It's shot in the Ikea store without the store knowing. How creepy though.
 Yes and Hugh laurie made $700,000 per episode in house. thats a lot of money for TV
 Nice! Do you like Emily Clarke? She did the funky chicken and robot dance at the audition for Daenerys Targaryen.
 I do like Emily Clarke. Do you like creed ? In 2002 a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band
 I agree. You can't just leave them alone. So that would make doing vacations and traveling very full of hassle for me. one thing I didn't know is that dogs have 12 different blood types
 Yeah,that is how I feel. They are really smart though. They can understand pointing.
 They sure can! So can elephants, dogs and elephants are the only animals who can understand pointing. You would think that a gorilla or a dolphin or another really smart animal would be able to though
 And I had heard that dogs were color blind but I guess they are not.
 Nope they sure aren't. They just can't see as many colors as humans can. And I love Google even more now because apparently they are a dog company as per their code of conduct haha
 So I was doing some research on Google about cars modifications one day. In South Africa you can put flame throwers on your cars to prevent carjacking.
 Speaking of hamburgers, McDonalds originally added their drive thru to accomodate soldiers who were in fatigues.
 That is really nice of them! It's shocking that the drive-thru was invented in 1975. It seems so obvious that you would think it would have had it been invented before then haha
 Well too bad it has contributed to my laziness in the modern era though haha.
 Because cars used to have actual trunks attached to the back of their cars. I wonder if there was a lot of trunk jacking?
 That's a good question. I'm actually from Detroit and I didn't know the origin who founded it. But now I know is that French explorer and that Cadillac was named after him. That's pretty cool
 Yeah that is neat. Do you like watching professional racing?
 Not really. I do think it's cool that Jann Mardenborough got recruited because he was really good at playing video games!
 Did You know that there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives ?
 what does it mean "a dog company" ?
 Not sure how is that helping Google ;)
 I would never trust a self driving technology... what is that aggressive mode ?
 ...but I love driving by myself... don't You ?
 What do You mean ? Why can't You warm Your car ?
 I mean it's good for the car to warm up... silly Ohio...
 Man, mine too!  Linkin park must've played everywhere in 2001.
 That is a pretty smooth move!  Not British but I also like Jon Hamm. Mad Men was so cool.
 My grandmother really likes it. So I've heard a lot of Italian and French stuff but I did not know that conductors played such a role in the quality of the music
 That makes sense in context but otherwise sounds crazy excessive. I think this performance had about that many PLUS they were all drumming and blowing into conch shells
 And even now that it isn't, they're still pretty popular. The Ramones toured for like 20 years straight...doesn't leave a lot of time for writing new material
 I do remember hearing that and I don't know how they lived through it unless they had body doubles at some concerts! Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an amphitheater in Pompeii.
 hey did you know that the drive through was only invented in 1975? It seems like that wasn't too long ago
 ya I think it was in the late 1800s when they invented the car, the trunk of the car is actually called that because people used to put wooden trunks way in back
 Oh I see, I though it was in the 1900s I remeber reading about an old Ford model that was produced in that year.
 ah that would be the first ford yes, I'm from Michigan so I was shocked to learn that Cadillac was named after a french explorer who founded Detroit
 ya I'm a dog person, I held a wonderful dog earlier today! and apparently dogs are not actually color blind, they just can't see as many colors as a human can
 I see I always thought they could only see black or white colors, dogs sure are surprising like theres also 12 different types of blood a dog can have.
 ya, I'm afraid of needles too haha, did you know that Stephen King was terrified of the movie bambi when he first saw it as a kid?
 Wow thats surprising as he is like the king of horror movies, I guess Bambi is scarier than what I thought
 haha yes I'll need to watch at least 2 movies, I do like knowing that the boy from the Shining didn't know he was acting in a movie when he was a kid, that could really have messed him up
 You mean that he's British?  I heard he got a lot of money for that show.  My wife also watch Mad Men, I think mainly because she liked Jon Hamm.
 It's always interesting to learn how things got their names, like the trunk of a car comes from when cars used to have wooden trucks on the back
 Man... I understand why there was a moral panic in the 18th century if that is the message.
 No I didn't, that is really interesting, especially because I really enjoy abstract art. I was going to watch the exorcist today actually but maybe I will wait until tomorrow and go to the art gallery today first.
 Not really but it is pretty heartbreaking. You don't consider it a horror do you?
 Wow! He must have seen it at a really young age. Perhaps even influenced him further in life.
 Wow, I did not, but I can't say I really cared for House.
 Nice yes I like it too. Jim Carrey used to make dramas but not anymore because his believe system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.
 Yes I agree with you there 100%. A great show is house MD. Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever earning close to $1 million per episode.
 Yeah it seems like they would be very effective in preventing carjacking. Regardless I want to see it in action.
 I didn't know The Flash tv show did a musical episode too that featured the villian Music Meister
 Really? That sounds like it would be hard to do in the superhero crime setting.
 Maybe, I know the comics Flash has done some crazy stuff like beating death in a race to the end of space-time
 He has won so many back to back titles with the New England Patriots.
 Wow! That is an incredible fact. He has been playing almost two decades so he has perfected his game.
 Yes, he was scouted by two major league teams. He must have a good arm. One that can hit a ball out of the ballpark.
 This year they really underperformed.  As a browns fan, it feels like Cleveland has more energy, though the Pats are in the playoffs.
 Yeah, there's a lot of apathy.  Funny, since 1900, the taller candidate has won the presidential election 75% of the time.
 Thats an interesting fact. Im really surprised by that
 Maybe I should vote in NV where they have "none of these candidates" as an option.  I feel like that sometimes.
 Pokemon would be far more painful.  I can't believe there are over 750 episodes!
 Speaking of presidents, the only one with a phd is woodrow wilson.  I wonder what it is in?
 That would make sense.  Did you ever imagine taking a selfie with a president?  Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and in his photo was John Wilkes Booth.  Not so great, huh?
 Well our first president couldn't tell a lie and worked with Cherry Trees
 What do you think about Trump replacing the secretary of State with CIA director Mike Pompeo?  
 Truman was apparently onto something when he found so much corruption and waste in the government (in fact 10 to 15 billion dollars that Roosevelt selected him as VP
 Speaking of fashion and styles, North Korea's Kim Jong Un cuts his own hair due to fear of barbers.  Wonder why?
 How does one learn to drive at age 3?
 How do you teach yourself at age 3?
 I like watching TV, I sometime watch the simpson. I didn't know I though bart play in all the episodes.
 Yes, I just realized about pokemon, 50 episodes for 16 years straight, that's a lot.
 Did you know that there was a President that wasn't republican or democrat? I though all Presidents was one or the other.
 Did you know that every US President with a beard was a republican? Hahaha
 Hahaha, you are right, I was thinking the same thing. That sound Interesting to me and gave me a laugh at the same time.
 Do you know I have heard this time after time that the taller candidate has won US President election 75% of the time.
 I try to keep informed but I agree it is rather depressing.  I didnt realize Kim Jong Un was so young, well he is my age.  I thought he was older.
 Haha, well maybe he just ages faster. Supposedly he drove at age three.
 Wow.  Living the accelerated life.  At 3 Im pretty sure I still fell over while walking.
 Haha. Well Kim John Un is sexy right? The Onion made fun of him and voted him as sexist man alive and China believes it.
 And I read that Kim Johng Un was born on January 8 1983. But I also heard that we do not know how old he actually is.
 I'm really surprised by that since two of them have happened in my lifetime. 
 The electoral college makes it happen.  It was useful in the 1800's now, Is it needed??  Trump and Kim Jong Un will meet soon, that is historic I guess.
 It is hard to believe the crazy things from North Korea, like Kim Jong Un cuts his own hair.  Then we look at Trumps hair and realize... these things are related.
 Is that so, interesting, do you know how the idea of fast food drive-thrus was born?
 Good point.  It might cost even more if you are in South Africa!  It's legal there to put a flame-thrower on your car!
 If they were ballet shoes, they probably wouldn't last long.  I hear dancers go through four pairs of those shoes each week!
 SKYNET IS REAL!!!!!! I guess it probably does deter carjackers in South Africa.
 I can't believe the car was invented in 1886. I thought it was later!
 Haha so true! Do you know how Cadillac got its name?
 That's new info to me! I always thought a president was a democratic thing. Random fact: Brian May, the guitarist from Queen, has a PhD in astrophysics
 School shootings are so upsetting.
 when kids have to question the president about why was a killer able to terrorize their school
 I didnt know that . The U.S president's guest house is larger than the white house
 That is a very surprising fact.  Also, the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr
 the wealthiest presidents are JFK, Washington, Jefferson. I thought trump would be lol
 I was until I knew she removed her music from spotify because "music should not be free"
 Did you know that she had to walk backward to avoid having her photo taken
 I think they can still take a good picture that way too
 she is rich as well! she owns a 40 million private jet
 sometimes I look at those wealthy people and I thank god Im not as wealthy if thats how people become lol
 same here. good night
 Siri keeps track of me and everything I do? Sounds suspicious. 
 Despite all this negative press, he still got elected. Which, to me, is baffling.
 yeah me too. do you know there is a fish that can eat a prey twice its size?
 yes that is the one. do you know there is a fish that has a neck?
 Yeah, they are amazing overall. Did you know the male carries the babies?
 I just asked her and she sung me, "If I only had a brain"  from the Wizard of Oz.  Technology is so cool!
 I like some good blackened Mahi Mahi from our local Seafood restaurant, it's the bomb!  I live in Florida and I try to stay away from all jellyfish if I can.  Lol
 Yeah, you're so right, frozen is just not the same as fresh fish.  It's the best.  I read in the paper today that the zebrafish is very unique.  In the fact that 84% of genes that cause diseases in humans have similar counterparts in the zebrafish, as well.
 I think I remember that happening. Hilary certain has lead an interesting life even if she never reached her goal of becoming president. Strangely she was president of young republicans when she was in college.
 Yes actually. Reading about the past grammys since the awards were yesterday I saw that. Not for singing though, just spoken word. I wouldn't exactly say she has a very soothing voice.
 Even though I'm not her biggest fan she did get my vote. Did you know astronauts vote from space? 
 Well they still probably get emails. The voting system is messed up Hilary actually got 65 million votes and still didn't win. That's actually the 3rd highest vote total ever.
 Probably just think american is showing off their wealth. Did you know Trump is not even one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents? Although I assume that is inflation adjusted as he must have more actual dollars then anyone before him.
 I mean how could George Washington have more dollars? back then even 1 million dollars was probably unimaginable.
 I like the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana.  Never knew that.
 lol... no I hadn't.  And I thought our presidents were on the colorful side at times.
 Hi how are you doing? The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 That's surprising JFK was one of the wealthiest presidents, I figured there were more wealthy ex presidents than him
 Maybe that has changed though,  we have a new President who is pretty wealthy!
 I don't know if it's more amazing than the president of indonesia releasing 3 pop albums though
 That's shocking, the guests have more room than the president!
 I see,  I'm not sure if that's a good thing lol 
 That's interesting, Ancient Athens did the same thing
 President james buchanan had a boyfriend whom other politicians referred to as "his better half"
 Have a good one,  nice talking to you
 Wow...I didn't realize that either. I saw the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Haha that's funny. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop star too?
 haha me either. Up until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election was given the vice president role.
 I'd be alright with that haha. I can't believe there are no walmarts in new york city because of intense opposition!
 That's crazy. I would have never guessed that. 
 Money talks everywhere haha. It's probably the same thing as Chicago and we now know why it's called the windy city!
 Yes it does. In Kentucky, politicians must swear an oath that they've never been in a duel before.
 That's too funny that they have that law still in place! It is sad that the voter turnout never even reaches 62.8 percent!
 Maybe one day people will turn out and it will be a good showing of people's rights! I would vote for a president named Banana for sure!
 Yes!! It could double as his pop album name!
 I think they should do elections like they did back then, as a lottery haha.
 Did you hear that an adult-film star was reportedly paid to stay silent about a sexual relationship with Trump before he was president?
 The Washington post couldn't confirm the payment , but the Wall Street Journal reported that a lawyer for Trump paid an adult film actress $130,000 before the 2016 election for silence in an incidence from 10 years ago.
 Well Trump and Cohen say it never happened.  I don't know what to think.  Past presidents as well have had their infidelities, but I don't condone any of them.
 Where was that?  Did you hear that there are no Walmarts in NYC due to opposition from local unions and politicians.  I guess they make everything go out of business that NYC wouldn't be the same if Walmart came in.
 The candidates must have been really opposed. Did you know that politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never been in a duel before taking office.
 Did you know that since the 1900's taller candidates have won 75% of the time
 That is one odd fact.  Nevada has a "none of those candidates" voting option for presidential elections.  Nice talking with you.
 So I was reading about politics the other day, and did you know that President is actually a very common title for the head of state.  It isn't used exclusively in the US.
 Actually I do.  The first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  What a name...
 If I recall correctly, they were JFK, Washington and Jefferson.  I never would have guessed that.
 Did you also know that they President's guest house is bigger than the white house?  It must be enormous!
 I can't believe that dictators can be called presidents.  I had always thought before that President had a different connotation. 
 Wow, that is crazy.  How do you have time to run a country and release pop albums.  Maybe his role was more of a figure head, so he didn't have to really run the country.
 I agree.  People need to brush up on politics.  Sometimes I think it is troublesome that we have differentiated the parties so much, such as giving them red and blue colors.  That started only 19 years ago, in 2000.
 I think it is very strange that the senate has a candy desk. 
 Not sure, I might have. I don't really pay attention to politics. Too depressing.
 Yes, presumably it's adjusted for inflation, but JFK, Washington and Jefferson.
 Yes you're right. It's shocking that Trump is not in that list o. What do you think about the fact that the guest house is bigger than the White House itself? How is that possible
 Wow, interesting! Wonder if the president of Indonesia has a presidential residence. He has released three pop albums while in office.
 Yes I wonder how rich he is! I also wonder how rich president banana is of Zimbabwe haha maybe he is a banana millionaire
 I think there are problems with both parties. There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or a Democrat since 1853!
 Crazy! It's also crazy that Ronald Reagan was originally a Democrat and not a Republican, he would campaign against High corporate profits back in the day
 And I find it interesting that constant red and blue for the parties only started in 2000.
 Yes I always thought it started earlier than that. I was also shocked to learn that Fox News almost Sue to The Simpsons because they would make fun of them too much LOL
 Ha, funny. I find it shocking that 15 percent of the tea party identify themselves as democrats.
 That is shocking. It's also shocking that the United States had a gavel that lasted for almost two hundred years before Richard Nixon broke it LOL
 Oops! Speaking of the US senate, women weren't allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 93 after two senators staged a protest by wearing pantsuits.
 Yeah that wasn't that long ago. I'm shocked they couldn't wear pants! I'm also shocked that the Senate has a candy desk haha that makes me hungry
 Oh, and it's not just mints like I thought they might be. They are the good stuff, like Milky Way bars and jellybeans.
 Yes those are delicious! All of Them are apparently made in Pennsylvania for some reason too
 Ah, I didn't know that. Man, I have to go out to get a candy bar now! Have a good night!
 Yeah honestly I would put him at the top. Historically the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Thank goodness they got rid of that.
 Yes I believe you're correct. I'm also frustrated by the new stations that are so one-sided. Like Fox news. They actually once threatened to sue The Simpsons.
 Yes I find that contrast quite odd. A consistent use of red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in the year 2000.
 Wow that is a staggering number. Nixon broke a gavel that was used by the Senate for 165 years too! Well I hope you have a good day, thanks for the chat!
 That I'm not sure about. I learned that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana!
 Yeah the shocking fact is that it was at age 25, it seems like he had a harsh childhood.
 Yup, I wonder if he ever golfed. Babe Ruth was a known golfer
 I didnt know that, hopefully he was as good as in baseball, Samuel L. Jackson is a big golfer as well.
 Do they? I heard they take on massive ammounts of water.
 I heard there is one on Dubai that consumes about 4,000,000 gallons of water per day! 
 Yes, I agree. I guess professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
 Well, I know that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain.
 I'm not sure. Hard to believe there is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest.
 I guess so. Amazing how Facebook has changed our lives. It's hard to believe it was launched 2-4-04.
 I wonder if there is a cure. I am surprised that FB allows anyone that claims to be 13 to get an account. Wow!
 Yes, I was surprised to read that. I didn't realize he danced ballet. That would be really cool to see.
 I can't imagine how hard that must be on your feet. I was also surprised to read about Bruce Lee and his dancing career.
 I would have never expected him to dance cha-cha.  Did you read about the Burger King promotion where they gave you a free whopper if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook? I can't believe I never heard about that.
 I'm surprised to hear that. I'm used to not getting service in places like that. Sometimes I don't even get service in high rise buildings. But I guess the internet has gotten more essential in our world
 I can't even imagine the internet burning down. Did you know the 3 line horizontal menu is called the hamburger button? I never knew that but I can see how it looks like one.
 I was surprised to read that it's 7%. I guess most people don't read them. I wonder what kind of people do read them.
 I do like cars, somehow its illegal to warm your car in Ohio apparently
 yes I heard the first one was made by Karl Benz, who later joined to create Mercedes-Benz
 oh ok interesting, well I do live in Michigan, did you know that Audi had to create a new car horn to withstand the heavy use in indian markets?
 I didn't know that no, what does scare me is googles self driving cars have a special mode called "aggressive", I don't know how to feel haha
 Oh my!  There must have been a lot of dwarfs back then!!
 Hello!  How you doing?  Did you know that up until 1805 the runner up in a President race would become the vice president?  Can't imagine all the fighting and jealousy THAT would have caused!
 I'm great how are you! Oh I'm sure I couldn't believe that either. The Vice President probably always prayed something would happen to the president haha.
 Plus back in older times, it would have probably have been easier for unscrupulous VPs to arrange an "accident" for a sitting president!
 Exactly! Do you know who the top three wealthiest presidents were?
 That is right! I was wondering about JFK but that totally makes sense!
 They would be the most popular person ever hahaha. They ought to put a recording studio in the white house guest house!
 They did? Wow I need to look into that one! Do you like to wear hats?
 When I was younger I think I wore some.  Nowadays it's hard to find any that'll fit my head.  Ha!
 haha me too! I didn't know the common hat in the old west was the bowler, not the cowboy hat!
 That is pretty neat!  Did you know tipping ones hat comes from the knights of old?
 Really?  I didn't know that.  But yeah, knights would lift their visions to show friendliness.  
 Do you know where the conical party hat came from?
 Yeah, I think it's based on the "dunce" cap, that were once worn at parties to encourage foolish behavior.  You know, they also used to put those on the heads of misbehaving students back in the old days. 
 Very interesting! Do you follow congress much?
 Wow, really!! I can see that happening, especially if you are clicking all day long everyday!!
 Good for that! Never know about fires...Guess we won't be seeing Jim Carrey in anymore serious movies! lol
 Yes, His comedies are good!  Did you watch House, Hugh Laurie made $700,000 an episode!!
 I know.... we need that as well!! Hard to believe hiccups come from land animals that had gills and lungs. Who knew? Good chat!!
 yes I have a VW JEtta, crazy that the car was invented back in 1886!
 yup, Karl Benz, who later joined with Mercedes to creat that brand
 yup, it was nice because back then soldiers couldn't leave their car in uniform so it was their only option to get food
 Apparently there are more libraries than McDonald's which is absolutely shocking to me because within my city I can think of 3 libraries and 6 McDonalds.
 oh ya I agree, I live near detroit, didn't know the founder's last name was Cadillac
 some of them are yes, I would like to get a Model T someday though they were made back in 1908!
 ya I don't know, have you ever played the game Gran Tourismo?
 well this guy apparently beat like 90k people and then became a real race car driver, I want to do that!
 I have an account but I don't use it as much as I did in the past after all the madness surrounding data collection.
 same here. there are upsides! did you know there are more people on the site than there were in the WHOLE WORLD 200 years ago? thats insane
 Awesome!  You know, I heard there was a teenager in Africa that learned how to build a windmill out of junk, just by reading a book from the library.
 Yes, it.  He brought power to his whole village, just by reading a book!
 A Mercedes, that's a cool car!  Do you know that Carl Benz invented the car in 1886?
 I think I heard that before, smart of Alexandria to want to collect books!  I had no idea a French explorer founded Detroit!  His name was Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac - the Cadillac was named after him!  I'm not sure why they didn't name Detroit after him...
 Interesting! Also odd to see you can't legally warm your car in Ohio. 
 Woah! That's surprising!  There's this guy, Jann Mardenborough, he became a professional race car driver by beating over 90,000 people in Gran Turismo!  I wonder if Google will ever make a self driving car to do professional racing??
 That's cool. Did you know McDonald's added a drive through to accomaaccom soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars in uniform
 And now look where he is. Odd fact it's legal to add flame thrower to your car to prevent car jacking.
 I'm surprised 13 year olds can create a FB. 
 Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005
 Facebook was only limited to Harvard students at one point
 Ha. It does seem absurd. I wonder if they are allowed to make comments and to share articles and photos.
 I didn't know that Zuckerburg has a touch of colorblindness. 
 Ha! That's true. I think it's really interesting how "Facebook" started out just as a communication tool among college students. To think it grew to billions of active users all over the world!! Wow.
 That is so true. I guess people in finland have the right to an internet connection.
 Oh, I misunderstood.  So they have free internet?  
 They have the right to purchase internet access perhaps.  Heck you can even get internet access on top of Mt Everest
 Yes, I love it. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a role because he didn't look Presidential?
 Yes, Not sure how we lived without it.  Did you know that on a website, the 3 horizontal line menu on apps are called a hamburger button.
 no, there is not.  There is a saved copy of the internet at the library of Alexandria in case the internet burns down.
 Yes it is.  I saw that only 7% of people on the internet read the full terms when buying a product or service.
 I love a little of all.  My wife studied dance in college actually and has a degree in dance from NY.  I heard that Bruce Lee was a great dancer.
 My wife old me that professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shows a week.
 Ha, were you a big Nintendo fan? Did you know the last one was made in 2003 in Japan?
 I was more of a sega fan to be honest and that went on to playstations. I did watch a lot of Bill Nye growing up though, he was so cool and smart.
 Not really, I have heard that is what helped rise him to fame, he looked so much like Steve Martin and won a look-a-like contest. Those were some weird times to have a Steve Martin look a like contest ha.
 That's funny. Bruce Lee was not only a martial arts expert but he also was a great dancer and even won a championship, who would've known.
 He did? wow, that is impressive I guess martial arts and dancing are closely related
 They do ha, I wonder if they do it on purpose or if it is truly spontaneously? They smile though and thats awesome when they hear the beat.
 Yes - even mount everest at its peak has internet!
 That is pretty crazy.   It is addicting - the constant novelty from clicking links can actually cause brain damage!
 Yep 30% of American adults get their news there as well.
 Really? well that makes sense, almost everyone has an account now.
 Hello,  how are you?  do you like horror films?Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw. 
 Yes, and Disney movies can be really scary!  ET was originally scripted as a horror film
 Wow, maybe I should start watching!  Although losing sleep might make me eat more calories. 
 Good question!  Did you know that the writer of Rocky Horror picture show is the voice of the dad from Phineas and Ferb?
 Never heard of that, but I think we are trained to respond to it being scary or do others in other countries not exposed react the same way?
 How do you like Facebook?  hard to believe it was launched in 2004.  The founders went to pretty prestigious schools.
 interesting. Wonder if facebook news is reliable because 30% of Americans use it as their prime news source
 Facebook has 56 custom gender options for a total of 58 including male and female
 Interesting.  I wonder if other countries are adding comments.  Just think if the Facebook engineers would have chosen their original "awesome" button instead of "like"
 That's a good way to burn calories lol. Christopher Nolan meant for Inception to be a horror film and it ended up being a heist film.
 That's pretty crazy he didn't find out until years later.
 That's pretty odd he thought that. Did you know E.T. was originally scripted to be a horror movie?
 I'll take a look. The writer of rocky horror pictures is the voice of the dad on Phineas and Ferb.
 I didn't know that, but I bet lots of guys joined drama class because of the girls.
 That's odd. I wonder why it is illegal lol?
 That's interesting. A third of divorce filings in the US back in 2011 contained Facebook.
 I agree. There are more people on Facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago. 
 I did not. What was his name?
 It's a lifetime endorsement. 
 did you know that there is potential proof of life on a moon of saturn? It would be life based on methane which is crazy!
 that is crazy, we need more moon dust! we should go back to the moon to get some and do experiments on it, I bet it has some very wild properties, crazy to think they almost put a UN flag instead of a USA flag on the moon
 Hahaha, no I don't believe the moon is hollow, but hey who know lol.Also the moon is the 2nd brightest planet in the sky, kinda creepy to think the moon is getting closer to earth yikes!
 wow that is creepy, like will it hit the earth eventually? At least that way everyone would be able to say they walked on the moon haha
 yes that is amazing, do you watch TV at all? I used to like the Simpsons but haven't seen any episodes in a while, I guess there is only 1 episode where Bart is neither mentioned or shows up 
 haha you love the moon! yes I do like that 70's show, I guess they tried to remake it in the UK but it was cancelled after only ten episodes, bummer that they missed out!
 that is wild, I wonder what made them change over from using the married couple? that is definitely a lot to keep track of and a lot of responsibility, you'd think they'd use a computer program haha
 I wish but I don't. The guitar would have been my jam!
 Awesome! I know that Queen's Brian May has a PHD in astrophysics. Talk about smart!
 Speaking of an old fireplace, I can't believe Eddie Van Halen started stuido speakers on fire while playing!
 I didn't know that! Are you a fan of Phish? Trey Anastasio played in a D.C. synagogue. I think he's Jewish?
 I can't recall that band? What good song do they have? I do like to listen to all sorts of things on the radio though, especially free radio dramas!
 Thanks for that awesome fact! Have you heard of foxhole radios back in WW1? Those are insane to think about.
 Yes and pencils! I wonder what it sounds like? It's probably better than Justin Bieber lol.
 Wow! Bob Marley has them beat when it comes to being on the album chart: 914 weeks! And he is currently number 69.
 Even after death he's still rocking out! I wonder if the 100 year old twins made it on it?
 I'm not sure, I think they were from Japan and released a rap album in 1992.
 Oh really? I'll have to watch for them. Well have a great day!
 ah I see, yes Brian May from Queen used a coin I think, he also has a PHD in astrophysics which is very wild to me
 yes thats a good question, what I can say is that in Canada forty percent of all radio has to be Canadian content, so I don't know but it sounds like a lot of that radio would not be that good haha
 ya I don't know how that works, I think they did that in WWII and called it a foxhole radio, but ya I wish I knew how to do that
 It definitely pays well. The highest paid state employees is either a college football or basketball coach in 39 out of 50 states. That seems like a lot.
 I had no idea. I also did not know that launch angle is increasing in baseball.
 no I didn't know that, also I didn't know kickball is called soccer-baseball by people in Canada haha
 Baseball managers wear uniforms in case they have to play? Weird.
 that is werid, I've never seen that, also I want to find millions of dollars of old baseball cards in my attic! That guy who did that is super lucky!
 Yeah. Up until 2005 a married couple made the MB schedule. That has to be a lot of work!
 ah I can imagine, have you ever been to japan? Apparently baseball is super popular over there
 haha that is funny, do you have any other wild knowledge on a topic? LIke I guess there is evidence of life on one of the moons of saturn
 I remember those phones.  How far we have come by carrying around a cell phone in our pocket everywhere.  The iphone has more computing power than the us nuclear deterrant system.  And we all own one.
 It is amazing when you try to understand the tech behind it.  It works by converting sound into electronic signals.
 I don't know how someone even thought of that idea.
 Or do you ever think about how they got those cables on the ocean floor?  They are less than 3 inches in diameter and they carry so much information including internet data.
 I am sure a lot of people do.  Surprised they didn't do that.  Maybe they didn't because the simpsons made fun of fox news.
 Really, that is interesting.  I guess the news and politics have a long standing relationship/
 Yeah, I've been wanting to subscribe to Netflix, but I'm a bit strapped for cash right now, so I just stick to regular cable... Speaking of the Simpsons, did you know there's only ONE ep where Bart doesn't not appear and isn't mentioned?  
 I don't think I have.  I DID catch that big solar eclipse we had last... summer was it?  That was pretty wild, everything going dark in the middle of the day..
 Speaking of the moon, the highest point on that sucker is 1938 meters higher than Mt Everest!  Didn't know it was that big!  Probably be easier to climb though with the lower gravity and all..
 I heard that recently.  So crazy!  I bet the weather there is wild!
 So crazy.  I bet NASA has some moon dust.  They should make an exhibit where moon dust is blown into a tunnel and through a Kevlar material. Ha ha.  Imagine a super hero or James Bond sprinkling "moon dust"
 No, I didn't!  That would be pretty amazing!  It'd go against all the principles of life as we know it!  Speaking of moons.. did you know Mars's moon Phobos is 1/3 hollow?
 I didn't!  It would be funny if we exported all of our greenhouse gas methane to Saturn's moon.
 Yeah, although dunno how practical that would be. unless we find a cheap way to teleport stuff!  :)
 Oh, wow, that I didn't know.  Although I'd be a bit nervous to try it... hehe!
 I find it crazy how much players make just off shoe deals. Allen Iverson is still making 800k a year for a lifetime deal he signed with Reebok
 They seem hung up on shoes.  When Air Jordans came out they were banned.  Jordan wore them anyway while Nike paid his fines.
 That's a good way to put it.  It began in New Orleans in the early 1910s. 
 I am surprised as well that it isnt causing more drama
 Michael must have.  He got into acting because the hot girls at his school were in drama class.  It worked out for him.
 I doubt it.  One could probably find a lot more jazz -- maybe even Clint Eastwood playing the piano. 
 Did you know that there's over 750 episodes of Pokemon? That's like 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight. 
 Wow good memory. I guess the focus was less on homer and his family and more on history
 Yeah that was pretty much it. After the South Park aired its Family Guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew.
 Hi! I love basketball as a matter of fact but can't believe the highest paid state employees in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches. Do you watch any basketball?
 Poor guy! But is quite ironic, isn't it? Ha! Although that's not as embarassing as having a basketball team named "The Blacks" like they do over in New Zealand. I can't believe they even allow them to get away with that.
 I actually heard about him on Fox News recently. They talked about how dunking was banned in college basketball because of him. That is unbelievable! Speaking of which, do you watch Fox News?
 I do here and there as well. I still can't believe it's watched more than both MSNBC and CNN combined. That's insane!
 I have an iPhone now. Speaking of which, did you know IPhones have more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent? That is wild!
 Yes, people are getting pretty corny, too. I heard a judge who was trying Eminem gave her ruling by rapping it.
 Are you serious!!! Ronald Reagan was one of my favorite US presidents.
 I didn't know this. Have you ever watched the TV drama show House?
 Really... did not know that!
 Are you serious?  That's crazy!  I'm not much of a horror film fan either
 No, I didn't.  But that's a killer workout!
 I never saw Inception, but that was supposed to be a horror film originally
 That is crazy, that movie is just crazy in general.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 I didn't know that! I was really surprised to learn the reason. I thought it was just for general convenience. 
 Same! I like learning a lot about the history of cars and transportation. It's crazy that it's legal to equip flame throwers to your car in South Africa! I don't know if I could do that myself. 
 I was just thinking about how crazy that is! It seems like something you'd see in a video game to me!
 For sure!! Or a movie! 
 Yes! I also think it's crazy Jann became a professional race car driver by playing a video game! Maybe I need to play that game! Ha@
 Yeah! That's nuts! I didn't know something like that could translate into that sort of skill! 
 Yeah! That makes sense. Also it was interesting to learn that Cadillacs are named after the man who founded Detroit. Makes a lot of sense! 
 That does make a lot of since! Learning the history of cars is really interesting.  To change the subject, I didn't know Tupac's music was in library of congress. I don't even know if I know his songs!
 I haven't really looked much into Tupac's music as well, I'm still stuck on earlier rap music like Run DMC, ha ha. And it's cool to know that Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist. I love drawing too!  
 I am very excited. Why do you leave this world ?
 Dang! That must be nice. I bet she made a pretty penny. Ha! Like Judge Judy, she makes around $123k per episode. She's actually the highest paid celeb after LeBron, if you can believe that.
 Same here. Never would have guessed she'd be the highest. I mean, I would think even Carol Burnette would make more, especially considering she was the first celeb to appear on Sesame Street.
 Ha! Is that so? I didn't know that. I do know Eminem actually wanted to be a comic book artist growing up. Imagine how that would have turned out? I certainly can't!
 I know, right? Hey, at least we're not in south Africa where carjacking is so bad, it's actually legal to put flamethrowers in your car. Ha! That is wild! Well, it was nice chatting with you!
 No, I didn't know they were doing one. I know it was on Broadway.
 It could make a lot of money. But I've heard the highest paid celebrity isn't an actor, it's Judge Judy. Or at least she's one of the highest paid.
 Like Guitar hero?  lol Yeah that is amazing,  I dont understand how that works though,  that game doesnt even have pedals or a shifter lol 
 I know right!  Well its been great talking to you have a good one. 
 well I guess she didn't see it firsthand, she was alerted to the similarities by Lawyer.com
 haha yes I heard she is paid a lot per episode she does right? did you know that paris hilton has the guinness world record for most overrated celebrity? I think that should go to lohan haha
 haha ya Carol I think seemed really nice, and ya I can't believe how much celebs make these days, there is a youtube celebrity named Jenna Marble who makes over $300k a year
 oh thats cool, what do you think about Justin Bieber by the way? he was actually banned from facebook for a short time which is surprising
 I heard it was not the celeb that was banned, but someone with his same name...Is that true?
 ya you're right, someone who shared his name, I do like John Cena though he holds the record for most wishes granted by the Make a wish foundation, very nice of him
 haha I hope not that sounds scary! that's one way to warm up your car, and apparently warming up your car is illegal in ohio which is weird
 ya that was nice of them! Have you ever driven an Audi in India? Apparently when audi introduced their cars in that region they had to create a newer version of their horn because they were being used so much haha
 Yes, I was disappointed with Lebron and the Laker's performance. Lebron is practically a celebrity now, he's making the Space Jam movie!
 I didn't catch that, I wish someone in the NBA would shoot "granny style" since physicist have proved that granny style shooting is the best technique to consistently score points on the line
 They wouldn't have been able to dunk in college when Kareen was there. He got it banned.
 Was the bam ever lifted? Air Jordan's were also once banned by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway and Nike was willing to pay a fine for each game, what a great secondary advertisement for those shoes!
 I loved toy story. I had no idea Steve Jobs was the CEO there, between his apple stints.
 Yeah, that's a great film, he started the company and then sold it to Disney! I had no idea Robin Williams was the voice of Aladdin, because of that film, he was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.
 Carol Burnett was also the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street, I wonder if she was a voice actor or actually played herself?
 she doesn't make as much as Judge Judy. She makes $123,000 per episode!
 That's a lot, but I can't believe she's the highest paid celebrity only after Lebron James! I remember reading somewhere that the House actor made the most per episode
 Mueller filed a lot of charges, 98 in total.Trump says that it's a witch hunt.
 A very large witchhunt I might add. Four people have been indicted by Mueller's investigation team.The charges reach back as far as 2006!!
 There are a lot of different tyeps of charges too, from wire fraud, to identity theft, to false statements, to defrauding.
 Weird, it kind of seems like he went collecting people and charges over the years.
 Interesting. It's funny that in Ancient Athens officials were appointed by lottery. They thought elections would lead to oligarchy.
 Interesting. Even the name of the company sounded scammy-"Auction Essistance.
 Yes, it's sad. Speaking of different parties, I find it surprising that Hillary Clinton was president of Young Republicans in college.
 I like politics. Even world politics. Did you know that the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?
 He could cover Wonder wall and use that money to pay for his wall. He could be richer than the other top 3.
 Zimbabwe's first president was called President Banana!
 Up until 1805 the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the VP. Could you imagine that now? A Trump and Hillary duet album?
 It's kind of funny that Hillary was a republican in college. She was actually the president of young republicans. 
 I guess so, kind of like she likes to adopt a southern drawl when she's campaigning in the Southern states.
 That it is. Did you know that Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these candidates" voting option on the ballot?
 It would be nice if they had that for sure. 
 Hopefully it does. I hope you have a good night as well.
 yea, you are right
 I like the service but, I'm not surprised. Artists don't seem to earn much though. It takes 130,745 plays a day for an artist to earn minimum wage.
 I know I rarely do. I wonder if the Library of Alexandria has the terms of service archived in a special section. You know they have a copy of the internet in the new Library of Alexandria?
 Yeah, but it's only 3G so it may take a while to upload to Instagram.  
 That's awesome. I might have to check it out. I saw they actually have audible watermarks embedded in their music.
 Wow - that's a lot! The programmer of Spotify is also the programmer of Utorrent.
 That would be very cool to hear. In Canada, it's required by law to play at least 40% of the music from Canada.
 I have heard that. I also heard there is 3g cell service as well.
 Not too sure on that. The library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in the event it were to burn down.
 I agree. Did you know people can become addicted to the internet?
 I think so too. The 3 horizontal line menu item on apps and websites is called the hamburger button.
  I actually didn't know the thing about the vice president being the runner up before 1805, I was surprised I had no idea of that. 
 Oh and then we this man in Indonesia dropping mixtapes while in office. Truly a politician worth voting for if he's an artist as well.
 Yeah I'll surely need to check out what he has to offer after this. I am hoping for some high quality bubble gum pop matieral. In the third portion it mentions that british members of governtment had to wear a top hat to make a point haha
 yes I agree, we certainly need to go about limiting the legnth of hairpins again too, way too dangerous. 
 For sure I agree, definitely a worrying trend. 
 As long as they used the appropriate products to clean the entire place down and if the casket was sealed with flex seal. 
 yes cheeki breeki indeed my friend. Overall I feel as though we have made great progress in the world of fashion for all nations with this discussion. 
 I love that show, and your cynicism is just funny. You appear to be mellow as it is.  
 Yes shirts and hats go well together. In 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order and the house of commons.
 Yes it sounds very conservative. The most popular hat in the old west days was the bowler, not the cowboy hat.
 That's a good way to put it. Tipping ones hat originates from Knights raising their face shield to show friendliness. Now everyone does it.
 es I think that word is very funny! In China, gang fashion involve layering as many shirts as you could and popping their collars. Good way to identify gang members.
 I wonder if he was in a gang? Surprisingly, polo shirts were invented for tennis players not polo players!
 Yes very strange. And they were made famous by a tennis player named Renee the crocodile Lacoste.
 Harry Styles from One Direction appears to be branching out.  He is producing a sitcom on CBS
 I did not know that.  Makes sense
 And the like button is actually illegal in a german state
 Maybe they shorted the stock. There's a lot of people who made money in the market and they are retiring in their 30's. Just like pop stars.
 I love Stephen King. Did you know he was terrified of Bambi when he was a child?
 Wow I did not know that! Although depending on how young he was I could see that. I was pretty scared the first time I saw it when I was about 4.
 That's an effective way to lose some calories for sure.
 Did you know the kid from the shining, Danny he didn't even know he was in a horror movie until years later? 
 Haha I did not know that. Pretty interesting though. If you watch a horror movie before viewing abstract art, you will enjoy the art more.
 That's kinda strange. I wonder why that is? I don't blame them for not telling him. He probably thought it was just a drama.
 Not sure why that is. The majority of creepy metallic noises in horror movies are from an instrument called the waterphone.
 That is pretty funny. It says it's because of his belief system which I believe has to do with projecting positive energy.
 He's weird but I guess that is to be expected. I recently found a website where you can listen to radio dramas for free. They have thousands so the entertainment is endless.
 That would be cool to find what the website is. I would listen to that quite a lot. 
 I'll send you the link it is pretty good. A lot of low end stuff though. Nothing with Hugh Laurie or any big time actors. He makes 700k per episode!
 Ok sounds good - thanks! I can't believe he makes that much per episode. He's the highest paid actor for drama TV.
 It's interesting that comedy actors get paid so much more. I guess it's that much more popular.
 I agree. Michael Caine became an actor because all of the prettiest girls were in drama class at his school.
 I agree. Jon Hamm taught drama class at his old high school and once had Ellie Kemper as his student.
 Oh from the office?
 In ancient Greece comedy was used to influence the opinion of voters.  It is interesting it had a political origination, since not all comedy today is political, though a lot of it is.
 Can you believe the horror man himself Stephen King thought Bambi was a horror movie haha.
 I agree! Some are nice though haha. Well it was great chatting with you!
 Oh man, I'm sure he'd end up writing a bunch of rap songs about it. I wonder if he'd let us know about Alien secrets?! 
 Mmm, sounds about right. But living in the white house seems amazing doesn't it? 
 i think they should bring the runner up is the vice president
 Well if the people don't like any of the candidates, at least Nevada can vote to opt out on any of them. Pretty interesting stuff! 
 Ah very true... Must be nice to be rich man. The net worth of both him and his spouse is probably insane. 
 Hi, do you like to watch basketball?
 I do occasionally. Maybe I would watch more if basketball players shot granny style when shooting free throws. That is the scientifically proven best way to consistently score points.
 Speaking of looking cool,I like Air Jordans. They were banned when introduced by the NBA but Jordan wore them beacuse Nike was willing to pay the fine every game.
 Lebron James also had a contract with Nike. Reebok offered him $10 million and he refused, thinking he could get something better. A year later, Nike offered him 100 million.
 Haha, right. I guess he was attracting people who weren't high school students anymore, as well.
 I also love stand up comedy, I have been to many live shows. Really? Green Lantern? Hahaha, glad it is they way it is!
 Friends was my favorite sit com from that era.  I am shocked it lost to 3rd Rock.
 Wow, that is a fast bus lol...they must have to strap you in at that speed! Better than paying high tolls like they have to do in Japan. I want to travel there someday. 
 Lebron James gets offered a lot of money. At one point he was the highest paid celebrity. Surprisingly Jude Judy was number two. 
 I didn't even know there was a new Space Jam on tap! Ya know, Michael Jordan seems to remain a great example as both a player and a human. 
 That's so petty. Meanwhile Chuck Taylor is a name forgotten, if known at all yet his Converse are still popular. $90 Million as merely a spokesperson for Nike as Lebron got seems so screwy - It's amazing how much cash is spent on sneakers advertising. 
 I've never been in one so only know what is mentioned on the interwebs lol. Evidently there was a TV show shot in one in California that the store didn't know about. 
 Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor for a TV drama ever for that show. He made $700,000 per episode!
 Yes he does have a lot of money.  He rejected a $10M offer from Reebok when he was 18 and within a year he accepted a $90M offer from Nike.  
 Yeah how cool. That guy is all over now. I mean, working with Warner and also working so much to fundraise for charities.
 Yeah, his fame has really skyrocketed. He gets paid more than Judge Judy and she gets paid a lot.
 Exactly. he must have always been a smart person. At only 18 he rejected a $10 million from Rebook.
 ya thats wild I would definitely have taken the money, even if I were paid like Hugh Laurie in HOUSE I still would have accepted that Rebook money haha
 I know but he played it smart because I guess he knew he was growing in popularity and said that adidas or nike will offer him more, which nike did.
 ya that takes a lot of discipline to turn that down, I think it's funny that the Granny Shot is the best way to actually score free throws but people refuse to do it because it looks stupid
 Yeah exactly, as long as you score who cares. And then you have Michael Jordan. When he launched and wore them he was fine and nike was fine with it.
 ya I remember that, I think he got fined for those shoes actually and Nike just paid the fee!
 Yup, they must have made much more in sales since Jordan was wearing them. Did you know that Reggi Miller's sister was much better than him in basketball
 Yeah I guess if you make the cut, you play. I really like that rule. Yeah, his sister kept shattering records when he thought he was.
 Did you know that basketball players are the highest paid of all other players?
 Probably a winner. Since 1900 the taller candidate has won the Presidential election 75% of the time.
 Well regardless of how likable and popular they may be, they apparently aren't likable enough. Voter turn hasn't exceeded 63% in the last 100 years.
 Then I guess we have a cat for office. Up until 1805 the runner up in Presidential election automatically became Vice President, assuming citizens were voting.
 I am surprised we do not have more educated and qualified Presidents. Or at least colorful. The President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Well you and I are apparently very good at psephology, that is the study of results and other statistics related to elections.
 Yeah, she had broken 8 national records and scored 105 points one day.
 Nice, and when he turns 55 he will get a lump sum of $32,000,000.
 Yeah, and some basketball players make a lot of money off of merchandise, like Jordan with Air Jordans. These were actually banned when introduced to the nba. But Jordan wore them anyway and paid a fine for each game.
 Yeah. Lebron James was also forward thinking. He rejected a ten million dollar offer from Reebok because he thought he could do better. ANd he was right. A year later, he got a 90 million dollar offer from Nike
 Absolutely.  It definitely ushered in a new era though.  Allen Iverson signed with Reebok and gets like $800 K per year until he is 55, whereupon he gets $32 M!
 Think about how LeBron James was able to skip college altogether.  Within a year of rejecting a pretty big show endorsement from Reebok, and when he could have been in college, James got a $90 M deal from Nike!
 If he is good at it he might not have to take much of a pay cut when he leaves the NBA.  After all, Hugh Laurie got like $700 K for each House episode.  
 speaking of tall things like the wall, did you know that 75% of presidential candidates who have won have been taller than their competition
 Wow, that is fascinating. The US president's guest house is actually even larger than the entire white house!
 I wonder why they built it that way, also I wonder why they call the president of zimbabwe president banana haha
 haha yup, and yes that would be a mess, speaking of elections  were you aware that Nevada has an option to choose none of the candidates when you vote?
 haha ya I agree, what is sad to me is that only 63% of voters at most have showed up to a presidential election, so many do not feel like there is a point to showing up
 personally I don't, they are young and don't always have a good grasp on the world yet, what about you? Maybe we should do like ancient athens and use a lottery system to avoid an oligarchy
 haha that is true, what do you think about Jay-z by the way, crazy that he went to the same high school as Notorious BIG and DMX
 Wow! That's no easy accomplishment. Same thing with Allen Iverson! He was so smart to sign a lifetime contract with Reebok to pay him $800K a year until he reaches age 55 and he'd get a lump sum of $32 million, talk about a great retirement fund!
 Oh wow, I think he's one of the few! But seeing that they can make millions from endorsements, I guess they don't need to. Like Lebron James who rejected a $10 million offer and accepted a $90 million from nike years later.
 Yeah! You think the name is what makes it embarrassing for the masculine players to use it? Even physicists have proved that granny style is the best technique!
 I used to watch it all the time and it's crazy to think about how someone who portrays a doctor make more than actual doctors! I think he made over $700K per episode!
 Yep I think that's a good option to have. I'm also glad we don't do a lottery like in ancient athens
 President banana makes me hungry! they should invite him to stay at the White House Guest House, which is shockingly bigger than the actual White House
 Yep I agree. people shouldn't judge candidates for the presidency by height though. Apparently 75% of the time the taller candidate has won, ever since 1900, that also seems stupid
 he'd also do the same with DMX, they all went to the same High School, maybe there is something in that water lol
 Oh that's interesting. Also interesting that he doesn't put his music on iTunes in terms of tracks. he only does full albums
 I actually like that song. I thought it was better than the Katy Perry and Snoop Dogg song California Girls, those two songs were meant to go head-to-head apparently
 Yeah he's been going for a long time. Although not as long as since we had our rule change about vice-presidents, that was back in 1805
 Meant to say Space Jam. Yeah, the guy is really amazing. I didn't realize until recently that he also has at least two Olympic gold medals!
 Well, we thought Judge Judy made a lot an episode, Hugh Laurie makes 700,000 an episode playing in the show House!
 Wow! Talk about running in the family! That probably makes for some awkward family holidays. 
 And a lot of irritated mom and dad I'm sure! I recently learned that Jim Carrey doesn't do dramas anymore - apparently he refuses to do projects that don't project positivity. It's a nice idea, but that sounds like it REALLY limits his options
 I love to travel, mostly because I love coming home. I didn't know that about the king of Hawaii. I didn't actually know Hawaii had a king. But I did know that many people in Iceland who don't have cars travel by airplane, since there isn't a rail system. It seems kind of wasteful to me.
 I don't actually know. There's no public train system, but perhaps there's a bus system? Iceland isn't huge, so maybe it's not an issue. I wonder if it's cheaper than traveling in Japan, where all the highways have tolls. 
 It's madness! I wonder if it's quick, traveling that way? I know the Dutch are planning a bus that goes 160 MPH, which sounds terrifying.
 It's such a good idea. I keep meaning to look into it. Do people still have phonebooks?
 I don't think I've seen one in years! Apparently, if you overlap the pages of two phonebooks, it's impossible to pull them apart. My question is, where do you find two phone books?
 No I didn't, that is a lot of points I can't even imagine. You know Stan Van Gundy? He was fined for saying that games shouldn't be played on Christmas Day.
 Can't imagine but I bet a lot! When Lebron James left Cleveland for Miami in 2010, his posters were marked down and sold for $17.41. That was the year american traitor Benedict Arnold was born lol.
 Yes I agree. Wow she must make a lot. I wonder hoe much soap opera stars make? Soap operas were named as such because they were sponsored by soap companies!
 Get deserves it he is so good in that show. You know the actor John Hamm? He taught drama at his old high school.
 I love him in comedies! The earliest dramatic works was actually by Aristotle's Poetics.
 Yes, and Nike still made money!
 Agree! Guess a coach can get fined if  you say, " you shouldn't play games on Christmas Day!"
 I know, Bet Spencer Haywood wished he took the %10 deal!
 Lebron James went thru a hated period in 2012.
 Yes! Didn't know he had a photographic memory and can remember exact game scenarios.
 I don't know a long time I guess. Growing up he was able to memorize moves and friends thought he was cheating!
 Probably could! Omg, In a Ikea store in CA is shot a show called, "Ikea heights':
 His sister overshadowed him in basketball in high school. She broke 8 national records!
 Wow I didn't know that. I really only saw him play towards the tail end of his nba career. That's crazy!
 He gets $800,000 a year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 That's crazy. That's LeBron James money and hes nowhere near that level of player.
 He did but it had no effect on him. Nike paid his fines!
 I'm doing good myself - thank you! Did you know Fox discussed a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons?
 I did hear that! I would have loved that, it's one my favorite shows ever. Out of all of the 30+ seasons, theres only 1 episode that doesnt feature nor does it mention Bart at all
 That's crazy! 
 I know. Even though you would think it, the Simpsons isnt even the show with the most episodes ever. A lot of animes have even more. Like Pokemon has over 750. It still running today which is crazy to think about because I watched it when I was a little kid
 Oh wow, that is crazy. I saw that Fox is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined. 
 I mean I only watch FOX for the news lol. I watch all kinds of other channels. 
 oh I was gonna say! I thought you only watch Fox News 24/7 haha. Did you know the video game journalism website is owned by the same peple who own Fox News? I thought that was a crazy fact
 haha. That's interesting about the video game journalism. Crazy fact for sure. I also saw that Fox threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from political agendas. 
 I didnt! What are they used for?
 I wonder what it could be used for. France almost makes since theyre such a close ally, but Ireland? thats odd to me
 Yea it's very odd to me as well. I saw that George W. Bush has solar panels added to the back of the white house.
 what a guy! Being green before it was all the rage. Thats a good idea to set a precedent for all future presidents. Something they should change though is their use of floppy discs for file storage. Still? those things died years ago!
 Yea, I didn't even know it was broadcast in 86 countires, that's crazy people in other countries watch it
 And that they believe all of it! They broadcast from the White house a lot too. I wonder what people think of that?
 Lol if true fox nex dedicates 55% of airtime to opinion, at least it's not 85% like msnbc
 Oh my! 85% I wonder if people know that, or just accept it as gospel? Did you know Teddy Roosevelt would not allow christmas trees in the white house?
 Yea, he was a conservationist. Jimmy Carter also cared about the environment and wouldn't set the thermostat more than 65 during the winter, crazy
 Really? I think thats the best part of the show! 
 I'm a big simpsons fan, apparently Homer has had 188 jobs throughout the first 400 episodes, that's almost a new job every 2 episodes!
 I do not understand why they wanted to sue the Simpsons since they own the Simpsons.
 Apparently, the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.
 I watch it only once a day - I mostly watch national news.  Apparently, there are over 750 episode of Pokemon.  That's a lot of episodes.
 I haven't been but it is on my list of places to visit. Not sure if I would like to visit Japan. If you are driving across the country all roads are toll roads. It costs more that $300 to travel across country. That adds up!
 Oh nice. Yeah that is a cool fun fact. Do you ever go through drive throughs with it? They were invented by McDonalds.
 Yes. So the soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues could get food. Who knew!!
 Yes there was! I am just glad that I am not living in South Africa were it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking. Scary!
 That would be scary but entertaining to see on the road. Didn't think the German inventor of cars ever imagined that would happen.
 Very crazy I always thought it was yellow but that is apparently due to atmospheric scattering.
 I had no idea the reason. Have you ever know anyone who has been struck by lightening. I have known 2 people. One who swears he has been struck twice. But he has been known to tell a tale. I know for sure he has one time but the other...Not so sure. It is 5x hotter than the sun.
 Wow I don't know anyone! Can't imagine. The sun also produces enough energy to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years!
 That is good to know!  They always act like we won't have enough energy.
 That is amazing! One thing I think is interesting is that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in the galaxy.
 Hard to even fathom that! Amazing. It only accounts for 99.86% of the total solar system. Well I really enjoyed chatting with you friend!
 hey did you know our sun is really white and only appears yellow from our atmosphere?
 No, I didn't know that. I did know that it's bigger than 100 times the Earth's size, though
 yup the sun is huge, but not as big as teh largest star in our galaxy, that one is 1 billion times bigger!
 That's hard to imagine! The sun is the source of a lot of our energy. 
 Wow! That's amazing! Helium was discovered on the sun before it was discovered on the Earth. 
 that is crazy, and ya the sun is super interesting, it's diameter is 100x that of earth and the mass is 330,000 times that of Earths
 haha I'll have to check that out, just be careful in a rain storm, I uges a lightening bolt is literally five times hotter than the sun!
 oh wow I did'nt know that, and ya the sun is literally hot plasma so its crazy that lightening is hotter than that
 That's amazing. Apparently lightening can strike 50 miles away from a storm, so you really have to be careful!
 oh wow that is scary, what doy ou think would win in a fight: lightening bolts or flame throwers? I guess flame throwers are legal in south africa haha
 It's fun thinking about all those warm things in the middle of winter! Did you know it's illegal to warm up your car in Ohio when it's cold? That stinks
 wow that is crazy, nothing beats teh drive through for cars though, it was invented in 1975 by mcdonalds
 Great invention! And only about 65 years after the first cars were available. 
 That's pretty cool! Hard to believe people used to get around in horse drawn carriages with how prevalent cars are now. 
 right, and it's funny that they still car the back of the car a trunk, that was taken from old cars having wooden trunks in the bcak
 No I did not know that, but they probably use that money to keep the place so clean and secure. Japan seems very expensive to live in.
 Wow, I have no idea where that island is, but I wonder why it's banned, because of import fees of cars and gas? One thing is for sure, their citizens must be in great shape!
 No, that's pretty interesting. It's crazy to think about how it was only recently, well in the early 1900s that cars just became the norm and started to replace carriages and carts!
 Things certainly moved fast since then. I am shocked that you can equip your car with flamethrowers in South Africa to prevent carjacking!
 That is scary! Does that mean cars are transformed to to have a "launch" button or maybe remotes so that when someone is trying to steal the car, they can launch the flamethrowers. 
 I have no idea. It sounds like Mad Max ha ha. Did you know that McDonald's invented the drive-thru in 1975? I can't believe it's that new. 
 I enjoyed that movie but those desert climates seem ridiculously hot but good thing there was no lightning bolts since those are hotter than the surface of the sun! No, I didn't know they invented that, I use it very often.
 No I did not know that and I will refrain from looking at it because that burns since it produces so much energy, it can deliver enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500K years!
 Yes, I heard that, kind of misses the mark with me.  I want to hear the original songs, clean or dirty. The Dark Side Of The Moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014.
 Or at least the 21st century! It was a good one. I wonder if touring and support of airplay helped it?
 I totally agree! I'm sure they needed some energy for that! They must get it from the sun.
 That is an interesting fact. I would rather sit on sun's surface than get struck by a bolt of lightning!
 It's a bit mindblowing, especially the thought of the creation of the car in 1886!
 It really has changed out lives, hasn't it.  Funny the drive through started because soldiers couldnt get out of the car in their fatigues, now it is so we dont have to get out of the car in our pajamas
 What election season?  The US?  Too soon to tell, but I do like voting by the people.
 Interesting.  I wonder if the next President will lose the popular vote.  That would make 6 that would have.
 Putin is a very interesting and fascinating man. There are a lot of presidents around the world who fascinate me!
 True. Surprisingly we haven't had a multilingual president since FDR.  I find that a little disturbing.
 Sometimes I think that we may be better off with a parliamentary or semi-presidential system. We should emphasize the importance of cabinet members.
 Well I believe Canada's Prime Minister still answers to the Queen in the UK.  I find that fascinating.
 Well it worked for a while anyways up until 1805, but the country was in its infancy so there is probably good reason why it changed.
 agree.  clickbait for sure.  They will put any headline to get your attention.  i never clock on them though.
 right.  freezing sliced bread?  big trick there...  lol  put it in the freezer!
 i didn't know they called the 3 line button on website menus the hamburger button but now that i know that it makes perfect sense
 i know.  that's crazy.  someone had to pull cables and provide power to those cell sites somehow.  probably just pointed up there but i doubt during heavy weather.
 i'm sure that is what it is really for.  lots of people die up there every year.  no thanks!
 Yeah, and I guess social media is making a huge deal out of the fact that she didn't acknowledge them in her awards speech.
 Wow, that is strange.  Did you know that Paris passed a resolution to prohibit him from becoming an honorary citizen in they city?  They really don't like him in Paris I guess.
 Yeah, he started acting at only 19 and it seems like he got famous really quickly.  I know he really made his big break on the movie Risky Business.
 I would have rather worked with Hugh Laurie! He made bank!
 He still isn't worth as much as Tom Cruise though! Or even Seinfeld!
 He's crazy! He even threatened a guy with the name Tom Kruse!
 I guess he is! Full of drama though haha. Jim Carrey isn't though and avoids making dramas!
 I will have to listen to them since I can find them free online!
 It must take a very long time to load. I did not know about the hamburger button, that is a tasty button!
 I've read it in the article here. So I guess it's true. But difficult to believe such huge number could be true. 
 True. I'm surprised that D. Trump isn't among top three wealthiest Presidents in US history
 Maybe it's stupid question. But do you know where US President's Guest house is located? I've read it's larger than the White House
 Interesting, lets talk more about Tom Cruise. He is an actor and a producer who was born in 1962. He started his career at the age of 19.
 When Tom stared in the last samurai he spent two years leaning Japanese and swordplay 
 Tom owns a underground bunker to protect himself from aliens which cost him 10 million dollars. 
 I have heard that Seinfeld has a net worth of around 820,000,000, which is more then Cruise and Hanks combined 
 Lets talk about Dramas more. If you ever want to listen to classic radio dramas for free their is a website that offers that. 
 Because dramas do not project positivity Jim Carrey will not make them anymore. 
 I'm happy of that choice, I like Jim Carrey better in comedies than his dramas. It just fits him better.
 Because all the pretty girls were in drama class, Michael Caine joined also. 
 Lets talk about cars next. The model T was one of the first mass produced cars and it was made by ford. 
 Did you know that McDonald's added drive-thrus in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 The US replaced animal-drawn carriages with cars really fast compared to other parts of the world like Western Europe. 
 Yeah they did. Did you know that it's legal to equip your car with flame-throwers in South Africa? I wonder when Elon Musk will add that to a Tesla?
 interesting. I have heard that they allow it to try to prevent carjackings, I wonder if it helps. 
 It would be great for melting ice and snow.
 I would agree, We call the back of cars trunks because they used to really have wooden trunks on the back. Nice talking to you today. 
 I didn't know that. I didn't know either that Armenias Parliament recently rejected the new prime minister of their country, that seems really scary
 Yep I agree. I'm just glad that we don't live in that country haha. And yes the vote in Parliament was 55 to 45
 Haha I love the name LOL what do you think about Helena Bonham Carter? She was an actress in the Harry Potter movies and she's actually related to the prime minister of the United Kingdom during World War 1
 Yep I want to get one of those silver cups haha. In the United States they would ever have to make too many of those though unfortunately I think we're really fat here
 Yes Hillary Clinton as the vice president would be entertainment but also it would be very crazy because nothing would ever get done LOL
 Yes they should do it in the guest house to LOL apparently the guest house is bigger than the actual White House itself for some reason
 I thought that was kind of crazy too! It sounds like they were pretty dominate too.
 I agree- did you read about Roosevelt forming his own party after being rejected by the GOP? It sounds like that lead to a major turning point as far as the Republican party becoming more conservative
 Yeah I hadn't thought about Roosevelt's actions leading to an ideological shift until now. I also used to think that "Bull Moose Party" was the real name of the party he created but apparently the real name was the Progressive Party
 I never knew that either! I always remember hearing the name "Bull Moose" from school history classes. I also noticed that every president since 1853 has been either a Republican or Democrat- I knew Independents weren't popular...but not that unpopular haha
 Didn't know that either! I agree, it would be really difficult. Did you read that "red" and "blue" were only consistently used for Republicans and Democrats starting in 2000? That seems so recent!
 Really? I would be really confused. Another fact I liked- every US president with a  beard has been a Republican. These bullet points are great to remember for trivia!
 Apparently there were soldiers in World War 2 who made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil; I had no idea making a radio could be that simple!
 Apparently there is a government mandate in Canada that at least 40% of the music played on the radio be Canadian. I suppose that's due to national pride but it seems silly
 I had never heard of a compliment battle before.
 Oddly enough he wanted to be a comic book artist lol. Glad he chose rap instead!
 Interesting. I bet rapper Busta Rhymes was a fan of the Rugrats because he voiced the reptile wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie.
 Really?! I should have noticed that. He has a very distinctive voice. 
 Yeah not sure. Perhaps there's a big Latin population in Finland. Well if you live in Canada 40% of the music played on the radio has to be Canadian.
 How do you make a radio? I used to listen to fox news on the radio. They are all about the GOP or in other words, the grand old party! It was very nice speaking with you today, I hope you have a good one!
 I do like rap music, I heard Cardi B is pregnant, 
 lol guess what i was laughing out loud listening to my 7 year old daughter telling her friend Crdi B sings so fast so she can fish the song faster lol its all show biz 
 Your daughter is funny and smart.  Is Cardi B pro choice or pro life?  It is somehow being debated by the media.
 Lol No I actually live in the US and I know how popular she is even though i Don't care about her lol, at least i and my daughter know her lol. Talking about America, do you believe having a Beard is an amaerican thing for men who believe in America first? 
 That was silly.  Politicians can be silly and childish sometimes.  I
 I guess they're recommending no prison time for Michael Flynn since he's been cooperative
 He seems like the kind of guy who would be very smart. Still, he wasn't as wealthy as JFK, Jefferson, or Washington who were the three wealthiest Presidents
 right thats what I've heard, and ya even fdr spoke a foreign language and he was the last president to do so
 That's pretty crazy considering how many schools require taking basic foreign language. I wonder what languages the first president of Zimbabwe spoke considering his nickname was President banana
 haha that is a great question! and does he have a VP plantain? I guess a total of 5 presidents have lost the popular vote and still won the election
 that is crazy can you imagine a President trump and VP clinton, think of the chaos!
 Nothing would get accomplished, that's for sure. Meanwhile, the president of Indonesia is in office and recording pop albums. He's released at least three
 haha that is cool, do you watch fox news at all? I guess the median viewer age of fox news is 68 years old
 I don't, but that's a high median age. Especially since it's watched more than both MSNBC and CNN combined
 ya that is crazy, I guess the other comparison is fox spends 55% of time on opinion news vs 85% for msnbc
 Maybe that's why it's watched more. Richard Nixon helped create the network along with Richard Ailes who was a Republican media strategist
 huh didn't know that, did you see that fox tried to make their own version of the daily show? It didn't do well
 I guess there's a lot of things they've tried or considered trying. Someone who works there must love the Simpsons because they talked about possibly creating a cable channel that would only air episodes of that show
 haha that would be wild, did you know that hillary clinton used to be a republican?
 ya its a good question, and weirdly rupert murdoch supported both obama and hillary during their campaign elections
 He must really like the Democrats. She would adopt a southern drawl just for her campaigns in the southern states. Talk about adaptable
 Hello Lets talk about the President. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums all while in office. 
 I cant. One of the wealthiest presidents of all time was Washington
 Trump is the wealthiest president we have ever had. He holds the top spot now. 
 I did not. They use to make the runner up of the election vice president, that stop as of 1805
 I could not. Lets talk about fox news next. There was a time when they thought of creating a channel that would only play the Simpsons. 
 I can stand behind that. I'm a big Simpsons fan.
 There are more people who watch Fox compared to cnn and msnbc combined. 
 interesting. Richard Nixon was one of the original creators of FOX
 That's interesting, in 2015 the median age for Fox News was 68 years old.
 The new corporation that owns FOX also own the gaming website IGN
 interesting, let talk about Hillary Clinton next. She won a grammy for her audio recording of her book it takes a village
 I did not. She would adopt a southern drawl when she was campaigning in the southern states. 
 when she was in college she was the president of young republicans. It was nice chatting with you. 
 That's pretty amazing they account for that much bandwidth in North America!
 That crazy. I saw that Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than they do on bandwidth.
 I don't know of anyone that does that either. Netflix is worth $2 billion right now.
 That's a huge loss for Blockbuster. Netflix was started by Reed Hastings all because he had a $40 late fee on a copy of Apollo 13.
 I used to watch it.  Huge Laurie who played house got paid $700,000 per episode which made him the highest paid actor.  I couldn't even imagine making that much money.
 That's amazing how much he makes! I can't imagine.
 I suppose that is one reason to choose to join a class.
 I bet he did. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system.
 Me too! I'm a tiny portion of that number as well! It's amazing how far we've come from traditional media entertainment, so much so that Netflix accounts for one third of all bandwidth in North America!
 Oh! I watched that before I also really enjoy health documentaries and also food ones too though I haven't tried watching any on YouTube even though they take up half of peak internet traffic.
 I wish I was aware of them back then as well, probably would've been way better off had I invested in them too! It's no wonder I don't see Jim Carrey in drama films because he refuses to be in movies that doesn't project positivity citing its against his belief system. I don't think I'd take him seriously if he starred in a drama.
 At the same time, they might have done something to change the way Netflix has blossomed which for me would be a big issue. So, I'm glad Blockbuster missed out on Netflix. I just found out that Michael Jackson had a patent on a device that he used to do his famous "lean!, dance move." Crazy! I thought he was just really gifted! lol
 Exactly! Their toes must be in such poor condition! Does that mean that friends of ballet dancers wouldn't have to stress out over gift giving since they can just help the ballet dancers replenish their shoes! Tupac was also a ballet dancer in high school, I wonder whether or not he wanted people to know that fact about him.
 Hm! I'd assume that he wasn't telling anyone about his ballet days, remembering back to how he was before he died. He seemed like such a "tough guy". Hey what do I know! It's been great chatting with you!
 Yeah I remember that. I think that some people still do that too. Apparently it cost 20 times more in postage then just to stream the same movie
 Yeah he was really angry. He got a $40 late fee for renting Apollo 13 LOL that would definitely make me mad even though that's a good movie
 Yep I agree with that. Do you like the office by the way? And you also like the show Mad Men? The main guy from Mad Men used to be a Drama teacher and Coached erin from the office in his class LOL
 Oh yeah I could see that. What do you think about Michael Caine by the way? he only started acting to chase girls LOL
 Too scary, I'd hate to run up with one of them.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure snakes have a purpose.
 I totally agree with that.  I read somewhere that a man has been bitten so many times that his blood is able to be used as an antivenom.
 Wow! That's valuable blood he has now. Were you also aware that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes and lizards? That's very surprising. 
 Yes and to me they are basically a SNAKE! lol
 Strom Thurmond, speaking for 24 hours and 18 minutes.  I believe he could out talk my ex wife and that's hard to do!
 Wow! That is impressive. Not a fan of his but that is a crazy long time to not even use the restroom. 
 Maybe I should move there! Crocs are more related to birds? Huh...
 Monkeys are also afraid of snakes. I guess it is hard-sired in our brains.
 Wow. They also have only one functional lung. That seems weird.
 I do. Did you know that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years?!
 Hello there. Yes it is hard to keep track. It has been interesting learning about the new acting attorney general.
 Yes it seems like they always are. And actually the presiding officer of the senate is the vice President of the United States. So another words Mike Pence.
 Ha! I have never heard that. I also did not know that women senators could not wear pants until 1993! My company is an insurance company and they just began letting us wear pants last year. What an archaic dress code!
 Yes I definitely believe that too they invoke so much danger. Oddly enough crocodiles are more closely related to birds then they are to snakes and lizards.
 Some weekends I'm up for it but i try to only drink tequila which doesn't give me hangovers
 Have you ever given the very potent everclear a try?
 OMG the sweetness has to make it kick in that much harder. mine is just ever clear ive never mixed it with anything sweet cause i know that would be deadly
 Do you think Tom from myspace is kicking himself right now for not buying facebook?
 And maybe had still been in business. facebook started out in 2004 for harvard students only but by 2006 it was offered to anyone. that took off incredibly fast
 ya thats just weird. lol
 That's a good team. I cannot believe there are only 4 major sports in North America.
 They do use chips in players shoulder pads to track their movements. 
 I had no idea the super bowl is held on the first sunday in Feb. I thought they chose a different Sunday every year.
 They are good. They have either won or lost by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.
 I never knew that there was a blutube...where police share law enforcement videos. Did you?
 It's crazy that Hugh Laurie makes $700,000 per episode in House. I like that show and he is good in it, but I don't think anyone is worth that much!
 Maybe! Did you know that you could save a copy of the internet...there's one in the library of Alexandria!
 Lol yep. I'm not a huge fan of New England. Was really pulling for the Rams. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women players?
 HAHA! I can't believe the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.
 LOL yes I know. 
 Yes that's for sure. I think it's weird that Tom Brady has never eaten a strawberry in his entire life.
 LOL that's a good point! 
 Yep, they are a very wealthy couple. I didn't know that Eli Manning has genius-level IQ. 
 LOL! Not sure about that one haha. Did you know in the last 20 years of the NFL draft, only 3 that were taken number 1 overall have won the super bowl?
 Yea that's a cool stat. 
 That's okay. No I didn't! That's funny but somehow I doubt people would make fun of him.
 I wonder if they are any good. I guess he wouldn't have had time to tour them. I think the most interesting presidential fact is that the runner up in the US used to become vice president.
 Yeah. I guess that's why they stopped doing it back in 1805. Nowadays the runner up would never get along with the winner.
 I never knew that. Planet Venus does not tilt so it has has no seasons.
 Yes, I did. I'm waiting for one to be a kicker. Supposedly, Eli Manning has a genius-level IQ. Not sure how much I believe those stats.
 I have no idea. I'm not a football fan.  I know there is a coach who is a rocket scientist.
 His name is Elisha and his father was also a QB in the NFL
 The rocket scientist coach went to a high school that had six digits of PI in the fight song. That would have been interesting.
 I'm indifferent since I don't really watch. I find it fascinating that they put tracking chips in the pads and balls.
 It is a huge risk, especially when wins aren't guaranteed. Games are so close. Tom Brady has come within 3-4 points of a win or loss in all of his superbowls.
 No, I did not know about that fight
 Exactly.  Did you know that in 2007 youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000
 Did you know that youtube began as a dating website
 No I didn't know that, that is interesting.  Look how big it is now, no wonder Google bought them. 
 yeah, that was what I though about google.  They mostly involve in our daily communication
 That seems really short. I guess once they spot the ball and all the other stuff, it might be down to 11 mins...
 HA! I was so surprised when he brought in like Deion Sanders and Jason Taylor and a bunch of pro-bowlers. I was worried about my Bears!
 Ahah fair enough. Honestly though if I try to be objective, I think Kim Jong Un is more of a nut. I mean he edits pictures to depict a different history than reality!
 You are right! Just as crazy people like Stalin and Mao did. Must be something crazy leaders do? Then again, Kim is no idiot though, just psychotic. They say he even learned to drive at the age of 3!
 Agreed! And can you believe Kim was voted sexiest man alive by the Onion and China of all places believes it? Ha!
 Ahah maybe power really is that alluring. He certainly tries to appear like a loving, fun person, after all he ordered the renovation of their theme parks, who would have even thought they had theme parks!
 Wow that's crazy, presidents really do do some fascinating things. It seems in general presidents are less focused than we think, like the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums, WHILE in office!
 Exactly. It's crazy! And can you believe Trump isn't even in the top three wealthiest presidents of all time in the US? It's actually Washington, Jefferson and JFK!
 Ha! That is true. Or even Venus where it doesn't tilt and therefore, the planet has no seasons because of that! In fact, It's the only planet that rotates clock wise!
 many thoughts, he has edited pictures to change how history is shown just like other communist leaders have done
 interesting, it is not known actually how old he is either though 
 Interesting to learn that they have theme parks in the country also
 yes lets talk about the president next, the president of Indonesia has put out 3 albums
 and I wonder if they were good, lets talk about the planet next. One of Jupiter's moons would be considered a planet if it went around the sun
 i guess, Venus is interesting in the fact it rotates clock-wise, they only planet to do so.
 Venus also does not tilt which means it has no seasons which is interesting. 
 There are 5 planets in the solar system that we can see with our naked eye. 
 No, Pluto and Pallas to name a few were considered planets once, but not anymore 
 regular CDs ? oh wow. Did You realized that vinyl cds are coming back ? You don't like those ?
 not really... never thought about it
 I don't know.  Anyway, nice talking to you and have a great day.
 I have. It was very controversial at the time. Its crazy how it was able to hit Platinum status
 Still toping album charts as current as 2014. Thats lasting power!
 Those must be some crazy powerful storms!
 For any specific reasons ?
 ...so why are people revolting ? Removing him from his position should be a positive thing...
 What ? I thought Bart was like a main guy... how did they managed to have an episode without him ;)
 Yes, they were lucky to get it. I'm surprised they didn't use 112!
 Could be, too confusing for people. I didn't know Unicef donates a day of clean water to a child in need from unused  cell use.
 I use mine somewhat, but not like some people I know. Interesting smoking near apple computers voids the warranty by making it a biohazard!
 Ha, ha, ha, that's good! Leave it to the Russians to make a computer that runs on water in 1936.
 Do you enjoy reading? Anne Jones has the world record for speed reading with a speed of 4,700 words per minute!
 I haven't either. Its a suggested read from the military.  Novels must have been cherished in the 18th century with the moral panic of spreading them.
 I didn't know this. I thought that applied to Major League Baseball athletes.
 yes I use a cell phone, crazy that my phone has more cpu power than the nuclear missle system in the usa
 if you take two phonebooks and have their pages overlap, basically they can't be separated, don't know if you've seen that before
 ah thats a good point, did you know if you dont' use your cell for a day then unicef will donate a day of clean water?
 oh ya I have a pc, it has 16gb of ram, I guess the space shuttle only has 1mb haha
 well the russians made a cpu out of water, that thing must be really slow haha
 ya I need to see a picture, also I want a picture of someone uploading their mind into a usb drive haha
 And now the company is valuing at $104 billion, what a missed opportunity. But then again who knows what direction it would have grown into?
 I would hit the like button on a promotion like that but apparently not in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein where it is illegal to like something.
 That's amazing! 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product on the internet. I am surprised the number is even that high.
 Really, wow. The current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet. fun fact.lol
 Oh dang it. I know right! Addictions are measurable by the brain and the internet really can cause me to surf the web way too long for no reason.
 The act of clicking links can cause real addiction. I don't doubt it. I am more dependent on the internet than I would like to be.
 I just learned that their album was the best selling of the 21st century. Wow.
 NO way! Thats insane. I like rap too. MWA was awarded something too. They were really edgy but fun for the time.
 Well you don't have to be new to be good. Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums in 2014, 40 years later.
 Yeah, thats cool. I learned recently that two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old. That is pretty cute.
 I agree. I work in IT. Did you know the space shuttle's general purpose computer only runs 1mb of RAM?
 That's pretty scary to think about. In 1936, the Russians made a computer that ran on water.
 That's impressive they made a computer that ran on water but it's impossible to separate 2 phonebooks with overlapped pages
 That's weird it's impossible to separate lol. Did you know New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 Yea I heard about NY's 212 area code being the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone but I figure 111 would be faster
 When I was a kid a friend's mom had one and I used it once, it's crazy how you could transmit a call across the ocean through 2.7 inch diameter cables through one
 That is pretty crazy. Did you know Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone?
 I have no idea how they can build that.
 That is crazy that is voids the warranty.
 Lol that's funny!
 I guess that's the case with any tool. It's only as good as how it's being used!
 Really? I know reading out loud used to be the standard up through the Middle Ages, but I can't imagine that people would panic about it.
 Constantly. Hard to believe it began at colleges.
 Did you ever hear about the Burger King deal to get a whopper? All you had to do was unfriend 10 people and youd get one for free!
 Too much!    In 2012, it's stock went public at a value of $104 billion.
 Probably so.    Did you know a full third of divorce filings mentioned Facebook in 2011!
 That site also came from a University.    Do you know which one?
 A good question.     Perhaps from all the people in one of their 58 gender options!
 I did,  my parents had a few in their house when I was younger,  I used it a few times,  really annoying especially if you mess up lol 
 Yeah and they just lay on the ocean floor how weird.  Nothing to hold them down or protect them from fish. 
 Do you use Google?  did you know a google search takes more computing power than it took to send people to the moon?  crazy huh
 I do use facebook.  I think its interesting that google doesnt mow their lawn but instead used hundreds of goats at one time. 
 No, I didn't know that, I really don't see how is that possible.
 a single google search requires more computing power.
 No, but it sounds like an account that I maybe Interest in, how does it work? Please explain in a few words.
 Wow yes, It does sound like facebook or Instagram.
 Really ? Facebook costed 75 millions then... now almost two BILLIONS ;) I don't know if it was smart m8 :)
 The money sounds great, but if I am not mistaken facebook was caught using people personal Information.
 so what... With money like that and the way they are expanding - market place yesterday, dating services in the future.... something like that won't stop them - it's a money making machine ! :)
 Sure - lets say that :)   Hey did You know that Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper ?
 HahaHa, no is this a joke? Are you kidding me? If not do you know why?
 what? really?
 Well i don't know but I think he suffers from some sort of color blindness.  
 When google went down to 40%
 Yes every one in world use google at least once a day. When you ask some one something like address, any doubts they say" Just google it"..
 every big thing start with a small steps. like google, apple, facebook
 Yeah and his own family was embedded in that history. His grandfather Abraham was a Jewish immigrant from Russia who got to Key west around 1880.
 Yeah, I heard they invented it to accomodate soldiers. That is neat. Too bad it has attributed to my laziness, haha.
 Well drive thrus sure are convenient! So are trunks! I heard that they used to actually be wooden trunks on the back of cars.
 Haha, secret passageway! I wonder if wooden trunks got jacked at all? You can equip your car with flamethrowers in South Africa to prevent carjacking.
 I wonder if your dog minds the car if it's cold? I don't have a dog but they are smart animals, as they naturally understand pointing.
 Wonder why SWAT was sent then?  I thought only got sent out if someone dangerous had barricaded themselves in a building and wouldn't come out.  
 Yes, I had heard that.
 That was so nice of them to do that.  It also revolutionized their fast food industry.
 No, I never played it, but I read somewhere that he had beat like 90,000 people playing it!  That's impressive.
 Definitely. I've gotta go. It was nice talking to you.
 I can't believe that daytime people are paid that much or have such a big following. I did know that Robin Williams playing Aladdin started celebrities doing voice overs.
 I used to have several growing up. I did not know that dogs could donate blood. Did you?
 No I did not know that.  I do like cars.  I've heard that in south-africa cars can have flame throwers.  That's pretty cool!
 That is frightening! I did not know that drive thrus for McDonalds were to accommodate soldiers. Very good of them!
 I am sure it is but they could not have patented it. Everyone has one now.Did you know that Cadillac was named after a French explorer that founded Detroit?
 No I did not.  I didn't even know a french explorer founded detroit!  
 At least he has a great car named after him! Ford became more famous for bringing cars to the masses. 
 did you know that cars by definition carry 1 to eight people?
 I have to admit that I didn't know 8 people.  That is a surprise!
 I have been there for baseball spring training.   I read about David Wolkowsky when I was there.
 It is kind of amazing they managed to succeed in saloons and billiard halls!
 They renamed is at David Wolkowsky key.
 That is a shame.    Seems to me celebrities don't always have to wait that long.
 Haha well I am sure they are trying! The black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and 10 times its weight.
 I would love to see that. The zebrafish must be important in the medical field because 84% of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in this fish.
 Interestingly enough, the economy does better when there is a Dem POTUS.
 Very interesting. Don't tell FOX News that though. They once threatened to sue the Simpsons in order stop them from parodying their agenda.
 Yes they just can't take a joke. Consistent use of red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in 2000.
 I agree. Yeah I bet they didn't know. Surprisingly he actually campaigned against high corporate profits and low wages.
 Good question I'm not sure. I find it quite odd that there hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1853. It was great chatting with you today.
 Me too. Funny they have a neck. The oldest goldfish lived to 43 years old.
 That is so long I didn't know that was possible. There is a species of fish called the black swallower that can eat prey twice it's own length and ten times it's weight.
 Wow that's a lot of food to down at once lol. I saw there is a koi fish that lived to 226 years old.
 Yeah I want to know more about that too I'm not sure. Freshwater fish only drink water through their skin while salt water fish also drink water through their mouths.
 That's pretty neat to know. Jellyfish are 98% water so they evaporate in the sun.
 Not too much but I try to stay informed. There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1853.
 That's interesting. I wouldn't have guessed that. The only US president with a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.
 I wish more presidents had PhD's. It is such a cerebral job. Well in some countries it's different like in Indonesia the present released three pop albums while in office.
 I agree. That's hilarious. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop star?
 That would be such a joke. The Democrats would have a field day. 15% of the tea party movement identified as Democrats.
 That would be a joke. In Guatemala, relatives of the president cannot legally run for president.
 Wow, I thought that was started way before then. The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.
 Very true you raise and important point. However a more measurable fact is that the seahorse is the only fish with a neck.
 Yeah it could be. Another interesting fact is that the zebrafish shares 84% of genes known to be associated with human diseases.
 True. It's interesting how they change over time. Together with the Republicans they make up the majority of the parties because there hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since 1853.
 Me too. Fox News threaten to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parrodying it's famously anti-democratic party agenda LOL.
 Some. My favorite President was Ronald Reagan, who was revered by republicans yet started out as a democrat.
 Cool. You know, the oldest Koi fish lived to be 226 years old.  That means this fish was alive even before Lincoln 
 That seems really dumb, also dumb is that a third of divorce filings actually contain the word Facebook, so I wonder what that is all about
 Yep I wish they still had that haha I would be eating some burgers right now. What is sad though is that 30% of adults use Facebook as their source of news
 That's super ballsy of him! speaking of the French government, did you hear that Monaco actually eliminated their income tax back in 1869? They get most of their revenue from gambling
 It was a famous small pet that was all the rage back in 2001, apparently it was involved in the top 8 searches on Google
 Yep I know that I never read that! What's scary to is that most users online are actually just Bots and not even real people
 Probably to keep the Simpsons somewhat limited, since they do paradys of the anti-democratic party, and Fox News was created by a republican media strategist (Richard Ailes)... along with Richard Nixon
 Furthermore, it not only supplies news, but also owns and provides gaming services from the game website IGN
 That sounds like it could be an interesting job! What also sounds interesting is that Jupiter has radio storms that can actually be heard by an am radio on Earth!
 Imagine if that bus had to pay $300 dollars in tolls, like in Japan, in order to travel across the country. That would have to be one heck of a sight seeing a bus go through toll roads that fast lol 
 I know.  Fox news is watched by more people than CNN and MSNBC combined.  I was surprised.  I thought that CNN has at least the same numbers of audience as fox news.
 I didn't expect Facebook was going to valued at $104 billion
 Yeah, it is pretty crazy. What about My Space passing up on a chance to buy it at 75 million. I bet they wish they would have now.
 yeah, that's is a surprise. I believe this is one of the states that has less private ownership but higher income due to its special status. Also 7% of people reading the full terms when buying products or service on the internet didn't surprise me. Would have that no body reads full terms as most of those are in many paragraphs and difficult read
 May be spending the money to employ more people to guard from the bad people and create facilities for rare animals and birds
 I did not know about that at all either. Its pretty fascinating,
 Good chatting with you 
 It depends on if it's for pleasure or a rushed business trip.  Did you know that the Olympics actually serve to divide rather than unite?  Sad. 
 Cool.  They need to invent a bus that can fly over traffic.  Also one for Japan that can fly over toll booths... 
 Maybe it's because you were in Canada where they require 40% of the music to be Canadian.  
 Just a few well-worn phases.  I can't believe some people are still lamenting NE's loss in the Superbowl. Move on...
 I wouldn't understand much.  I was surprised to learn that IGN is owned by the same corporation (i.e., News Corp.)  that owns Fox News. 
 A great deal I'm sure. During the age of discovery, ships released rabbits onto islands to provide a future food source for other travelers.
 I guess if people are traveling on an extremely low budget that are willing to do that.
 Yeah, I guess. Not me. Do you like to listen to the radio? I do. I love that we have radio's. There's even a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.
 I wonder what the sun sounds like. I would assume it would put me to sleep.
 I wonder if it would be energizing. In 1948 it was estimated that Bing Crosby recordings filled more than half of allocated radio time.
 Yeah, I wonder what they sound like! So I like to watch TV too. I especially like Fox news. Hard to believe they threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democratic party agenda.
 Yes. Did you know the median viewer age for Fox news was 68 years old?
 interesting, I wonder why a third of divorce filings contain Facebook in them.
 maybe, more people are using Facebook today then there were people 200 years ago
 interesting, there are a total of 58 gender options on Facebook, that is a lot of choices 
 I don't know, Facebook is big at delivering new also, more then 30% of american adults use it for news
 I did not, the like button was originally going to be called the awesome button if the engineers got their way. 
 Government shutdowns are nothing new, they have occurred 17 times over the last 37 years
 The word censorship is censored by the Chinese government. 
 You too, Monaco does not have an income tax because the casino makes so much money
 lol ya I'm with you there, pretty crazy that netflix makes up about of third of internet bandwidth in north america
 I know!  But I am still amazed that they spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth!  Who still gets dvds in the mail?????
 haha that's a good question! i haven't used a dvd in 10 years, did you know Blockbuster turned down buying Netflix back in the day?
 Yes!  They could have bought it for $50 million but turned it down!  Its worth $2 billion now!!!!!
 that is crazy, did you hear the story about how Netflix was started?
 Yeah he had a $40 late fee on a video!  Motivation to start his own company!  Gotta love that!
 haha he got his revenge! do you drive a car? I guess they were created back in 1886 originally
 ya that is cool, I want to go to one now! what is weird is the guy that became a professional race driver by beating 90k people in a videogame! he must be good
 ya I agree, it's crazy that youtube is the 2nd largest search engine, I assume google is number 1?
 oh definitely, do you like Justin Bieber's song baby? I guess it is the most disliked video on all of youtube
 I didn't know that.  I believe the film they saved came out Nov. 2
 Interesting.  Did you know that Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet bandwith in North America?
 I can believe that. I watch Youtube more than Netflix myself. Netflix originally pitched their streaming idea to Blockbuster. We see how that ended. 
 It does sound interesting. Crazy that Youtube started off as a dating website. 
 In 2007 youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000
 Really?  lol  I found a lot of good new bands on there.  
 I watch a lot of guitar lesson videos. There are 70 full episodes of the joy of painting on the official bob ross youtube channel.
 I did. Hilarious. Love Deadpool. Google bought Youtube in November 2006 for US$1.65 billion
 So I need to take my truck in for an oil change this week at the Ford dealer ship. Do you think they can hook me up with the flame throwers to prevent car jacking like they do in South Africa? It might come in handy. 
 Oh cool, I figured it was probably in California. Did you know from 9pm-12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America?
 I heard that.    More than that, Netflix and YouTube together make up more than half of all Internet Traffic in North America.
 That's pretty amazing. Netflix spends more than 20 times on postage than bandwidth which is also amazing. 
 That is why they are phasing out DVDs.    Can you imagine if they had partnered with Blockbuster like they wanted to!
 That would have been nuts. Netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 Wow that's crazy. I saw that Netflix was started up by Reed Hastings because he had a $40 late fee for Apollo 13.
 OK.    I wonder if you can put a flamethrower on a truck in South Africa.    That is legal for cars.
 HAHA I have no idea, but that's funny! I didn't know the trunk of a car got its name because older cars actually had wooden trunks. 
 That is true.     Cadillac was actually named after the Explorer who founded Detroit.
 That's pretty interesting and cool. Did you know Justin Bieber's "Baby" is the most disliked video on YouTube?
 A long way from Psy's Gangnam style, which forced them to put in a larger counter!
 LOL yes! I saw that the police have their own YouTube called BlueTube lol. This is to share law enforcement videos.
 Does it surprise you that most of YouTube's content comes from individuals?
 Yes.  I think he ran and lost to Cruz for senator.  Some say he has fake hair. 
 Yes, they are an aristocratic bunch.  I sure there's a few that want to bring back debtor's prison. 
 I thought that whole press scene was like something from the movie "Inception".
 That is true, although it started decently enough with Larry Hoover as a topic.
 No wonder! He was the chairman of the Gangster Disciples in Chicago. Now, he's serving six years in a supermax prison.
 Yes, but then Kanye went all Yeezy claiming it was because Hoover was working for good in Chicago.
 Well, the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana
 Kanye West was born June 8, 1977. He had so many titles.
 Perhaps so.     I do know Kanye signed rapper big sean.
 I find it funny that rapper Big Sean had a GPA of 3.7 and turned down a scholarship to michigan state.
 If the universe is a giant hologram, I wonder how Kanye fits in!
 Allright.    Thanks for the chat, and stay away from stars - even the ones cold enough to be touched!
 Me too! This sounds like something out a sci-fi time-travel novel but 2 years before the infamous Taylor Swift incident, he was on SNL and did a skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows! How is that even possible?
 Absolutely! But then again, seeing as how he is likely bipolar, I recall him interrupting award shows after the Taylor swift incident as well! And then when he basically interupted TMZ, I am starting to wonder why he gets invited to events. Unless they know he's likely going to misbehave and they are using him for hopefully what they would like to be a publicity stunt. Haha. Kanye baffles me but he is interesting to watch. 
 I think most situations are a good time to wear trousers. The difference between pants and trousers here in the US and UK is interesting since the US was once part of the UK.
 It seems like they really simplified their terminology
 Hello,  how are you?  Do you like comedy? Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
 Yeah for sure. That was actually a pretty good movie, I couldn't imagine Jack Black starring in it. It would have been totally different.
 Yeah!  I believe they have new episode now though. 
 Do they? I had no clue since I never really got into the simpsons. I don't really enjoy watching cartoons even if they're adult-themed.
 No, I've heard of Archer but haven't seen it. But it's crazy that there is only one episode of the simpsons where bart doesn't appear. I wonder what that episode was about!
 me too!  I'm gonna youtube it late lol But thats just wrong,  everyone loves Bart!
 Oh wow I did not know that. I heard the last shutdown was the longest one yet.
 That's not good. Did you know Wikileaks once published the government's plan to shutdown Wikileaks?
 Lol I guess not. I saw 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government.
 I guess so. The US passed legislation back in 2006 that protects government employees from violating the Geneva Conventions.
 For sure. There was once a man in France who impersonated a government official and was able to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. 
 It doesn't say but I find that very hard to believe they got away with it twice.
 I wouldn't be surprised if they do. The Norwegian government once donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.
 That sounds about right since that is area "some number". If you're gonna drive around there it would be good to get the Google self-driving car and use the option "aggressive" mode.
 wow! I didnt know it was that old. it uses a lot of bandwidth too. in 2007 it used up more than the entire internet did in 2000
 Do you happen to know how much of the land in Nevada is government owned?
 Did you know that in South Africa you can equip you automobile with a flame-thrower, that is crazy isn't it
 Yes, but I would like to see an important award like and academy award given to a comedy movie. It has been 37 since that happened
 Horror has been a genre for over a century.
 that is kind of funny. watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories
 Wow, I need to watch a couple Horror movies every day.. lol  I heard the little boy Danny from the Shining didn't know until years later that he was actually acting in a horror film.
 how commited
  I read that John Hamm taught drama at his old high school.  Can you imagine having him as one of your teachers?
 That would be cool. Do you use the internet alot?
 Yes. Did you know Mt.Everest peaks have 3g cell service.
 That's probably better than what my doctor's office has.  I think it's funny that 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.  So American.
 Are you a James Bond fan?  Idris Elba is saying he could be the next James Bond...
 Yes.  Are you into horror films?  I like some but not the slasher stuff.  I guess a horror movie can cause one to burn more that 180 calories...
 They sure did! Did you know that ET was originally scripted to be a horror film?
 That's crazy.  ET wasn't scary at all. Do you buy stuff off the internet?  If so, do you read the full terms when you do?  Only 7% of people do.  I'm one of the 93%.
 Did it really? that is super interesting, he is so well known now, what if it spit out a bad name, maybe he would never have become popular
 I don't remember how many he has done, but he's probably tired of doing the character. It's time for a new Bond anyway. I think that Idris would be an interesting choice. Did you know that you can burn up to 180 calories watching a horror film?
 Addicted? I don't think that is possible. Although Alexandria actually has a saved copy of the internet in case something happens to it.
 I've heard that the novelty of clicking links can result in brain patterns similar to addiction. The library at Alexandria? That sounds very strange. There was a library at Alexandria that burned centuries ago. I don't know how they could make a copy of the Internet.
 Well the current library does. I dind't know clicking links could do that. I also didn't know that Mt Everest has 3g cell service either.
 I do not rap either. It is also known as rhyming, spitting, emceeing, or MCing
 I am not sure. He is a popular priest though.
 I feel that it is a way to connect to the youth in the church.
 Did you know that tupac music is in the library of congress of cultural significance?
 I am not sure. A judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap for eminem ahah
 Did you know busta rhymes was in rugrats?
 that is great.  Do you know that the Sun is white, not yellow
 Yep you're right. I want to do a compliment battle with someone LOL did you hear about the Michigan judge who gave her rulings Eminem, she did it in the form of a rap. She has too much time on her hands LOL
 I do like to play video games. I played the Nintendo Entertainment System back in the day. We called it the NES. Apparently it only display 54 colors, did you know that?
 Yep I agree with you. I'm just glad we live in present-day where we have access to video games. And we don't live back in 50 BC where people are using chickens for entertainment LOL
 Haha yep he probably thought they are crazy. Have you heard of Bill Nye the Science Guy? He got started in the entertainment business by doing a Steve Martin look-alike contest and I think he won
 That's pretty crazy. My friend is actually on that show, he didn't win though haha. I also never knew that there was a Zoolander reference in that show, I don't usually watch it myself though
 Well if you read fantasy have you ever heard of the janitor from Chicago? Apparently he wrote a 15000 page fantasy novel that was only discovered after his death
 That's pretty cool I haven't heard of him though, have you seen the Return of the King? Apparently it's the only fantasy film to ever win the best picture Academy Award
 Yeah that's pretty funny. Did you ever watch a Jim Henson movie? I always thought that puppets were scary, and when he made the movie The Dark Crystal, he wanted to make sure that kids did get scared because he thought that was healthy for them
 That's crazy because parents would be so trailed if there was that much reading today LOL. I was amazed that the Braille language, which is the language that the blind can read, was invented by a 15 year old
 Yeah I could see that. It's crazy that there was a school that put reading bicycles instead of desks and the kids scores skyrocketed, I would just be annoyed having to Bicycle all the time LOL
 Wow that's crazy! It's all so crazy to me that silent reading is a recent invention. People used to have to read out loud, that would be really annoying to library LOL
 Yeah I could see that. I can't believe there was a u.s. President who never went to school. He was Andrew Johnson and his wife actually helped him to do math and learn to read
 I do have a car and love it, I have a Ford, interesting how the Ford company made the first mass produced model
 Omg that is amazing!  Only because Im a Giants fan lol Up until 2005, a married couple, for 24 years, scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games played each year
 awesome,  Daniel Radcliffe is a great actor. Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
 Thats mean.  That means all the companies are making money and not their guests or contestants.  
 wow thats interesting.  Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news.
 Thats interesting!  Never knew that. The ottoman empire was still in existence the last time the chicago cubs won the world series.
 Yeah, that happens what, once every hundred years.
 I sure would clean out my grandpa's attic if he were still around. ;) Do you know that the Chicago Cubs haven't won a world series for a long time; even since the Ottoman Empire was still in existence.
 Ha. I didn't realize that it was a television show. Over 750 episodes!! My grandson likes the video game.
 The dick van dyke show was one of my favorites along with the honeymooners
 I do. I really like That 70s show but apparently the UK did not. They created the same show verbatim but it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 That's a great show. I'm surprised it flopped over there.
 I heard there are over 750 Pokemon shows.
 That's a lot of Pokemon. There are probably more Simpson episodes than Pokemon although there is one episode where Bart does not appear nor is he mentioned.
 Tons of Pokemon. I'm surprised he only doesn't appear in one episode. I think that show has been running for 30 years now.
 That's hilarious he thought it was scary. I guess maybe when the fire is in the forest.
 Yes, I suppose he burned more than 180 calories. That's the amount you can lose from watching a horror film.
 That's a real good way to burn some extra calories. I'm guessing because your heart beats faster when you're scared.
 It is said that if you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art you will appreciate the art more.
 That's interesting. Does it say why?
 That's very interesting. I saw that people play fantasy national spelling bee.
 And I learned there is even a fantasy congress and you receive points based off legislative success. I would be terrible at that game.
 Yes they are. I have not watched much recently either. There has only been one episode ever where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned. Given how long its been on I find that shocking. 
 Wow that is shocking. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon? 
 It says 16 years and basically 50 episodes per year which seems like a lot.
 Did you know that they have had huge guest narrators? They've had George Carlin, Ringo Starr, and Alec Baldwin. 
 Wow did not know that! 
 They even each narrated at least 52 episodes each!
 That's awesome. Did you know Stephen King said his first horror movie ever seen was Bambi?
 Lol I did not know that about that kid.
 That's very strange! Horror has been around for over a century.
 That's pretty cool. Watching scary movies burns a lot of calories. 
 No I haven't, but I heard the star didn't know it was a horror film at the time. 
 And the congress! Boy, people are into all kinds of stuff I never even thought about!
 that is a lot of episodes.  I have only watched I think one episode of pokemon,  not a huge fan lol Do you use facebook?
 Yeah that was a dumb move on their part.  But maybe if they bought facebook it wouldnt be as good as it is now.  What if they didnt have the vision to make it hat is has become. 
 right at least you dont have people's random music choices blasting at you as you browse.  I thought it was funny Burger King would give you a whopper if you unfriended 10 people!
 Yeah thats brutal,  I would probably die I dont know if I can kill my friend lol great movie though. 
 Looks like the writer of Hunger Games got her start writing for Clarissa Explains It All,  I used to watch that when I was a kid lol 
 I love Harry Potter series,  it is so good.  I love that they are continuing the wizarding world with Fantastic Beasts!  have u seen it?
 I have not even heard of the fantastic beasts.  The three fingered salute from the hunger games is actually a real sign of the resistance in Thailand
 wow never heard of fantastic beasts?  Thats weird,  they have already released their second movie.  Fantastic Beasts The Crimes of Grindlewald.
 That's sad. Have you ever watched the show Pokemon though? There's a show that's never going away, they have about 800 episodes at this point
 Yep that's true. How often do you use Facebook by the way? I barely use it, I just use it for birthdays mostly
 I think it's because Mark Zuckerberg is colorblind right? That seems really crazy they should have put that in The Social Network movie haha
 They took over the commenting during PyeongChang. Yeah, I don't really remember much about Lipinski's skating but I do remember slightly disliking her haha. I haven't seen them as analysts yet.
 Have you ever seen Weekend Update? It's on SNL, which I don't watch anymore, but it's their longest-running skit apparently
 Yes, I have watched it before. I prefer to watch cartoons like the Simpsons though. There is only one episode where Bart doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.
 Yes I've never seen that episode, have you? I do know that Homer Simpson held like 188 jobs in the first 200 episodes though. That's crazy, imagine if that was real life haha
 I have not seen that episode. That's pretty funny about Homer. When South Park aired its family guy episode their producers got flowers from the Simpsons crew. I haven't seen that episode but the Simpsons crew must have liked it.
 That is really awesome! Have you seen the Simpsons episode with Daniel Radcliffe? I guess he plays Edward Cullen in that episode of The Treehouse of Horror haha
 I think I have seen it! I also like to watch Pokemon. There are 750 episodes!
 I used to watch Pokemon a lot as a kid. Do you like Shakespeare at all? I guess only one play of his has never been adapted to either film or television
 Interesting. Shakespeare always gave me a headache. Speaking of authors though, Suzanne Collins, author of the Hunger Games, got her start writing for Clarissa Explains it All on Nickelodeon.
 Wow that's really cool. I definitely didn't know that. Have you ever seen the show Shark Tank? Most of those deals are fake apparently. That kind of kills the show for me
 Haha I would totally do that right now. I'm so hungry LOL. What's sad is that a third of all divorce filings mention the word Facebook in them. That must be a bad sign of things to come
 Maybe we should make FB illegal. Facebook's like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-holstein.
 Haha maybe they're onto something. It's crazy there are more people on Facebook then there were people at all on the world 200 years ago. That is a crazy statistic
 MySpace makes me feel old... probably still have a profile there too!  I wonder if they even had $75 mil in 2005?
 I didn't read the Hunger Games books, but did see the movies - great movies and tend to like those types of movies and characters.  Great analogy with FB!
 I will have the highest ratings of all time!  Trump will host it and it will be glorious and yuuuuuuge! /s
 Right!  Great chatting with you as well - have a great evening!
 You're so right ! Hey did You know that Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each ?
 Yes and I loved it. What about you? It's so hard to fathom people streamed out of the world premiere before the film was even over and 241 left early the next night in New York!
 That is crazy, isn't it? Meanwhile, the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes. That's hard to believe!
 That is awesome! Yes I love George Carlin, and I should check out Thomas the Tank Engine, each person apparently narrated at least 52 episodes of person
 Oh, yes. I love computers and learning about them. In fact, I found out recently that the Russians once made a computer back in 1936 that ran on water. That is amazing!
 That is amazing! I wonder how they did it, I also wonder how a space shuttle can only run on one megabyte of ram, my computer has 16 gigabytes LOL
 That is really cool! I wonder how they did it though, do you have an iPhone by the way? Don't let anyone smoke near it, Apple will void the warranty because they think that is a Biohazard
 I'd be lying if I said it wasn't my favorite star in the solar system. Ha! What about you? I also found out recently that he's actually a white color and not yellow. Atmospheric scattering makes it appear yellow, crazily enough!
 LOL it's definitely my favorite and most useful star. It's crazy though that a lightning bolt is five times hotter than the sun, you wouldn't think that's true
 I know, right? It's also crazy that it produces enough energy in a single second to meet our planets needs for 500k years. I'm surprised we haven't found a way to fully utilize the sun!
 Yeah we should learn how to utilize that energy. That would solve a lot of our problems. Also scary is that our son is one billionth the size of the largest star in the galaxy, that is a huge star LOL
 Very well, thanks. Can you believe that The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 I've never really thought about it.  I would have assumed Trump would be up there.
 I just read about it but have never heard of it before now. How are they not a bigger thing? I feel like they should lead the news...
 Yeah, I find it weird that she did not know what a gynecological examination would be like. I feel like Iwould have known the difference way before my 20s.
 I guess so. We didn't have Google to educate us back then. Now we rely on it so much for health and other information. On August 16, 2013, Google went down for five minutes and took 40 percent of web traffic with it.
 Yes, a single Google search requires more computing power than was needed to send Neil Armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon.
 Yeah. I find it interesting that Google Maps tailors the maps to each country's claim when there is a disputed border.
 I guess the app has many uses, did you know Apple had a clothing line back in the 80s!!
 Yeah I love Google. A single search requires more computing power that it took to send Neil Armstrong and 11 other astronauts the moon!
 Oh man I bet he got an A+ LOL! Yet looks like they are about 14% of the shares.
 Yeah I guess he got off easy! I will have to Google that show later and check it out. So many people use Google it once went down for five minutes and took 40% of web traffic with it.
 well when they used rotary phones 212 was the fastest number you could type on it, so that is how it became new yorks area code
 haha I'm team android myself, apparently an iphone has more computer power than all of the USA missile deterrent system combined, that is wild!
 yes it is, I wouldn't buy one, but it is good to know that you can get 3g coverage on top of mount everest
 That is crazy.Then that means that you can be addicted to the internet up there.
 Its crazy how much computing power an Iphone has.
 I have gotten lost using Waze, dont really like that app, I thinik google maps is more reliable, did you know you can get 3g signal on top of Mount Everest?
 NoI didn't know that but I wouldn't be surprised if it had its own cell tower sometime int he future! haha
 That must have been a really hard job, those cables are thin they must be really resistant.
 It must be hard to meassure and Im guessing many people dont know about that, I would definetely stop using my cellphone as much.
 Yes. I'm guilty of that too, I tend to just skim it and assume a lot is self-explanatory. But it is best to take the time to read your contract. Especially for end-user agreements, how much they will charge you to cancel a contract can be outrageous!
 I play fantasy soccer, did you know there is a Fantasy congress and points are earned based on legislative success.
 Hi! Can you believe Trump isn't the wealthiest president of all time. In fact, he isn't even top three? That title belongs to Washington, Jefferson and JFK!
 Was he really? Of all the seemingly intelligent presidents we've had, that is very surprising. I wonder if "President Banana", Zimbabwe's first president, had a PhD? Ha!
 That is crazy! Almost as crazy as knowing the runner up in presidential elections became the vice president up until 1805. Can you imagine if it was like that today? There'd be sheer chaos!
 That would be great. And speaking of foreign presidents, the Indonesian president has actually released not one, or two, but three pop albums while serving as president. Ha! I don't know how to feel about that!
 Me neither, apparently jellyfish are 98% water and will evaporate in the sun
 That's interesting. Even asteroids can have it's own moons
 That is wild! I didn't know that! Wonder if there's any evidence of methane based life on any of the asteroid moons like there is on Titan, which happens to be one of Saturn's moons!
 No, I didn't know that, that can't be true. 
 Ha! At least he is not called President Banana! So weird...
 I never knew that UNICEF will donate a day of clean water for every min we dont use our cell phones. that should be widely published
 Can you imagine if they got severed in some way? 
 Wow, you can get addicted just by clicking novelty links?
 I just learned that one google search takes more computing power than for neil armstrong and the other astronauts to go to the moon. Is Google your search engine of choice?
 That is interesting. I believe it. Google maps must account for some of that traffic. When there is a border that's disputed, Google Maps is tailored to fit the claims of each country.
 Oh, that is quite different!    It is amazing how much computing power google has available
 I guess it is good they take a green approach to lawn care!
 Thanks!    They were students at the time at some California school, I think.
 Thanks!     The company went public a number of years ago, I believe.
 Yes.    It is amazing how bright and colorful their everyday clothes were!
 I'd hope so!      You also might find some things like Rip Curl clothes that are made in North Korea, but masquerade as being Made in China.
 no I have never read advice columns it seems like we are looking into someones life.
 not bad, did you know if you watch a horror film before viewing art you will enjoy the art show more?
 did you know the first king to travel arounf=d the world was from Hawaii?
 Iceland is cool, they have  alot authors on the island
 its been nice talking to you
 It's interesting to know.  I thought it was only 5 million people.
 It is nice to know.  I live with my daughter so I celebrate Thanksgivings at home.
 I did not know that.  What is the reason?
 I heard that they standby on Twitter and Facebook for 14 hours a day.  
 I did not know about this info before.  I think they should publicize it.
 I love that he made dc united the hottest team already.
 Apparently you get what you pay for and he seems to be worth every penny.  I would assume it's a lot more than the average player, and he does have the name recognition as well as a pretty good WC record.  You think he's happy playing in the US?
 That wouldn't surprise me - his international Q rating is probably through the roof!
 All that running through the frozen maze would have freaked me out. Stephen King considers Bambi the first horror movie he ever saw. I guess the killing of his mother was traumatic.
 That's an interesting benefit but I think enjoying abstract art more after watching a horror movie is more impressive
 Detroit? Not my first choice. I'd go to SOuth Africa first for the flame thrower cars.
 Yeah, me either.  That's a really awesome way to exercise!
 I agree that would be a nice change of pace. If you are into flame throwers on your car, then South Africa is the place to go.  Its legal there.  Crazy!
 Japan has nothing but toll highways...no thanks!
 How did he not realize with all the screaming and running he had to do?
 Don't let Keanu Reeves on there! At least it wont cost the $300 to travel like it does in Japan!
 I bet he liked horror films though! Stephen king thought bambi was a horror film when he was a child.
 Did he really? That's hilarious! I actually watch horror films because it's a great way to burn calories. You can actually burn over 180 calories by watching horror movies, surprisingly enough!
 I may have to incorporate that into my workout routine! That's crazy. If you like art, watch horror films before you look at abstract art and you will enjoy the art more!
 I will try that next time I watch a horror movie, then! Can you believe that the boy from The Shining named Danny didn't actually know he was acting in a horror film until years later? It's like how did he not know that? Ha!
 That's crazy, isn't it? I figured drive-thrus have always been around! What else surprises me is our trunks are called that because older cars had wooden trunks on the back!
 I just learned it costs more than $300 to travel across the entire country. I would much rather travel by a Dutch Bus that goes 160 mph.
 It sounds a lot easier than travel in Iceland. They have no public rails so if you do not have a car your next best bet is air travel between major towns.
 I would have thought England with their advanced navy. Some travel seems easier than travel with TSA. They have a lot of rules but they are available on facebook messenger and twitter from 8AM-10PM if you had questions.
 I just learned that you lose 180 calories. I believe it. I should probably watch a horror movie before viewing abstract art, it will make the art more appreciated.
 Yeah  he played 16 years in England and then just decided to come over here.,
 That should be interesting! I guess Kavanaugh is propagating it too.
 Wow, I did not know that. Seems like a weird thing to award someone for. The senate saved money by using the same gavel for 165 years.
 :) Do you have a dog?
 I never got into that whole craze, but I was shocked to find out there are over 750 episodes!  Wow!
 Yeah there are a lot of Pokemon and episodes now. I guess it must be very easy to produce!
 Good you have a dog, then.  I hear Google is a dog company.
 Yeah, I used to watch them too. Did you know Bart was only absent from one episode?
 That's surprising, it seems like it ran here for years and years! Like Pokemon. I never liked that one, but there are 750 episodes!
 Back in '88 one senator invoked an obscure rule allowing the sergeant-at-arms to arrest absent senators and bring them to chamber to vote.  When one senator tried to escape he was caught and carried feet-first back into Senate Chambers by three officers.  Funny they could do that.
 He must have been shocked! I bet the rest of his 6 year term was awkward!
 They're smart animals! They understand pointing. So do elephants!
 That's interesting. There are 12 dog blood types. I never thought about that. 
 You can even take your doggy to donate blood if he is a generous doggy.
 I'm not sure but lucky for some stray dogs in Istanbul that people who recycle bottles will get food and water dispensed to dogs at vending machines 
 Hello, are you a Hockey fan?  I sure am.  Did youninow that an average professional hockey player will lose up to 8 lbs in a single game?
 Wow, that must be really loud.  In Canada, radio stations must play at least 40% Canadian music, by law.  
 Yes, as far as other entertainment, President Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't look Presidential.
 I love Netflix.  Bill Nye " The Science Guy" won a Steve Martin lookalike contest.  That was his big break.
 But not in the US, Finland, Latvia, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, or Canada.  Have a great night.
 Do you watch pokemon? There are over 750 episodes
 It's 16 years worth. 50 each year.
 I like to read slow. I read a woman set a record by reading 4,700 words a min
 Yes. It's my favorite in the Olympics. A gymnast with a wooden leg won six medals 3 of them gold in a single day
 Good God, that's quite an accomplishment. 
 yes it is and ancient greeks practiced gymnastics in order to practice for war
 1976 was the first perfect 10
 A $1? They must have thought he was worthless!
 locked here too
 Oh my, you sound like a real fan!  I don't recall ever watching a single episode.lol
 Oh my, seems never ending. I heard on the news people going all kinds of crazy places after the Pokemons.  Too funny!
 I know, that's incredible!  I'm fast but nowhere near that fast.
 Yeah I usually only watch during the olympics. It's fun though. It evolved from exercises used by the ancient Greeks.
 That is interesting. Yes they would be practicing for war and they would use these exercises to do that. It's crazy that North Korea has a Guinness World Record by the way
 Do they really? I like watching the pommel horse. It was originally used by soldiers to practice dismounting a horse. 
 that sounds cool, 24 men scored a perfect 10 in the 1924 gymnastics too
 Yea you're right. In 1976 a 14 year old scored the first perfect 100 in gymnastics!
 Wow thats so frustrating. Very deceiving. Pokemon was hugely successful. There are over 750 episode!
 I love Pokemon as a kid! I also loved the Simpsons, I can't believe that Homer had almost 200 jobs in the first 400 episodes
 That is so funny. He was a man of many talents. Do you read much? In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of reading novels.
 That's funny to me. You never hear that today, I think it's cool to that Andrew Johnson, who was the president, never even went to school and his wife helped him to learn how to read
 Lucky guy! Definitely paid off for him. The world record of speeding is 4700 words per minute! So fast.
 You're right. Also Louis Braille actually invented Braille when he was only 15, it's that reading system that blind people use with the bumps.
 That's when I watch it, too. Did you know that gymnastics was originally a way to prepare for war? No wonder it's so intense.
 And rightfully so, too! I guess gymnastics also has something to do with practicing circus skills, too. Incredible.
 It's not too late for kids to learn to read, though. President Johnson never learned to read until his wife helped him out!
 Today, kids have these things called "reading bicycles," and their test scores are skyrocketing! Wish we had those as kids.
 Ahah that's funny. I'm all about TV, I really like the Simpsons. I just saw an episode without Bart, I think it's the only one ever.
 That's possible. A lot of universal celebrities do voice acting though. Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin have both narrated Thomas the Tank engine episodes.
 I heard they aired their episode finale and got flowers from the Simpsons crew, guess they're well respected.
 I am somewhat! I think it's interesting that his hair was actually blonde, he dyed it black.
 Oh so did he fail music? That really is ironic. Although he clearly established himself eventually. His daughter even, has been married to both Michael Jackson and Nicholas Cage.
 I wonder too! Nevertheless they're both respected. Freddie Mercury even wrote a song as a tribute for Elvis. 
 On the other hand, Kurt Russell had his own interpretation too, he voiced Elvis in Forrest Gump. Anyways, it was nice chatting with you, have a good night!
 Yeah!  I didn't know that, they just released a movie on Freddie Mercury too, it was good. I think it's funny that Elvis failed his music class, how ironic!
 And his hair was unique too. He dyed it black!
 Yes every changes, many people dedicate their time to Facebook.. did you know BK has an interesting promo about facebook
 Yeah, that's taking Facebook a little too seriously!  I can't imagine using it as a means for legitimate government activity!  Facebook has been reprimanded for supporting "fake news" so why would I trust it to be the source for important decisions!? Seems a bit weird.
 I am sure you are familiar with Bart Simpson. As long as that show has been on there is only one episode where he does not appear and is not mentioned. That's shocking. 
 I am familiar with Bart Simpson.  I do agree, that is shocking that he didn't appear in one episode.  He is sort of the focal point of the show, I thought.
 I hadn't heard about that before, but read about it in the article. I do agree, they did rip them off.
 I am familiar with it, but have never watched it before.
 Did you know that there have been over 750 episodes?!
 That's interesting. No, I don't. How was it?
 ah that is cool, and ya like fantasy football there is also fantasy congress! What will they come up with next?
 They are good for that and pretty much everything else. Something interesting happened the other day I was at best buy looking for a tv and when I saw the price I said I'll just buy it on amazon it's cheaper there, they said they price match amazon. I was shocked.
 oh wow that is very interesting, good to know though, can you believe Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain? Like why? haha
 Yeah, apparently Target matches amazon pricing too. I guess these days they have no choice. As for the clock in the mountain, when you have so much money you gotta find creative ways to spend it!
 haha I guess, I don't see the purpose of that, or the fact that it will run for 10,000 years, but to each his own!
 It's great! I often wonder why other places can't make it that easy. It turns out amazon holds a patent on 1 click buying. So I guess most places don't want to pay them licensing fees. 
 ya, amazon is taking over, they have the one click thing, they have a publishing arm, a film studio and a tv studio too
 ya I don't usually see that, would you get a job at amazon? I guess during your shift you could walk up to 15 miles for work
 It is crazy that Netflix uses up so much bandwidth. Yet, they still spend more on postage.
 I know. I wonder if that is still the case with no longer DVDs being a large part of their empire. After racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13, reed hastings was inspired to start netflix
 I guess he tried to sell Netflix to Blockbuster for $50 million. Blockbuster must be regreting not buying, as it's now worth $2 billion.
 Blockbuster only has 1 store left and it's in Alaska! 
 Wow, I did not know that. Youtube is another popular entertainment service. Together with Netflix, it makes up half of North America's peak internet traffic.
 If only we could harness that power for good... Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in house
 A popular actor who only wants to project positivity because of his belief system is Jim Carrey. He doesn't act in dramas anymore because he can't act in anything that doesn't project positivity.
 WOW, I did not know that. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
 That is so interesting. Another group that did something unconventional is NWA. They reached platinum status without airplay or having a major tour.
 Haha, I would love to listen to that album. But I also want to listen to Dark Side of the Moon since it's so popular. It was released over 40 years ago but was still a best selling album as of 2014.
 I used to love to buy singles on cassettes! It was what I could afford with my allowance. I would listen and rewind over and over again. Cassettes are obsolete now but were used from the 70s all the way up to the first decade of the 2000s.
 Yea, it's crazy how far netflix has come since being founded in 1997
 Wow. I'm surprised that Blockbuster declined to buy them. 
 Yea Blockbuster could of bought Netflix for only $50 million
 Possibly, I know Michael Caine got into acting at first just to meet pretty girls in drama class
 There is some drama also that the CEO said he did not want to have plus size models.
 That surely provoked a lot of rage in people, I heard he didnt want transgender models either.
 I didnt know that! I guess Amazon brings too much traffic to lose it over one day.
 Thats a good way to stay active, the first customer of Amazon has a building name after him, how crazy is that!!
 That is cool, I wish that was an option now 
 Did you know Jeff Bezos built a clock in a mountain that should run for 10,000 years?
 You and me both! Maybe they'll get better soon haha. I bet Allen Iverson can't wait until he turns 55.
 He gets a lump sum of 32 million dollars for his life endorsement with Reebok! Big money!
 Wow, that's great. Especially because more than of NBA players go broke 5 years after retirement.
 I believe that! He would have played longer I'm sure if he did the granny style approach to shooting freethrows!
 I think I would wait until it came out on netflix lol. You can never have a better movie than the original! 
 That was great as well! Speaking of Space Jam, did you know Air Jordan's were originally banned in the league?
 I have never heard of him. I bet he keeps hitting himself over that every day lol.
 I am hoping the Celtics actually. I'm not a fan but they are playing great ball. Who do you think?
 Oh for sure! The bucks weren't even in the running at all. It will be interesting for sure. It was great chatting, have a great night!
 No, I did not. I heard it was $23 million dollars.
 I know, right? I like that it has a nice pool and trees for privacy. It must be so relaxing.
 It also has an open air cabana.
 I saw that it had 8 bedrooms and 11 bathrooms. Who needs that many bathrooms.
 I guess one for each room and one for the guests. Maybe one by the pool?
 He is often considered the best basketball player in the world.
 It's crazy that he rejected a $10 million dollar advertising offer when he was only 18 because he thought he could do better. He was right. Nike offered him $90 million.
 Good for him. I just read the highest paid celebrity after him is Judge Judy!
 That is amazing. Funny how some people won't contrubute unless a celebrity asks. His high school basketball games tickets were between $100-120.
 No. I haven't heard that  did you know he had 2 olympic gold medals..
 Speaking of suprises did you know Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look." 
 And speaking of looks, Bill Nye got his break because he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest.
 That's interesting did you know the Nintendo system could display only 54 colors. Only? I thought that was a lot guess not
 Not sure but The nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in september of 2003 in japan.
 That is not as long ago as I would have thought!
 Ouch!  both on the feet and in the pocketbook.  lol
 That's his name!  ...and how ironic!  In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 Did you know that the only US president to ever have a Phd was Woodrow Wilson? I thought that there would be more.
 I did not know that! It should almost be a requirement at this point. History and politics and some form of a degree sounds like something that the person holding the nuclear codes for the country should have...
 Did you know that the last US president to be able to fluently speak a second language was Franklin Roosevelt? That was from quite a while ago.
 I did not know that. But I've got one better, maybe... Elmo is the only non-human that testified before the U.S. Congress. Weird..
 Hmm.. very interesting man he was. You wonder what makes them do the things they did. Like, the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. No joke. I don't know who comes up with this stuff.. 
 150 million is a lot of money! Facebook's psychological experiments have affected voting in real time!
 I believe that 100%. Social media has such a huge influence on what people believe and buy into. It's almost scary, coming from an era where there was no such thing, it's crazy to watch the development of it.  Speaking of developments, there are still more libraries than McDonald's in the US. Hard to believe...
 Really? I thought that McDonald would have taken over librarys years ago! I guess people have not given up on reading books just yet.
 Three?! I never even knew that there was a single one! That is a lot of subways for just congressmen.
 Ha ha well it must've worked because she got the part. Did you know that Tupac danced ballet high school?
 hey did you know that Bruce Lee was a talented dancer and won some dancing competitions?
 I wish I could have danced with him.  That would have been amazing.  Dancing with Michael Jackson would have been cool too especially if he let me use his patented lean device!
 Do you follow basketball?  I love to watch slam dunks!  Too bad Kareem Abdul-Jabbar didn't get to use them as much as nowadays as they were banned for over a decade in college ball.
 Can't say that I do, I don't really watch sports, I do think its funny there is a basketball court at the top of the supreme court, and they call it the HIGHEST court in the land haha
 I wonder who plays on that court. I'm not sure if they would make more money or college and basketball coaches from 39 out of 50 state schools.
 Poor guy having a losing season, but good that he had a great game invented so not all is lost.  Do you watch college women's basketball?  Maryland sure has something to brag about with its finish in the Big 10 last year.
 Just pay the fines and you can do what you want I guess.  Tim Duncan from the Spurs sacrificed the money though and stayed in college for four years before going to the NBA.  
 Ya that would take a lot of courage and confidence in yourself, one slip up or if you got injured, they would pull that offer and you'd be done, that is impressive he did that
 I love Amazon. Bezos built a clock inside of a mountain that can run for 10,000 years.
 I have no idea. The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.
 I agree. The postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver packages on Sunday.
 Those workers walk between 7-15 miles per day. 
 I agree. IMDB is actually owned by Amazon. I had no idea.
 Wow I didn't know that. Do you like Lebron James?
 He is a great player. Warner Bros and Lebron James signed a new deal for a Space Jam sequel.
 Haha. I always like that movie, but I was pretty young when it first came out.
 did you know that Bruce lee was a great dancer and won a dancing championship?
 ya I bet whoever has a video of that performance is sitting on a gold mine haha
 sounds like it, I think it's crazy that Air Jordans were banned by the NBA but Nike just paid the fine so MJ could keep wearing them haha
 I didn't know that the granny shot is the most consistent way to shoot free throws, I definitely think it looks bad but I'm shocked professional players don't do it anyway
 did you know there is an episode of the simpsons that bart is not in and is not mentioned in?
 no, I don't have cable and don't watch any new tv, I do have a lot old tv shows dowloaded though that I sometimes watch, I used to watch pokemon as a kid but I had no idea there were 750 episodes of it
 Wow! I wonder how long all those episodes last put together!
 I did the math I think it'd be like 50 episodes a year for 16 years, just insane, who has the time haha
 No way! That movie is so corny now but I absolutely loved it as a kid. Lebron James is so active even outside of basketball!
 Ya and he makes a ton of money, I guess he is the highest paid celebrity, judge judy comes in second apparently
 ya that makes sense, I guess he rejected a 10million dollar offer from reebok when he was eighteen, that takes a lot of balls especially for being so young
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Do you like basketball?  ive been reading some interesting facts.  Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 That's pretty funny! The us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 Wow! Nba player allen iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 to where he would then receive a final lump sum payment of $32,000,000.
 That's amazing. James naismith, the inventor of basketball, is the only losing coach in the university of kansas' history.
 Interesting! Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba. however, jordan wore them anyways, as nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 Yeah Nike is willing to pay for advertisement! Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 BA players are the world's best paid athletes by average annual salary per player!
 Wow more than football? The new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"
 I was surprised too! Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba.
 Wow never knew that either.  
 NBA Entertainment and NBA TV studios are directed out of offices located in Secaucus, New Jersey.
 Cool.  Did you know Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 And Tupac danced ballet in high school!
 I know right,  I hope theres a video floating around somewhere!
 That would be awesome! I learned a lot. Thanks for chatting!
 Thanks
 I like Cadillac too. McDonalds' added drive thrus in 1975 to accomodate soldiers who could not get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 Glad they did now they are everywhere! The trunk is called that because it used to actually be a wooden trunk!
 Oh that is cool. In South-africa it is legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking. Sounds like good entertainment.
 Yeah I would love to see that. Like an action movie! I like playing car racing videos but I never knew people like Jahn Mardenborough could use them to become pro!
 Amazing what people can do. In addition to cars I am a mini fan of video games. I know the Nintendo entertainment system (NES) could only display 54 colors. 
 I can see why. It was a bit of a dinosaur. So I like movies as well. Hard to believe that former President Regan was rejected for a movie role because he did not have the "presidential look". I guess he proved them wrong!
 Me too. Hilarious, I'm sure. Not sure if you watch Judge Judy, but she makes 123k per episode!
 I would agree. Have you heard of Bill Nye, the science guy? He got his big break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest.
 Yeah I used to watch his show! Glad we have tv now. People in 50bc bred chickens for entertainment!
 Oh wow. I'm glad that entertainment has evolved and can be adapted for all!
 That is a prodigy.
 Are you interested in presidents? The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. Those would probably be available in the libraries in Indonesia. 
 Trump should be in that group. I hope he does not get elected. 
 geez, I also see that both volleyball and baskeball were invented at the YMCA.
 Well worth the ads. I see that Shaq only hit one 3 point shot his whole career!
 I was readind interesting facts about dancing. did you know that Michael Jackso actually had a patent for a device he used to accomplish that extreme lean he used to do?  Odd!
 Really! That's cool! I love watching good dancers. Did you know Tupac danced in Ballet in high school! He was the mouse in the Nutcracker! 
 I love Ballet but wow, I could never put my feet through that agony! I think it is cute how babies smile more when the hit the beat while listening to music! So cute!
 I love to dance! Not in front of anybody though lol....Bruce lee? Wow that is awesome I did hear he won a championship doing the cha cha in 1958 how cool is that!
 I do like basketball! I am not able to follow it much but love the game, I have heard that NBA players are the highest paid athletes in the world. That's pretty cool!
 True, I love hockey too. It's funny that Air Jordans were banned but Jordan wore them anyway! Nike had to pay a fine every time he wore them!
 I bet they don't mind at all haha! And that is pretty crazy, who cares what you look like if you make the shot!
 It is the best! That makes no sense that they banned it, if it works why not!  I heard Allen Iverson signed a life long contract with Reebok and he gets 800,000 a year until 55 then a lump sum of 32,000,000
  Do you think it is true that the Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor? That sounds fake to me! Can you imagine any of those folks playing basketball?
 Haha! I heard that too and thought, no way lol! I cannot see them going anywhere near a basketball court...I may have to research that lol
 True! I picture them in long robes that the judges wear and suites running around up there hahaa, could be true I suppose!
 WoW! That is too funny, poor guy lol! Hey you have a great evening! Been great chatting! I need to go Google that court they say they have! Bye!
 That is crazy.  They must have known then where he would end up
 Lol, Nike must be paying him a lot of money if his bedroom has a private service entrance
 Really?  That's neat!  I bet it helps them limber up and get preparing for the big game!  Isn't that the same team where one of their members was out with a torn ACL?  My niece had one of those.  Not fun!
 Wow, it does sound awesome! I was reading that too, very interesting. I guess Blaire Watson did have an an injury and had to have surgery! ouch, like you said, not very good to have an injury like that!
 Haha, really? Bruce Lee? That is awesome! I do love to dance but never took lessons, wish I had gotten into modern dance. I have a friend who dances Ballet and they have these slippers that make drawings og their dance movements, so interesting and smart!
 Yes! Those endorsements are huge! About 30 years back Mba Legend Spencer Haywood decided to take 100 grand up front over getting a piece of Nike holdings.....and if he would have taken the Nike offer of shares it would have been worth over 8 billion dollars.....wowza, he made a bad choice, can you imagine??? 
 Hahaha! I would have done the same! I am sure the money he made was a lot more than any fine. Isn't it interesting that Volleyball and Basketball was invented at the YMCA? I had no idea. 
 Yeah, all my nieces and nephews play basketball as well as other sports.  I guess I'm the one that missed out on most of those genes.  Hehe.  
 Mr Rogers breakdancing?  Wow, I can't picture that... I try and my mind just blanks.  LOL.  I don't know though, I'm not the most co-coordinated, so I think I'd be doing a lot of "traveling" instead of dribbling!
 Oh, that is awesome!  You taught a parrot to sing?  I can't tell you how cool I think that is!  Speaking of dancing babies, I remember seeing a vid on Ellen of a toddler in a car seat asleep, then they played "Gangum Style" and it woke up and starting bobbing around!  So funny!
 Hello, do you use Amazon? I've thought about working there as a picker but I believe you have to walk between 7 and 15 miles a day! 
 Oh wow, I wish I had bought some as well.  It's amazing what Jeff Bezos has been able to develop since he founded it 25 years ago!
 Yeah. I use it when I can picture a face but not a name or their previous work. It drives me crazy not knowing
 Me too! Do you ever watch Judge Judy? She's actually the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James. That's crazy!
 I think Pokemon started when I was a kid, but apparently they put out 50 episodes a year for 16 years. My son was sort of into Pokemon for awhile.
 I find pokemon cards all over the house! That's a lot of pokemon episodes!
 Agreed. That is hard to believe of all the content on YouTube, one of his videos are the most disliked. Then again, PSY's Gangham Style video got so many views, YouTube had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits!
 No kidding! That's back when they made basic radios using pencils as diodes and razorblades. My how the times have changed, right?
 Sad, isn't it? But speaking of time, isnt it crazy that when the planet was formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long? Imagine if we had to live like that now. It'd be impossible!
 You know that site began as a dating website!
 That would be quite different!    Speaking of planets, did you know Jupiter has radio storms!
 Yes.    It must be a shock to Canadians, since their radio must contain 40% Canadian content.
 It is their law.   Well, now you've got me curious.    I'm off to listen to that weekly news program all in classical latin.
 Wow! I didn't either! I do know it's the largest internet retailer on the planet, at least measured by revenue and market capitalization but behind Alibaba in total sales.
 It's interesting that Cadilac founded Detroit yet motorized vehicles have been banned on Mackinac Island MI for over 100 years
 That is crazy? Do you know why they're banned? I bet Karl Benz wasn't expecting vehicles to be banned when he first introduced the Benz Patent-Motorwagen in 1886!
 Yikes! That's a lot of money! Heck, did you know the first king to travel around the world was Hawaii's King Kalakaua?
 I am not sure. It is crazy how they are expanding so fast.
 I have not. It is sad that locals think it might not be for the best. 
 Yeah.  I miss Nirvana.  It sounds like Seattle has a lot of anti-material and rich people mixed together.  Mopeds, dented cars and BMW SUV's all in the mix.
 I wonder how that dynamic mixture works? Two opposites living together. 
 Are you interested in cars?
 Cars are interesting. It is illegal to warm up your car in ohio. I would hate that in the winter. 
 True. I am surprised not more people steal cars that are heating up, since the keys are in the ignition. 
 I wonder what year they decided that would be the term.
 Me too. Makes it quick and convenient to order food from a car.
 Do you like to travel.  It would be cool the see the Dutch train that can go 160mph.  
 I love to travel. That would be a really cool thing to experience.
 It is I have been wanting to watch it again. I remember when they showed the earths entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period  humans are only in the last 77 seconds.
 I thought I heard that. The earth is the largest of the four terrestrial planets.
 Did you know that Amazon was started in 1994 by Jeff Bezos? It's also based out of Seattle Washington
 I think it's because old cars used to have wooden trunks right? That sounds like such a fire hazard LOL especially if you live in South Africa where flamethrowers are legal and you can put them on your car LOL
 That is what I thought, Up until 2005 a couple that is married, scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games for each year, 
 I wonder why they had to be married?  What was the reasoning?
 Wow, in 39 out of our 50 U.S. states, the employee that is paid the highest wage as a "State Employee" is either a college football coach or a basketball coach.
 That was new to me.  Why would they (the coaches) want to be state employees though.  I would think that they could make more money doing something else related to sports.
 true, also did you know that in 18th century England, people played Bat and Ball games and later the game became popular in the U.S. and was called Baseball?
 So did I! Also NBA player Allen Iverson actually signed with Reebok in 2001, a lifetime endorsement contract that would pay him 800,000.00 per year and I big lump sum final payment at age 55 of 32 Million!
 That was a lot of money.  Is Iverson retired from basketball?  
 Not sure, probably close to retiring. In Texas, the San Antonio Spurs team player Tim Duncun passed up an NBA contract but chose to go to a 4 year college first.
 Perhaps college is more important Duncun.  I would not pass up lots of money though since the opportunity might not happen again.
 Me too, Did you know that the FBI revealed that it had findings of corruptions among shoe companies and agents and a few big time college coaches, I guess some sort of money scheme to endorse or kickbacks?
 That was news to me but I would not be surprised to know.  Anyway, I've got to run now.  Nice chatting with you.
 Its with Michael jordan. Shaq only made 1 3 point shot ever. 
 Really? I know there was not an emphasis on the 3 ball then but only 1?
 Only one. I did not know the NBA been around since 1946
 It was invented by Naismith, the losingest coach in Kansas basketball history! Change the rules so you win more!\
 Thats right. Most of the players go broke after retirement. They should save money.
 so Derek Jeter thinks Bryant Gumbel is weak lol
 No. I saw that interview on real sports and it was so goofy. It was almost flirting... Really weird.
 I guess but since he has been with the marlins, he has stepped in it a lot. Not with the yankees though.
 I didnt know that either, it would be interesting to watch them play, baseball is a popular game not only in the US but it also has a lot of fans in Japan
 I didnt know that either, he must have some good litereature pieces then, you know that literature was like an olympic sport before 1952
 so weird!
 Very interesting! Jfk, Washington and Jefferson were the three wealthiest presidents!
 I wouldnt doubt it. I love that the first president of Zimbabwe was called banana!
 That is ridiculous! It is hilarious that the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house.
 That makes sense. I did not know that players lose up to 8 pounds per game. 
 That must have not been fun. A player was traded for $1 and ended up winning 4 stanley cups!
 I heard about it.  Do you know the reason.  I do not think you could use that name in the US.
 It is really rude to go on another person's show and insult them
 On a lighter note, have you heard that scientists said that shooting basketball granny style is the best way but players think it doesn't look cool?
 The NBA is very powerful and rich, it seems. One of the players got around thirty two million for his contract with Reebok.
 I love the NBA too. I saw that Reggie Miller has a sister who is better as basketball then he is.
 I think that would be a good idea for the league. Did you know Air Jordan's were banned, but Jordan still wore them and had Nike pay the fine?
 I bet he is mad at himself for that. Did you know Jabbar's dunk was banned in college for about 10 years?
 I love watching the dunks too. In 39 of 50 states, the top paid employee of the state is either a college basketball or football coach.
 Definitely. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall Blacks.
 I love Space Jam. I saw Lebron James might be in the sequel.
 Maybe.  But I think it is more of a matter of being bad with money.  In the NFL 75 percent go broke
 Lol yes. He was a pretty poor shooter. Apparently he only one 3-pointer his entire career. He must have been pretty surprised.
 No I didn't know that. So apparently you like you said, there are different types of hockey, what is interesting to me is that Canada has a national sport. One of them is hockey and the other is lacrosse, no one watches lacrosse though LOL
 Yep that's true, hockey is probably their national sport because it is so cold in Canada, I can believe too that a hockey player can lose up to eight pounds in one game, both from the physical activity and the cold
 Yea hockey is a very demanding sport physically but a loss of 8 pounds in a game is still a lot
 Nope I can't either! I'm also happy that instead of having to build two stadiums, you can just swap between a hockey rink and a basketball court
 Oh wow that is interesting. Speaking of controversial, did you know that George Carlin actually did a narration for the Thomas the Tank Engine kids TV show
 Yep you're right. you said you watch The Simpsons, did you see the episode where Bart does not appear? He also isn't mentioned in the whole episode
 yes I wish I saw them and I also where should I sell Lincoln Park before their singer passed away, they did about one concert per day back in 2001
 I don't know I don't really get involved with politics, but I do know the top 3 richest presidents and apparently Trump isn't one of them which is surprising
 ya I was thinking that the list must be adjusted for inflation, also weird that the white house is smaller than its guest house
 True, do you have any Idea where the guest house located?
 what do you think about the pres. of indonesia releasing pop albums? Do you think Trump should make an album with Kanye? haha
 ya I could see that, and yes Elmo actually testified before congress and was the only non-human ever to do so
 ah I didn't know that, do you play fantasy football? apparently there is a fantasy congress that people also bet on
 No I think they determined it didn't happen, but I'm not a hundred percent sure on that it's crazy that there is a candy drawer in the Senate with unlimited candy LOL I want some of the Milky Way is right now
 No I haven't. I only know that there are two senators per state so there are a total of 100 senators in the chamber
 Yep it's better if celebrities just don't get involved, but I was shocked to learn that women could not wear pants in the Senate until about the year 1993, that seems very stupid
 Yep I could agree with that. What do you think about the top three most wealthy presidents though? Shocking that Trump is not one of them
 What do you think about the president of Indonesia by the way? Maybe he is Rich from the three pop albums that he wrote while in office to LOL
 Yep I think it's better this way. Emagine with President Trump and vice president Hillary Clinton, you would have so much drama
 I have no idea honestly. I will leave it up to Congress to decide. That is their job. There is even a fantasy congress where you can draft members of congress!
 Wow! I never knew that, must of been real close to the sun or was spinning much faster.
 Yeah super short days.  I wouldnt mind going to work for only 2 hours though! Earth will be virtually helium-free by the end of the 21st century
 That's amazing but bad news for ballons. Did you know the United Nations appointed an ambassador for extraterrestrials?
 Thats interesting.  Hope they speak alien.
 I never knew Cadillac was a french name. I wonder if they had wooden trunks in the first cadillacs?
 Oh that's pretty sexist! I would never wear a dress or a skirt outside! It's simply not functional! I was reading about the 3 richest Presidents and Trump did not make the list! I'm shocked!
 Trump is probably going to rig the numbers to move up in the rankings. And what about the guest house there?
 Oh yeah! I heard that the white house's guest house is bigger than the white house! I'd just stay in the guest house since Presidents get away with so much anyway!
 How about "you're fired!" He fires people after all. Woah! I just found out that the first woman elected to congress in 1916 didn't even have the right to vote in a national election yet! Thank goodness that times have changed!
 I would as well! Sounds super interesting and entertaining. I'm definitely going to google that. haha
 I know a little bit about them. Do you know where the term came from?
 Yep and it is derived from the Latin word congressus.
 Did you know the first woman was elected to congress before she even had the right to vote?
 That's pretty interesting. Did you know that the senate used the same gavel for 165 years?
 Did you know that there are dedicated subways to shuttle congressmen between the Capitol and their offices?
 Did you see Billy Mays funeral? I guess all the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants that is so weird.
 That is funny haha. What kind of shirt do you think Nixon wore? I think it's funny that in Hawaii the official business shirt is the Aloha shirt
 I used to have a husky. Dogs are so cuddly and come in all shapes and sizes haha. I love that their man's best friend do you have any dogs
 Yeah that seems really dumb. Did you know that dogs have 12 different blood types?
 That is funny! Did you know that dogs are not actually colorblind?
 I thought that too! I guess they just can't see as many colors as humans poor dogs!
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that Google prefers dogs over cats. It even says it in their code of conduct
 That would be amazing! I want to have a pet elephant apparently only dogs and elephants can understand pointing haha
 Haha, true! Dogs can also donate blood at blood drives. Not sure how I feel about that though, doesn't seem they can really consent.
 That might be why we love them so much. Google even prefers dogs to cats and says so on their code of conduct.
 I have seen Pink Floyd.  But not the one at the roman amphitheater in Pompeii.  Of course they had no audience.
 Never saw the ramones.  Even with them touring almost nonstop for 20 years.  Yikes!!
 They played almost 115 a year.  That's alot.
 I can't name one team to tell you the truth!  I am intrigued to hear that an average player can lose up to 8 pounds in a game.  I'm sure it's mainly water weight from sweating, but still.  Great weight loss!
 That you do my friend. I would have thought for when I went to see Lynrd Skynrd, at least 1 of them would have been down, but they were all professionals.  Sad, to hear that about your wedding. I wish they hadn't turned ya'll down, that would have been a cool story to tell the grandbabies.  Still, is a cool story!
 True. Also a surprising fact is the president's guest house is bigger than the white house.
 Yeah maybe so. Until 1805, the runner up in a president election automatically became vice president!
 I think I'll check out getting a flame-thrower for my car in S. Africa.  You never know about carjackings...
 What? Why on earth would they have built the guest house larger than the white house! That's nuts!
 I know! I can't even imagine. They would not get along at all!
 But it would be so much more fun to watch! I heard that Trump doesn't even make the top 3 wealthiest presidents in US history. But that's hard for me to believe.
 Oh, that would be funny. So, did you know that there are three subway lines exclusively for congressmen to move between the Capitol and the House and the Senate Offices?
 Wow! That would really make the job a lot more enjoyable.
 I also think it's interesting that the sun doesn't rotate as a solid body... and the equator actually rotates faster than the poles!
 I know, right? And on a related note, helium was the only element discovered on the sun before we discovered it on earth, believe it or not!
 That is a good question. I love listening to the radio as it is, particularly politics. Speaking of politics, did you know Woodrow Wilson was the only president to have a PhD? Isn't that hard to believe?
 Maybe so! Can you also believe that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed at his inauguration and ironically, John Wilkes Booth was also in the photo? Weird, huh?
 Yeah. And since the sun is already 100 times the diameter of the earth, that would not bode well for our little planet.
 hahaha That is funny!
 likewise, did you know the sun is the center of the solar system, what are the odds?
 True, but when you see it in writing it gets you thinking
 Really, it's actually white?  That is cool.  One second of the Sun's power is enough to power the whole planet for 500,000 years.  That is amazing.
 That is impressive. Solar power is such a good idea even if we just use it as reserves. I didn't think anything could be hotter than the sun but shockingly a lightning bolt is. It's roughly 5 times hotter!
 I thought the sun was the hottest of all.  As big as we think the sun is, it's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star that has currently been discovered in our galaxy. 
 That is hard to wrap my head around. I can't fathom the size of that. There are many space facts that blow my mind. Like space is ever expanding but I don't understand into what. What is in the space beyond currently? Nothing? 
 I don't either.  That is beyond my brain power.  I guess Neptune rotates slow.  In 2011, in completed it's first full order around the sun since it's discovery in 1846. 
 I knew it was the farthest from the sun so it would take a while but I had no idea it took that long. That means a day is 173 years?! That's crazy!
 Switching topics, did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson were the 3 richest Presidents in history.
  I wonder how that last name came about?
 It's very strange that that would happen while someone was in power. Seems like something they would do before or after. I really doubt Trump can sing. The only president I can recall seeing sing ever was Obama.  
 I was not aware of that either. That seems a little strange. They run against each other and talk about how the other is incapable and then have to work directly with that person who is then the second in line for the presidency? What a strange system. 
 Yes, but could be useful as well.  I am a big fan of charity and donations.  Socks are among the least often donated but are among the most needed items in homeless shelters. 
 It is. That is not a style that is accepted now ha ha. 
 Speaking of him, he promoted that shoe line but was not paid to endorse them.
 Maybe. Professional ballet dancers can also go through 4 pointe shoes every week!
 I used to watch that. Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for tv drama ever.
 Jim Carrey doesn't act in dramas anymore. I thought it was just because he did better in comedy.
 Michael Caine is another successful actor. But he only became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.
 If you're really into drama, there is a website where you can listen to episodes of classic dramas at no cost.
 Oh yes I vaguely remember now. Speaking of something that seems surreal, kind of like out of a drama, NFL wide receiver Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game. This raises awareness about homeless people who do not have shoes.
 Ha. No, that sounds odd. Speaking of pointe shoes, professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs a week.
 I don't know but probably a lot! Speaking of shoes, they were way better 5000 years ago than they are now!
 Ha, that sounds very odd. You can put dry tea bags in smelly shoes to get rid of bad smells.
 I do like drama. Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because he wants to only play in movies that generate positivity
 Yes I do too. There is a website that has thousands of episodes for free
 Did you know he became an actor because the girls in drama class were pretty.
 That would be interesting to learn. Did you know unicef will donate day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.
 I might start using my phone less then, I think its a noble cause
 It really is. I wonder if you have to sign up for that. Here's something interesting. An iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 That is interesting, I have an Iphone and I didnt know I had so much power in my pocket.
 I don't really know much about shoes. It's funny that 5,000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
 It is! which is crazy some of the cost now-a-days. You think they would have better quality
 Yeah in Greek it means action
 212 is new yorks area code because its the fastest way to dial on a rotary
 I don't really watch it at all? Do you? 
 hi
 He died of cancer at 68, paralyzed from a ^diving^ accident. At first, I thought it said "driving." 
 I agree. He wouldn't let his disability stop him from accomplishing anything wanting to be respected for the man he was and the work he provided.  He did not want to be seen as a charity case.  I applaud him and many other in similar circumstances.
 I imagined that Trump would have been one of the wealthiest presidents in US history, but JFK, Washington and Jefferson were. 
 Yes, I am actually shocked by that.  I thought Trump was a billionaire.
 Ha, I would not put it past him to try.  I also see why he loves Fox news as the network was created by republican media strategist.
 Fox is an interesting phenomenon. It gets more attention than CNN and MSNBC together. I didn't realize it had such a following.
 Yes, reading that really surprised me especially with CNN being around longer than the other networks.  
 And here I thought that MC Hammer chose his pants to look like Aladdin's!  And Aladdin didn't even need to ride a horse! 
 I know he didn't talk about it for a number of years.    Over a decade, but I'm not sure exactly how long until he broached the subject.
 In part, yes.     It is ironic that Fox News Corp thought of doing a Simpsons-only channel years before FXX.
 Well, when your highest elected official is akin to President Banana of Zimbabwe, what can you do?
 Amusing.    I'd like to see a current President record 3 pop albums like the President of Indonesia
 True, although if we still operated by the old rules, where the runner up became Vice President, even superpowers would not help.
 Too true.    Trousers are an essential part of life today.    A DC judge even sued for $67 million when a pair of his were lost at the dry cleaner!
 True.    The character might've worked better in Roman times, were pants were considered a sign of barbarism.
 Funny guy!    Since pants came into vogue due to horse riding, and horses and flies go together, makes sense!   Nice chatting with you!
 Yes I think all news is biased though, so I don't watch any of it personally, it's weird that the median viewer age of Fox News is about 68
 Yep they definitely have a lot of viewers, what's weird too is that they tried to make their own version of The Daily Show but it fizzled out after only 13 episodes
 I did hear about that. I also heard that Fox News was going to sue The Simpsons because they made fun of them too much LOL
 We do, and FDR was the last to speak a foreign language.  I would have though more would have had that skill
 Yep I agree. It's always interesting how presidents went into, apparently only five presidents have won the presidency while losing the popular vote
 Yep it seems like it. What do you think about Abraham Lincoln by the way? He was the first president to be photographed, and John Wilkes Booth was in the photo with him, isn't that weird
 Oh I didn't know that, Richard Ailes also helped, have you ever visited the website ign.com? Thats owned by Fox News too
 Yeah I didn't know that, I did know that their primary location was in New York though, but it's crazy that they broadcast to 86 different countries around the world
 I don't know from what I've seen unemployment is actually the lowest it's been in like 30 years but I try to stay out of politics because I don't really like any people who are involved, maybe Trump should make some pop albums like the president of Indonesia has done? He could work with Kanye West because apparently they are friends
 Haha yes but I'm going to start calling them trousers because it sounds funny or LOL. Did you know that Romans thought that people who wore pants were barbarians
 It is funny! I can see the resemblance, and I never knew that pants were invented because it's easier to mount horses with them on
 Yes I do like comedies a lot, apparently sound, when it became big in the 1920's, helped to make sure that the comedy genre took off
 That's impressive, but I do prefer Seinfeld and the show Frasier, so that's why I'm curious why that particular show one that year
 That is pretty cool. I also like how there is an episode of The Simpsons where Bart never appears, I think they just forgot about him on that one LOL
 No I didn't know that. But I did know that his favorite superhero is Spider-Man, I wonder why he never made any raps about him
 No I didn't know that either. I'll have to watch that movie again, speaking of Eminem no, did you hear that in a court case the judge actually delivered her verdict in the form of a rap to him
 I did know about that, I think it's really awesome! Have you heard of That 70s Show? it doesn't have any rap, but they tried to adapt it to the UK Market LOL and it definitely failed after only 10 episodes
 Haha that is fun do you know why Eminem was in a courtroom? I'm not sure why he was, but the judge gave her ruling in the form of a rap because he was a defendant. That's really weird to me LOL that should be illegal or something
 yeah- I didn't know that, either. I remember going to the movies & watching the pineapple express- I didn't like it (then) but years later, I liked it. It's wierd-to me, sometimes I like movies better years later. 
 I agree with you. Sometimes it takes me awhile to warm up to a movie. Kind of like with Seinfeld, I didn't like it when I was a kid, but now I really like it, and I'm shocked that it didn't win a Golden Globe. 3rd Rock From the Sun did instead
 Yeah, I had no idea that Third Rock from the Sun beat out other comedies in that genre. That's pretty huge for that show to have beaten Seinfeld, Friends & Frasier.
 Did you see the one where they make fun of Family Guy in it? I thought that was awesome. And apparently the producers of The Simpsons that the South Park creators flowers afterwards
 I have not. I find it surprising that there is only one since it has been on so long. 
 I think there are like 750 episodes or something. I would never be able to"catch them all" haha
 They had lots of big names for narrators. They also had Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin!
 Apparently they tried to create a version of it for the UK Market. Although it was only lasting about 10 episodes then they cancelled it. It was called days like these. And the name sounds really dumb I think
 I used to like going a lot but the older I get the less tolerance I have for the rowdy crowds ha ha. Did you know that The Ramones toured almost nonstop for 20 years and played 2,263 concerts?!
 Wow that's crazy. They've been going for so long. Lincoln Park does a lot of concerts too, 324 in 2001 for instance
 That's an insane amount of concerts to play for one year. I would be beyond exhausted. 
 I'd be super upset if I was the guy from Myspace for not buying it when I had the chance. 
 I have seen myspace Tom on Instagram before. I think he travels the world now. He didn't miss out too bad
 The other thing that caught my eye is how tiny the underwater cables are. I always knew about them but they are so unsubstantial. Someone bad could really disconnect the world quick. 
 It's hard to believe he's never received one considering his legendary status! Although many didn't like him because they believe he appropriated black culture and music.
 It's amazing how far the genres come over the years and the family trees that have grown, like George Strait and Jeff Bezos being cousins. That's so weird!
 Agreed. He most certainly was. I'm surprised south park never parodied him considering they like to parody everyone. In fact, the south park producers actually received flowers from the Simpson's crew after the Family Guy episode!
 Yes, good information. I am sure he will win as it is against the law to discriminate.
 Hey I do like Elvis. Interesting that Trump was going to give him the presidential medal of freedom
 Well I don't know if you did, but anyway it was canceled after only 10 episodes after they tried to adapt it for the UK Market LOL
 Yep you're right I think, what about the Fender Stratocaster? I actually have played one before, I never knew that they were intended originally for country music
 That is interesting, I wonder why they perform in Disguise like that? I also wonder why Henry Ford was trying to finance country music to oppose jazz music?
 Didn't they send them flowers from the Simpson's crew?
 I find it cool that Babal was likely the Etemenaki in Iraq, I wonder what it be like to see it
 It's pretty crazy that Myspace didn't buy facebook in 2005 when they had the chance
 Lol, it's pretty crazy Iceland is using facebook to rewrite their constitution
 It's pretty amazing how far facebook has come since being started in 2004
 I didn't know that.  
 I use it a couple of times a day.  Too much! I hear My Space had turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $ 75 million in 2004.  Boy, was that a big mistake on their part.
 No I didn't know that! I was shocked Trump is not on that list though, I was also shocked that the president's guest house is bigger than the White House itself, that doesn't make any sense
 I know, I was thinking the same thing!! Did you know there hasn't been a president that was not a democrat or republican since 1853?
 No I didn't know that. That seems like a long time, what do you think about the fact that back in 1805 the runner-up in the presidential election would become the vice president, that seems like it would create all kinds of problems today
 Oh for sure, never work now!! Makes me think there wasn't enough qualified people then.lol
 That could be it. what do you think about the president of Indonesia by the way? He made three pop albums while he was in office, maybe he is a rockstar over there haha
 That's impressive! It's also impressive that she was born in 1988 which means she's younger than me and also more successful LOL
 Yep I agree! It's crazy that she went to the same high school as Amy Winehouse, there must be something in that food or water in that high school that helps singing
 lol, could be!! Did you know every president with a beard was republican? Surprising
 That is shocking. It's also shocking that the Republican Party was started back in 1854, that's a long time ago
 Yeah that seems kind of petty haha. It's also interesting how the different parties have appealed to different voter blocks overtime, for instance apparently in 2000 the Republican Party became firmly aligned with Christian conservatives
 I think it's weird that scientists even had that conversation 
 Hello - good morning to you as well. Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system?
 I actually didnt know that. Thats a big shame because he had some fantastic dramatic roles
 Yea he's a really good actor. Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a TV drama. Made $700,000 per episode in House. 
 LOL I have no idea!
 hey he was right! Speaking of babes, when Jon Hamm taught drama in his old high school, one his students was none other than Ellie Kemper! From the Office and Kimmy Schmidt
 Wow that's pretty amazing!
 Haha me either. Did you know there are only two African American singers in the country music hall of fame? 
 Yep, only 2 which is crazy. I'm thinking Darius Rucker will be in there.
 Haha yea I wonder as well
 Oh, hi there.  I don't know, I like Blake.
 I hear there is a show called Ikea Heights that is shot entirely in the Burbank Ikea store without the store knowing.  That's so out there.
 That's right, very few ever break out of that mold.  Kelly Ripa did, though.  I remember watching her when she was a teenager on a certain soap opera.  Do you know Patrick Stewart teaches master classes for drama students in the UK? How cool is that?  
 I would prefer to be Jon Hamm's student though.  He taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper.
 That is bizarre - why would it be banned?    Places like Iceland are even using facebook to rewrite their constitution
 Yes - Ringo Starr and George Carlin have both narrated Thomas the Tank cartoons - that is rather funny
 Yeah, it's hard to believe that FB launched 2-4-04. It sure does not seem like it's been that long!
 Oh, okay. I remember a bit. Did you know the like button on FB is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstien?
 I do too. Can you believe that Myspace turned down an offer to buy FB for $75 million in early 2005? 
 One of the worst moves in history, if you ask me. FB outlived Myspace by so long!
 They have! I too think it is amazing that they help. But like Blake has said before he can only do so much and the rest is up to the singer to go forward and move up. Look at Kelly Clarkson! Some move up and some don't. Probably a lot of Drama involved in the life of a singer.
 Its interesting country was influenced by Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes, I'd never figure
 Damn, that'a a lot.  But that is very little compared to the golf course in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons of water a day.  What a waste.
 I think Golf sucks.  I didn't know that Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer.  
 He most love golf. Changing topics, I'm a huge movie and tv fan.  I love the Simpsons.  Did you know there is only one episode where Bart is not seen or even mentioned?
 That was nice of them, lol.  My son loved Pokemon as a kid.  There are over 750 episodes.  That is about 50 shows a year for 16 straight years.  
 Despite being released over 40 years ago, the dark side of the moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014.
 That is a great album.  I new NWA's "Straight Out Of Compton" was platinum, but I didn't know it was the first to do so without airplay or a major tour.
 Awesome, I did not know that either. Reel big fish re-recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label.
 Thats cool Albums of recorded music were developed in the early 20th century
 The audio cassette was a format used alongside vinyl from the 1970s into the first decade of the 2000s.
 Have a good one. 
 Seems excessive to me too. What about the golf course that's in Dubai though? That one uses four million gallons of water a day, that's insane!
 Wow 4 million gallons that is insane I agree, too much water, must cost a fortune to keep it running
 I agree with you. And I think water is going to continue to get more expensive. Did you ever know that Babe Ruth actually played golf? And he was famous for it? I only heard about him playing baseball
 That is a terrible name. And they canceled it after only 10 episodes, I wonder if anyone in the UK was super into it but then it was canceled afterwards LOL that would be a bummer
 Well, great. And what do you say?
 ya they are good, but its also crazy two japanese 100 year old twins  made a rap album, i definitely want to hear that
 As the albun is called, I could get to hear it too, I love rap
 Hello,  Not really.  How about you ? Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team.
 I like to watch my team but not too much more.  And I didn't know that.  I guess in the 60's pro bowlers made more than football players. 
 Wow I did not know that. Very interesting. 
 The high school football stadium in allen, texas seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build
 awesome. Those humungous american flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make
 Wow, that is insane!  I guess the highest score in any football game ever was 222-0! What a crazy score. 
 i read some poetry.  Cs lewis and tolkien held "you laugh you lose" competitions when reading terrible poetry
 That is funny, I really like Tolkien's books.  I guess Edgar Allan Poe only got only $9 for his poem, The Raven. 
 Thats neat.  yeah,  Vikings are cool,  have you seen the show vikings?  Really enlightening,  their lifestyle is unique. 
 Wow,  yeah thats surprising. Blue jeans are illegal in north korea because they are a symbol of american imperialism. Wow thats weird.  lol ive been to south korea and they wear blue jeans. 
 You have been to South Korea? That is really cool. 
 yes,  it was amazing!  Have a good one! 
 Morning, I do. Lets talk about football. Back in the 1960's bowlers use to make more then football stars 
 I would think so. There was a game in 1916 that was the highest scoring ever, 222 points. 
 I am not sure. The creation of the yellow first down line won ESPN an emmy
 That was a well deserved Emmy.
 Green-ellis has never fumbled throughout his entire career. 
 Bengals.
 Lets talk about Poetry next. There is a poem that if it is read normally is depressing, but backwards and it is inspiring. 
 Sorry, I was trying to write a poem, but got hit enter too quick. Did you know that the Japanese Alphabet, when recited in order, forms a poem?
 interesting, The names for most of the Hobbit's were taken from an Icelandic poem. 
 yes, there is a 224 palindrome poem written by Demetri Martin
 I'd like to read that. I heard that Poe only received $9 for "The Raven." Isn't that insane? 
 crazy, Lets talk about Jeans next. Some jeans like skinny jeans can cause nerve damage 
 When people used to use pocket watches is why jeans have a small pocket inside the larger one
 I did not. If you buy Old Navy jeans at a waist 41 look for jeans at size 36 , that's how they market it. 
 Me too, never been in Washington DC. But it seems that there are copies in Ireland and France. 
 He is probably not even close. It is JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!
 Oh really? I know he tried to find out all he could about UFOs and Area 51. I would be doing the same thing lol.
 I wish somebody would! He seemed to be a little far behind in technology, and the economy. He predicted the national debt would be 0 dollars in 2012!
 I wonder what he could have said about that film, I would think he is more a super hero movie kind of guy. 
 Ok I'm gonna have to google that one
 Wow, that is interesting. I bet they were all pretty wealthy. There is so much chatter about e mails within the white house and government and I find it funny Bill Clinton only sent 2 emails his entire time in office! lol
 True, but many people have reported many strange sightings so who knows lol! 3 pop albums while being president? Wow, must have had a lot of time on his hands! Talking about goofy the guest house of the U.S. President is larger than the White House, how odd is that!
 I think staying in the guest house would be awesome! I don't think I have ever seen a picture of it. Yes, Bush did! Smart move I think. I liked Bill Clinton for having a centrist type or Third Way political policy thinking, we need change somewhere.
 I didn't know that either.  I also didn't know that he was a new democrat and his policies reflected a centrist third way political philosophy.  
 In 1975, that seems along time ago. it was for the soldiers because the couldn't wear their fatgues out of the car. Glad that's not the case today!!
 Seems cars took much longer to be accepted in Western Europe. They were still holding on to the horse and carriage.
 Wooden Trunks were carried on the back of cars. Easy way to remember!
 Yes, good show, $700,000 per episode for Hugh Laurie! Wow
 That's crazy I would have never guessed that.
 It is crazy, and you get guys like Roger Deakins who have been nominated 13 times, but never won!
 That's crazy. Gavin Free worked on the slow motion of Hot Fuzz, Sherlock Holmes, and some others.
 I think so too. Did you know Hugh Laurie makes $700,000 per episode in House?
 Haha, yup.  Speaking of women have you seen the NBC Good Girls?  It is about three moms robbing a grocery store with ski masks and toy guns!
 I have not. Sounds funny! There is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.
 Wow, that would be entertaining.  I love listening to the radio in the car.  Better to have a radio than flame throwers, which are somehow legal to have on your car in South Africa!
 Me too. That's a good deterrent to carjacking lol.
 Haha yup.  The technology in cars has become so advanced.  The trunk is called that because back in the day, cars used to have big wooden trunks in the  back!
 It's a good thing for us since he is such a great actor.  Speaking of great actors, did you know Jon Hamm actually taught drama at his old school?
 Wow, what a small world.  I actually enjoy TV dramas quite a bit.  I think my favorite was House with Hugh Laurie.  That guy got paid $700,000 per episode.  Can you imagine?
 hey did you know that Martha Stewart was originally a model in the 60's?
 haha I didn't know that, I wonder if he released any pop albums like the president of indonesia did, he released 3!
 yes it is more entertaining to think like that I think! what is crazy is that trump wouldn't qualify for the top 3 most wealthy presidents! He wouldn't be in the top three!
 hmm I wonder what those buildings are used for, obviously they are not their countries' capital buildings haha, did you know the president of indonesia released pop albums? Three of them while he was in office
 wow that is scary, also crazy that the Guest House is smaller than the actual white house, like how is that possible?
 yup I just don't get it, but I guess, did you know that Trump wouldn't make the list of top 3 richest presidents? this must be controlling for inflation
 did you know that The white house has twin buildings in ireland and france ?
 I wonder who shot at the white house ?
 I love models. Did you know that mona lisa's model might well have been da vinci's assistant, salai - a young, effeminate male
 I did not know she was that old. grant imahara is a model too
 He is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama
 I am not sure about this fact.  Do you know that all Canadian stations have to play at least 40% of their music played by a Canadian
 No I did not realize that. That doesn't seem to be a very successful business model for the station
 I concur.  That does not make sense at all.  Btw, do you know that soldier in WWII made a simple radios using razorbalde and pencils
 Do you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up and heard by us
 Thank.  Do you know that our radio can pick up radio storms from Jupiter
 I know.  Also, soldiers in wwii used razorblade and pencil to make a simple radio
 I concur.  Also, it is a law in Canada that all of its radio stations must play at least 40% of the music played Canadian
 THats a stupid law. Play what ever is good should be the law.
 I concur.  Also, do you realize there is a website that we can listen unlimited for free
 Huh. I was not aware of that or him.
 That's hilarious he was scared of Bambi. I saw the movie Inception was originally supposed to be a horror film. 
 That's a good way to workout I guess lol. Not one person filming the Exorcist thought it would be considered a horror movie.
 Wow that's intense then. Did you know ET was originally supposed to be a horror movie?
 I didn't watch Pokemon, but I saw they had like 750 episodes.
 Wow that's pretty good in that many years of the Simpsons. Did you know most deals made on Shark Tank are never enacted?
 Me too. There's a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court lol.
 I see, thats interesting, a movie I did like was the Shining, have you seen that one?
 That's a cool way to how it got started. I saw MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million back in 2005.
 That's a huge mistake and very big loss of profits for them.
 I bet it is. That's pretty funny. I bet so many couples fight over Facebook.
 Yes very true! The like button is illegal in one of the states in Germany.
 I bet. Facebook is blue because Zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness.
 I did not know that, how different from the two options we've always been restricted to.
 I agree. It's definitely an ever changing environment. 
 I try not to use it but I still have it lol. I know. What a difference if Tom from MySpace was running things instead of Zuckerberg.
 Yeah Zuckerberg is peculiar. Also he's color-blind which I never knew, that's why Facebook is mostly blue in terms of its color scheme
 Now that's weird, I think it's strange that the public can make suggestions and alterations, what if someone puts something crazy like free chocolate for everyone haha, did you know that the Facebook like button is actually illegal in one of the German states?
 ya the like button is illegal in the German state schleswig-holstein, I think it's legal in the rest of Germany though
 Hmm interesting. Burger King will give you a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I might have to start doing that lol
 Yeah I remember that promotion. I'm really hungry right now so I wish it were still going on haha. I can't believe that Facebook is now worth over 100 billion dollars, that's crazy
 I think so. They use them in World War II. They use the razor blade in a pencil, but don't ask me how that makes a radio LOL
 Haha might try that on my way to work, you can take those Jupiter radio storms up on the a.m. Radio, which I definitely don't listen to lol
 I recently read that that was why he chose primarily blue. I personally just like the color blue and didn't put much thought into it.
 Oh a lot of albums them I might search for a couple on Spotify, and do you have a Facebook account?
 Oh I thought it was because blue looks cool or because it attracts people, thats inresting to know though, cool fact!!
 I remember that promotion, I actually took advantage of it and received a free whooper, and I get you, Iceland really took it to another level though.
 He's crazy. I wouldn't be surprised if he would tune into the radio signals coming from Jupiter and incorporate it into the set.
 I do not think that the book was intended for children. Did you know that the little boy from the Shining did not know he was acting in a horror film until years later?
 Yeah, I think the dunk is pretty cool. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for more than a decade.
 The original NES could only display 54 colors! I thought it was so cool
 Yeah, probably. Beats breeding chicken for entertainment like Caesar did.
 Speaking of resemblance, Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he did not have the "presidential look."
 I know! Seems a little racist!
 I wonder how the CEO of Amazon built a clock into a mountain that could run for 10,000 years.  I wonder why he did that too.
 I did not know that.  I believe it's the largest retailer in the world and that the first costumer spend about $28 and has a building named after him.
 If you need a package on Sunday, no problem!  Amazon has a contract with the USPS to get it to you.
 The food was great!  Looked just like the commercial foods on tv.  Speaking of TV, I can't wait to watch some reruns of the Simpsons tonight.  I love Bart especially and am glad that he was in all the episodes but one as he is so humorous.
 I was when I was younger.  I did not know there were 750 episodes!
 I love being able to turn on my computer and search google for answers to just about anything.  I get more computing power than Neil Armstrong and the eleven astronauts that went to the moon used just in one search.
 Ya, Google is amazing too.  I really love using google maps too.  It calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road.  Isn't that incredible?
 I have never heard of that!  When google goes down, it takes about 40% of web traffic with it.
 That's a lot of power for just two people!
 thats cool, and ya now they have a publishing wing, and also have film and tv studios, just so much!
 ya that is scary, I use that site everyday and they also hold a patent on one click buying somehow
 Interesting! It is also cool they remember what the first order was. On for a little less than $28. they actually named a building with the first customer's name!
 wow I didn't know that, ya amazon I'm sure does a lot too, it is still the largest measured by revenue and market capitalizaion
 wow thats a lot, its cool how amazon made up their own font so it'd be easier to read on their tablets haha
 right, I agree with that, do you know the arrow in amazons logo is meant to show they carry everything from a to z?
 I did I've used that many times! have you used amazon's other website? it sells like-new items for a discount
 I do from time to time, but I never realized that most deals made on the TV show are never enacted.
 Whoa! That is a lot of computing power! I and not believe Google has been around since 1998.
 I didn't know that. Was it because too many young people were fighting over them in schools? That would be my guess as to why.
 I do not have a favorite one. Do you know that jazz players grew goatees so that it is more comfortable for them?
 That is so interesting. Do you know which country's orchestra is topping the jazz charts?
 Yes exactly. And the NBA players are the highest paid players of any sport in the world.
 Yeah maybe they just spend a lot. There are some who have signed contracts with brands so they are pretty much set for life.
 That is totally crazy. Same with Jordan, he has made tons of money with Nike as well.
 Some really strange rules. Nice must have made so much money though because they kept paying the fines and he kept wearing them.
 It amazes me how far we have come in such a short time. I remember 30 years ago the biggest thing was a cordless telephone now look at the phones we carry with us everywhere!
 Apparently, the cables that carry phone and internet data across the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter!  They just casually lay on the ocean floor.
 I've heard even on the top of MT Everest there is 3g cell service.  That is crazy!
 I guess that is one place you could send a pretty awesome selfie. 
 Even the Russians made a computer that runs on water back in 1936.  People can do some amazing things.
 I love alternative energy things like that. I suppose water probably wasn't the best choice though because of the whole electric circuit thing. 
 Speaking of hazards I guess if you smoke by an apple computer they will void your warranty because it turns the computer into a biohazard. 
 I had heard about that.  I wonder how many big stars have stopped by just to jam on a Sunday?
 Well twenty years is a long time to keep doing anything.  She must really be a big jazz fan.  I hear Clint Eastwood is a real big fan of jazz.
 I had no idea, he's just an all around Renaissance man.  Can do it all.  I hear Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts.
 I'd say that's a very talented family. I heard when he was in high school, he scored a career high 4o points and tried to brag only to find out his sister scored 105 points and had broken 8 national records.  Ha Ha
 What do you think about New York's area code being 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?  Everything is fast-paced there so it probably fit right in.
 Funny how u say the truth! I see the kids always playing minecraft, but did you hear that someone built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but basic minecraft building blocks?
 If you miss what the internet says and it burns down, it's okay because the library at Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet.
 And in 1936 at that. It's amazing how inventive humans were before we relied so heavily on tech. Speaking of which, I wonder if my mother ever considered her first microwave to be a computer...? I know I've never thought of it as such. 
 Really, that is interesting!! Her full name is Ariana Grande Bulera of Italian heritage. Interesting....
 I didn't know that! At 10 she had a youth singing group named, "Kid who care", for charitable events!
 I'm assuming the way it fits around the neck and shoulders. I wonder why Alabama is the only state listed to have stores for unclaimed baggage?
 True? When I think of pilgrims clothes, I think of black and white instead of full of color!
 Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!! Who knew?
 I always thought that she is hispanic, but it turns out she has italian heritage and her full name in Ariana Grande Butera ;)
 oohhh, sorry, I didn't realized :) 3 men You said ? I don't know why but I liked to thing that Ariana writes her own lyrics :) I guess she is too young for that... ?
 Things are getting better, if slowly.  Can you imagine, having to stage a protest in order to wear pants?  Good for them
 Yes I agree with you there. It gives me hope in the human race haha. I wish that I had a library like in Sacramento, where you can rent things like sewing machines and other useful short-term stuff
 Yep I would love to have that haha. You should publish a book in Norway actually, they will buy at least 1,000 copies of any book that is published to put into their libraries
 Yep that's a good point. I think more people should be like William Gladstone. He was 85 and wheelbarrow hold his entire collection of books, 32000, to his local library to donate them
 Milky Way is delicious! I'm really a Snickers guy myself though haha. Pretty funny that Richard Nixon broke a 165 year-old gavel. It would be something that he would do LOL
 LOL I heard about that actually. They were only allowed to start wearing them in 1993. It's not like that was a long time ago either LOL
 Well there was a lot of back-and-forth, and apparently a lot of people did some slut-shaming to the women that came forward, so I just don't know
 I know that seems really dumb, they only were able to start wearing them back in 1993 after some members staged a protest
 Haha yes he was caught by three officers, that's hilarious, I wonder if he grab some candy from the candy desk in the Senate before he ran out LOL
 Yes apparently over half of adults have library cards, I'm one of them, what do you think about UK Prime Minister William Gladstone? He actually delivered a bunch of books to his local library in a wheelbarrow
 Yes absolutely! I wish that my local library were like the library of Sacramento, you can actually rent one time use items like sewing machines which would be very helpful for me
 Yes he would have. I do not think the secret service was around so he would have to spot shoots at the white house himself.
 Pandora has a negative worth. I would expect them to be positive with a revenue of 274 million.
 Taylor Swift pulled her music from spotify because music shouldn't be free but has it on pandora? Hmmm...
 Given that pandora captures the essence of music, I would think taylor would want her music played there.
 W Bush ended up reinstalling Solar Panels on the whites house, surprised Al Gore didn't make Clinton do it
 Yea hopefully those Secret Service agents were fired after the bullets were found
 Yea, I never knew Pandora was only in the US though
 People on the internet has been mocking it ever since pictures leaked. He seems to be taking it lightly. Even his ex wife has made fun of it.
 LOL. I like tattoos and have some myself. Do you know anything about the internet?
 Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu apps and websites is called a hamburger button?
 I didn't know that. It makes sense, but it makes me hungry now. 
 LOL. The library in Alexandria saved a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 Oh wow, that's pretty cool Hopefully it will never burn down. I'm addicted to the constant novelty from clicking links on the internet.
 Yes that would be bad. There is a 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.
 Wow, that's crazy. I wonder if you could call an Uber to get a ride down from there. lol. Do you like Dramas?
 HAHA  - I'm not too much into dramas. What about you?
 Wow that's nuts! It says he's the highest paid actor ever for a TV drama.
 I know that's pretty wild! I'm kind of glad that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore. He says that his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity. 
 He has a very odd belief system from what I've read about him before. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Jon Hamm taught drama class at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper.
 That's pretty neat. Don Draper and Erin in drama class together. I bet nobody in that class ever thought they would see that happening.
 Haha yea I bet they never thought they would see that happening at all. 
 Yea, it's interesting they air control asked it was a Google Ballon. I didn't know google did that type of stuff, I just thought they stuck to online advertising and search engines
 Yeah it seems like Google does a lot more than just work on their search engines. They also calculate traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road.
 That's a good point. A lot of people rely on Google. In to 2013 google went down for about five minutes and took 40% of web traffic with it.
 That's a shame. It's crazy that google tailors it's maps to the claims of each country when there is a disputed border
 Idk, it's pretty crazy though, like the man who was able to sell the Eiffel tower twice
 That's cool! Did you hear about them using hundreds of goats to mow down their grass instead of hiring people?
 That's crazy how far technology has come along.
 yep, take care and keep your eyes on the skies!
 i think we would be ignorant if we think we are alone in the universe.
 that's kinda crazy.  there is a Pentagon Operation known as Advanced Aviation Threat Identification Program to investigate UFO sightings.  i guess that is more info than we would normally get from the govt.
 the object seemed consistent between 2 pilots too.  An American Airlines pilot and a private Learjet pilot both saw the same thing at over 40,000 feet
 crazy.  i think it is funny they ask if a UFO could be a Google baloon that beams inernet to the ground.  Hard to believe Google has only been around since 1998.
 yeah Netflix is another one.  I like these digital streaming companies now like Roku.  still only at $40 and streaming is still young.
 Did you know, Homer held 188 jobs in the 400 episodes?
 I do, apparently most deals made on shark tank are never enacted.
 Same, did you know Air travel is up to 10% slower than in the 1960s?
 Agreed that you would think that! Apparently it is to save on fuel costs.
 Wow. That sure is fast. I would much rather travel on that bus than on Japans highways. Tolls are so expensive it costs more $300 just to travel across the country.
 I am so surprised. I would have thought it was the King of England with their elite navy. Well if any King decides to visit Iceland they should have a car. Iceland has no public rail service so it is either drive or fly to other major towns.
 That must have been so satisfying. It was Canada that scored 132 goals and only let in 3 at the first Olympic Winter Games in 1924.
 I really enjoy watching the Simpsons. Although, I have never seen the episode where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned.
 It is interesting that Americans and Brits both love Thomas the Tank Engine. They did not feel the same way with That 70s Show.
 I suppose it was too American. Pokemon, however, that seems to be for everyone. They have over 750 episodes.
 It is! how big is house then lol, it must be doble the size of the White House then.
 I learned something interesting... not all men had the right to vote in the UK until 1918!! That's pretty interesting!!
 I didnt know that, Im guessing only the rich and powerful could vote back then.
 Astronauts vote from space!!! How's that for absentee ballots?? LOL!!
 Lol Im guessing they have more important things to worry about than voting, it was nice chatting to you.
 Not as much as my wife!  I am always fascinated by the new designs though.  It is amazing to think about the fact that 5000 year old shoes preform better than modern shoes.
 Yea, that is pretty cool of him. Speaking of wealth, I am surprised Trump isn't in the top 3 of wealthiest presidents.
 Yup, not like Indonesia where the president there has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 Hilarious.  I do not know if it as wild as Zimbabwe's first president being named President Banana!
 Haha, good question.  He had to have chosen it.  I would vote for Banana!  Speaking of which, astronauts cast their votes from space!
 That is hard to believe.  Almost as hard to believe as Austin, TX passing a vote to name a garbage dump after Fred Durst!
 I did not. I also learned today that you can put tea bags in shoes to absorb unpleasant odors. Fascinating,
 I do know that high heels were originally invented for men. Interesting, how times change.
 I didn't know that! Do you know why they were invented for men?
 I bet they cost a lot back then, just like today they can cost hundreds or even thousands for a pair!
 Sad to think that might be true.  Especially with great performers like Kacey Musgraves around.
 There are many different styles of rap these days.  There is even a deaf rapper who rhymes in sign language.
 Rap is supposed to be authentic, but some of it is overrun with commercialism.  McDonalds once paid rappers every time they mentioned Big Mac.  If I had known that, I would have made some good money.
 Hi, do you watch a lot of TV?  Pokemon has you covered if you do, there are over 750 episodes!
 Yes I do watch television. I didn't know this about Pokemon. Wow!!!
 Oh Wow!!! It was a huge success here in the United States but I'm not sure what went wrong in the UK.
 Not that I recall.  Can you believe that 80% of the Earth's natural forests have been destroyed.  That sounds like a phony environmentalist claim to me. 
 Wow, that would greatly effect people's pay checks!  Reportedly, we are going to run out of helium by the end of this century.  No balloons!
 Yeah, for some reason, i pictured snow.  Funny, the planet Venus has not tilt therefore, no seasons.  It's an endless hellishly hot spring.
 Yes and Uranus is the only planet that "rolls" on its side as it orbits the Sun.
 I think so.  Do you know that more than 80 % of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 Also, do you know that when the earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long
 Never heard of that.  It is such a vast space
 Yeah, people have been doing that.  Also, do you know that the earth will be free of helium by the end of the 21st century
 Its scary to think about combining heat and drought to cause wildfires.
 yes, I think all except one show he didn't appeared in.
 yes he must be doing a good job, did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon?
 Oh wow, that one takes me back. I still listen to it, actually.
 Wonder if as soldiers they had flame throwers on/in their cars? That's illegal in South Africa among civilians, so it's apparently a thing there
 It's sad that only super rich receive the greatest protection from the state.
 who would have thought that. I heard that Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provides comfort when playing
 i would love to attend one . Do you know that President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office 
 May be he would that do to replace JFK and Washington as the most wealthiest president in History
 yeah heard that they turned bacteria into pendrive and saved data 
 Yeah they saved the data in a GIF of a galloping horse, impressive
 yes for sure. Only one scientist has stepped on Moon so far .  I thought that always they send scientist to space to conduct experiments
 yes some things are weird just like how our presidents guest house is larger than white house 
 I do. It has been around since the late 19th century in America.
 Even Clint Eastwood liked  jazz, and even played the piano.
 Really? Cool! Jazz great Dizzy Gillespie ran for President in 1964.
 He did?  I didnt know that!  That is so awesome.  
 Yes ,and his cabinet were all other jazz players, too!
 Me too! Also In 1964, Louis Armstrong knocked the Beatles off the top of the Billboard Hot 100.
 Wow.  These are the facts I wish I had learned in my Jazz History class!  
 True! Ella Fitzgerald can sing two notes at once!
 I don't know enough about trumpets or facial hair to comment. Haha.
 I'm doing good too - thanks for asking. Did you know Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the 21st century?
 Linkin Park is my favorite band. That's pretty amazing it's still one of the best selling albums after 40 years. I love Pink Floyd.
 Me too. the classics are the best.  NWA's Straight out of Compton was one of my faves and it was the first album to reach Platinum status without a major tour or any support of airplay.
 Wow that's an awesome accomplishment. Two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned 100 years old.
 I kinda like all genres of music.  I do know that rapper Tupac Shakur's music is in the library of Congress of "cultural significance."
 I didn't know that either. I love Tupac music. I still listen to some of his stuff today.
 He was one of the best, that's for sure.  On a side note, Eminem's true dream was to become a comic book artist.
 That's interesting I had no idea he wanted to become a comic book artist. He's a very talented rapper.
 He has multi talents.  Busta Rhymes does too.  He voiced the reptar wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie.  
 Oh wow I didn't know that either about Busta Rhymes. In 2001, a Michigan judge delivered her ruling in rap form when trying a suit filed against Eminem.
 I do.  I hear it's legal in South Africa to mount flamethrowers on your car to prevent carjacking's.
 I see. Do they sell that at Walmart? Apparently Walmart only has clean versions of albums
 I've heard about him a little bit. Are there any cool facts that you can tell me? Apparently McDonald's will pay a rapper $5 when they reference the Big Mac LOL
 I'm not a big fan because it's often hard to understand, but it does take skill to do it well. There's a rapper who raps in sign language because he's deaf. That's something I would like to see
 Me too that sounds really interesting. THe music that Tupac made is actually in the library of congress because of cultural significance
 I can see that. I wonder if he's referenced McDonald's in any of his songs. He would have been paid $5 for every reference to a Big Mac
 Interesting one. Have you heard of compliment battle?
 I think that is what it is. Must be fun, like the judge in Michigan who read the ruling rap style
 Those must cost a lot nowadays. A man became a professional race car driver by beating 90 000 peopme in gran turismo
 Wow, interesting. Apparently the drive thru came about because soldiers were not allowed to get our of their cars when wearing their uniforms in the 70s
 Wow. That's an interesting rule, but I can understand the safety issue. In Ohio, it's illegal to warm up your car
 That was amazing.  I wonder how they promoted the song (straight outta compton) without the support of airplay or a major tour.
 I would like to hear the judge's rap. Eminem wanted to become a comic book writer?  I did not know, until you told me. 
 lol, I have heard that, sounds like crazy drivers if you're using your horn that much!
 Their driving is just a free for all, I don't know how their system works. Have you heard the story of the guy in NY who bought a house and in a barn it was full of classic cars? That must of been amazing.
 Wow, really, how exciting!! A good way to put it a free for all!
 Wow, good for them. That must be interesting. Did you know that McDonald's has paid rappers for everytime they mention big macs in their songs?
 No, really?? I have never heard of that! But, I'm not surprised!! Have you heard of a song with McDonald's in it?
 Yeah, I will now take notice!! Good one! Good Chat!!
 Did you know the emperor of Japan is also a scientist and still publishes papers?
 Scientists are fascinating. Harvard scientists have even managed to store a gif animation of a horse galloping IN  the DNA of bacteria
 What about this authur Karen Dawisha. She has a lot of guts to write about Russia and Putin. She seems like a very strong women, and very confident and intelligant
 She definitely had a backbone and we need people like her. I can't believe Cambridge University Press refused to publish it.
 Speaking of democracies... so a president is considered the head of the government in republics. It is interesting he is not called a president. Probably because he isn't one
 I don't think it would go over very well anymore. I also didn't know jfk was one of the wealthiest presidents in history.
 Same it's so odd.
 That's amazing!  I wonder if they ever had years like Linkin Park did in 2001 and played 324 concerts in that year alone?
 Is that the one that was making $700K per episode?  Must be nice, but I'm sure he is worth it.
 Greed is part of human nature. In the book, there is much intra-family squabbling. I would even say that non-rich people do a bit less of this.
 No! But it's interesting that the idea of a cyborg predates by centuries the first real AI.
 I agree. We've come a long way but still have a long way to go. On a completely different subject, were you aware that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a tv Drama? He made $700,000 per episode for House. 
 I have watched that show, and it does seem to revolve around Laurie...but it's very hard to believe that he earned in a week what many people may not earn over several decades!
 I did not. I am surprised that Trump is not in there. 
 Seems like they should pay more attention to governance and less to pop! At least he was not name president banana!
 Did you know there was a subway exclusively for congress to move between their offices and the capitol?
 Its interesting that the US is treating Taiwan like their own country and having meeting with their diplomats. And China is treating Taiwan like they are apart of China and controlling all the decisions made on its behalf. 
 Yes, it does not resemble the United States and is curious to observe. I was recently in Washington DC and was able to see the White house which is surprisingly smaller than the guest house. 
 Its hard to oppose if you had a chance to decide who the president was. Although you don't have to agree with everything.
 Are you a House fan? Hugh Laurie earned 700 thousand per episode. That's insane.
 I'm not but my parents are so I am a little familiar. That's a huge paycheck. I did not realize it had that big of an audience. 
 WOW! That's a level of racism I was not familiar with. I'm glad you said tried meaning it was not successful. 
 I had no idea he was remarried. He's been married a lot. Also his new Showtime show looks pretty dark and dramatic to me. 
 That would be interesting to find out. I never knew that McDonalds invented the drive-thru due to the soldiers not being permitted to get out of their cars while in fatigues.
 I like Mad Men, I never knew Jon Hamm taught high school drama, he had some lucky students
 It's crazy that the wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson.
 JFK I could see but Washington and Jefferson surprise me.  I thought Washington was just a general before becoming president.
 Generals maybe made a lot back then. I also think it's crazy that the president's guest house is bigger than the white house.
 That is very possible. Did you know that until 1805 the runner up for president became the vice president.
 I didn't know that, but that makes sense. The crazy thing about that baseball game is it's been occurring since 1909. That's a long time to continue having a baseball game.
 Sports in general seem to build camaraderie so that makes sense, but the republicans are leading by 3 wins. I'm sure that annoys the democrats.
 I did not know that and that seems kinda pointless. I think it's interesting that since 1900 taller candidates win the presidential election 75% of the time.
 True! I love how Jim Carey does not make dramas anymore because of his belief system.
 Fredie lives in South Africa, outside Cape Town.  He smokes home made cigarettes made from news paper.  So there is chemicals in the ink?
 Back in the early earth the day was much shorter, right?
 True.     Did you know that if the earth's history were compressed to a single day, humans would only be around for about a minute!
 Dang, maybe I should invest. I always wish I were smart enough to invest in something on the ground floor, like Starbucks back in the 70's and 80's.
 I agree. Did you know the model S runs on Linux?
 That's a really good idea. The model S is road tested on an indoor track since their cars don't produce any emissions.
 Elon Musk took a $78 million dollar paycut to his Tesla salary in 2014. 
 Well, that was nice of him to do.  He's already pretty rich, I'm sure he didn't miss it too much! lol
 Yea he's loaded. Toyota owns 10% of Tesla.
 You know I had read that and also that Tesla had helped Toyota develop their 2nd generation RAVev, also.
 That's pretty cool to know. Switching gears, did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 That's funny, I would have though, a Bush, Clinton, or Trump would have made that list.
 I bet Trump will make that list.
 Did you know the white guest house is bigger than the white house?
 I have heard that before, I'm not sure I believe it though.  They must not be figuring in all the Lower levels of the White House.  That place is massive.
 I bet it's huge. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house because he was such a conservationist. 
 I think it was a 1975. I'm so curious why those soldiers couldn't get out of their car though. I guess that rules out dated at this point, because I know that they can get out of their cars now
 Oh that's really nice of you. Do you know why the trunk of a car is called a trunk? Apparently in old cars they would put wooden trunks in the back, and that name just kind of stuck
 Oh wow that's cool. Have you ridden in one before? I wonder if automated cars will ever do what they do in South Africa, AKA put flamethrowers on top of them LOL
 Wow that sounds really crazy. And no I didn't know that, I wish we could Listen to Egyptian rap LOL. Do you ever listen to Tupac Shakur? Apparently some of his music is in the Library of Congress
 Yeah I enjoyed him. I also enjoyed Busta Rhymes. I didn't know that you did a voice in The Rugrats Movie LOL I need to check that out again, it's been a long time since I've seen that movie
 LOL I like that idea! They could make a rap album and sell the money, and use it for charity maybe LOL. Do you like Eminem by the way? Apparently his favorite comic book back in the day was Spider-Man
 I also heard that when he got a verdict read to him, the judge did it in the form of a rap, I think that judge had too much time on her hands haha
 No, but I want to. THe Model S is quite the looker. They test it on an indoor track since there are no emissions.
 WOuld love to be a guest there. Believe it or not but Trump is not the wealthiest president.
 Hard to hack since no one else has them.
 I read about that! And I always thought he was just that talented and couldn't figure out how he could lean so far hahaa! 
 That's so cool, I've heard about this man before.  He took the time to actually capture and record these performances. A variable treasure cove he amassed.
 There are many TV shows I don't get.  There is only 1 episode of the Simpsons that doesn't show of mention Bart, my least favorite character.
 I like the Simpsons, but I can't remember ever seeing that episode.
 Do you travel abroad much?  I hear the Dutch are developing a commuter bus that can do 160mph!
 Not anymore.  I used to travel a lot overseas for my job, but I've been retired the last 10 years.  I don't know if I would have road on a bus that went that fast, though?  lol
 No, I had no idea, but he was good on his feet so I can see how he was a great dancer
 id say just as much of a pain as texting useing an older cell phone with T9. hitting a single key up to 3 times for a letter. my grandma has a rotary still
 Lol. Unicef will donate clean water for every minute you don't use your cell phone
 that is a cool fact. i need to travel sometime soon, was thinking of japan. i saw that all the highways there are tolls and would cost over 300.00 to drive across
 the country there is too beautiful not to be able to take a long train ride and enjoy 
 Me too! Did you know that the dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph. 
 wow that is very fast and I think somewhat risky. 
 Do you know that Iceland do not have public rail services most of the Icelanders flight between major towns
 Wow! I never knew that. I wonder what year that was. 
 Did you know that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together.
 wow I did not thought about that. Since we are chatting about fact do you know that an iphone have more computing power than an entire nuclear icbm deterrent
 I also make the same question to many facts! But is unbelievable how the internet and phone connections cables runs thru the ocean by just laying on top of the ocean floor just like that being that so important in our lives now a day
 at least he did it without any devices like Michael Jackson that had a patent on a device to makes his extremes leans dances
 Do you like Bluegrass music?  There is an album that was recorded 60 years ago and is just now reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Bluegrass music charts.
 That long huh?  Wow.  I learned that they tried a UK version of the 70's Show and it flopped.  It only lasted 10 episodes. 
 I would like to travel to the UK and Iceland.  Iceland has not doesn't have a public rail service and most don't have cars.  It would seem weird. 
 Could be... At least they probably don't have the tolls like Japan where it costs over $300 to travel across the country. 
 No I don't think he was, but some other guys that were were Alec Baldwin, George Carlin, and Ringo Starr. I love George Carlin so I might watch some old episodes for him
 I do, I'm into jazz. Have you ever heard of Walter White the Jazz Musician? 
 I like him. Did you know that the rapper Tupac actually studied Jazz?
 It's such a great style of music. Did you know that the Beatles three-month stay on top of the Hot 100 in 1964 was ended by Jazz legend Louis Armstrong?
 Really? I didn't
 Yeah, it's pretty remarkable. 
 It definitely is one of America's original art forms.
 Did you know that Dizzy Gillespie ran in the 1964 presidential race?
 He was a legend of the 60s jazz. He had his presidential cabinet made up of all the biggest names in Jazz.
 Wow I never knew. Thanks for letting me know
 She's another Jazz great. By the age of 18 she had taught herself to sing 2 notes at once like Mongolian folk singers.
 I don't think you'll regret it. I hope you have a great day.
 No, I did not. Very interesting and sad indeed.
 Yes, the same. I saw that about google. I like them both. I didn't know about dog blood drives.  I love that too!
 Agreed. And isn't it crazy that dogs have 12 different blood types as well? That can't be easy for the people performing the blood drives. Ha!
 I know, I wonder how stressful it is for the dogs, or how they do it. Good to know dogs aren't completely colorblind and see some color.
 Oh really! I like some jazz. 
 I agree! Facebook is huge now that every person who needs the public to hear them post on there. And you can get all of your news there too. Amazing how much it has grown!
 Oh wow, really? I didn't know that. It has gotten pretty big, I know it is worth over 104 billion dollars a few years back....hard to say what it is worth now. 
 I think it will be difficult to hold the higher levels. It is funny that Burger King had a promotion that if you unfriended 10 people you got a free whopper.
 I heard that about BK, that was funny! I have always wondered id MySpace ever regretted turning down an offer to buy Facebook now that they so huge now....crazy how things work out.
 Funny. . ..We may getter greater voter turnout that way. We have not gotten over 63% in over a hundred years.
 Whaaat? That's just insane. The things people take note of...I wonder why that has been that way. I think the radio should make a comeback, maybe they could get some more information out to everyone instead of Fb and playlists etc. Elections need a major overhaul!
 So true.  And radio is such a great way to communicate. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that the can be picked up on AM stations.
 You can? Wow, Another thing to Google. I guess in Canada it is mandatory or law I should say that all radio music needs to be 40% or higher of songs made by canadians. 
 Yeah I remember that too. MySpace actually turn down an offer to buy Facebook back in 2005.
 Yeah I don't use it that much either. Apparently the Facebook like button is illegal in a certain German state.
 Yeah I'm not sure. Facebook's founder Mark Zuckerberg suffers from red green colorblindness and that is why Facebook is mainly blue.
 Oh really? That would make it a bit more interesting I don't know if I would've participated then. Iceland actually uses their Facebook to allow people to make suggestions and alterations to the constitution.
 I totally agree with you. It is a shame that they could potentially have an influence in elections. During the 2012 US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in nine states.
 I know in my state you can opt not to vote for any candidates in a race but it does not really register as you saying I don't like any of them. It looks more like you just skipped a section.
 Oh interesting. The voter turnout for US presidential elections hasn't reached 63% in the last 100 years. I wish it would.
 Yeah unfortunately I think you would be right. Since 1900 the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75% of the time. Well it was nice chatting with you have a good day.
 Hey there what do you think about the White House? Do you know that the White House is twin buildings in other countries as well?
 Haha well I guess it's good they're finally back on. What isn't good is that the White House still uses floppy disks LOL I remember using those that the kid they are so crappy
 LOL that's a good point, if they're still using floppy disks then I guess anything is possible haha. Also weird that Teddy Roosevelt banned the Christmas tree from the White House, I know he's a conservationist but that seems weird
 Haha you're right about that. I know that he'd like to hunt animals. What scares me is that it took the Secret Service for days to realize that the White House was shot at, they finally found the bullets for days later, that was back in November 11th of 2001
 No I didn't know that. That's kind of sad actually. I also didn't know that the guest house is bigger than the White House itself LOL that seems really screwy and the opposite of what it should be
 That makes sense. It's weird, apparently when she was campaigning in southern states, she would adopt a Southern drawl, I guess her husband was the governor of Arkansas for a while so maybe she picked some of that up
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Also, she won a Grammy for Best Spoken Word album, it was for her book "it takes a village" that's interesting
 Yeah that would be interesting. I'm definitely interested in who the Democrats are going to run in 2020 she's getting up there though, she was born in 1947, but I think Bernie is older than her so maybe it'll be ok
 Its surprising that the Trumps have not held a state dinner before now.
 I concur.  Did you know that the very first phone number of the white house was 1
 Yeah, your reasoning makes sense.  Did you know that Hillary Clinton used to be a republican
 I did not. I can understand. I've certainly changed my politcial opinions over the years.
 I've heard that! Apparently he or she released multiple albums while still in office. I imagine they got a lot done in a day.
 Exactly. And they didn't have second careers as pop stars to fall back on. Nor did they have catchy nicknames, like the president of Zimbabwe, President Banana.
 I'd love to see that guest house! Maybe after a state dinner at the White House in the East Room, or the State Dining Room, or on the South Lawn, one might retire to the guest house.
 I remember being shocked that Regan removed the ones that Carter had had installed. There's no reason to move backward, though, I mean, they still use floppy disks to store files, so maybe technology isn't a serious focus sometimes.
 I suppose Roosevelt didn't have an artificial tree! I had no idea that he was such a serious conservationist. Good on him.
 I didn't. I always thought they were the person who came in second in an election.
 It would probably lessen partisanship. It might make people more willing to see the other side. I think they should go back to the early rules!
 I don't really watch much TV, to be honest. We "cut the cord" a few years ago. That is interesting about the Simpsons! I haven't seen that show in years, but I don't remember one with no Bart. I'll have to try to find that one on YouTube!
 Speaking of interesting TV and film trivia, do you remember that in 1997 the show "3rd Rock from the Sun" won the golden globe for best comedy? It beat out "Frasier", "Friends", and "Seinfeld"! I did not remember that!
 LOL. There is so much TV and movie trivia out there! It is amazing to think that in just a couple of generations, really, TV and film has become such an integral part of our popular culture.
 I don't really pay attention to politics. But it's not the first time a president has been elected while losing the popular vote. Five presidents have been elected in this way, with the greatest margin being ten percent.
 Yeah, I wonder. How long has the white house been around? Was it there in Lincoln's time? He was the first president to have his photo taken at inauguration and John Wilkes Booth was in that photo.
 I find it interesting that Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have had his PhD.
 The Republicans are leading by three wins by the way.
 Well that is interesting. I will have to look that up right now! Nice chatting with you!
 Yeah I need to watch it again. It is weird that Queen's guitarist has a PhD actually
 He is a great guitarist! he can play a guitar with a coin! Now that is Talent
 I do like the piano. It's the instrument that I play. I've been playing for about three years now. it's cool that Freddie Mercury use the same piano that recorded Hey Jude
 I guess its the same thing, the only changes the material and the weight, you know that a group of climbers found a piano on the top of a mountain!!! how did the piano get there!!!!! 
 Wow that's cool! That was back in 2006. I wish I could go back in time to April 18th 1930. There is no news worth reporting so the BBC just played piano music haha you would never have that today
 I wouldnt want to be in the radar of the police, its kind of disturbing how 4 accounts like his comment, the must hate Carlos Curbelo
 If a former reality star can make it into the white house, then anybody that captures 15-minutes of fame at the right moment has a chance.
 Times are a changing.  I heard that Mark Cuban is seriously considering running for president.  One businessman turned reality TV star running against another,  Weird
 I did not. I find that strange and maybe a little misleading since he vetoed just 2 bills.
 I am not sure but I do know running as a third party is really tough. Many of them are sacrificial lambs hoping to reach the minimum 20% to be a valid party for the next election. Politics is weird.... like every us president with a beard has been a republican.
 That's a good question. You know what really surprises me though is we don't know how old Kim truly is. I don't understand why that information is a mystery!
 Well that's good and hopefully so! I wonder if Kim likes sports? Speaking of sports, are you a fan of basketball? I think it's crazy that the highest paid employees in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches!
 That was surprising to me too.  I didn't realize that basketball coaches made so much money!
 I still can't get over the name of the new zealnad's basketball team.  That is a hoot and no way would be allowed in America.
 I'm sure it is. Did you know there's one episode where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned? I bet that's weird never seeing Bart in a Simpson's episode!
 I do not know the total number of pokemon but the show has aired over 750 episodes. Wow!
 What a fun thought. Although I am sure there is a barber who has to do it perfectly each time. Surprising that no one knows how old he is
 My 3 year old cannot even feed himself and he's driving at 3... maybe a big wheel.
 How odd that there is never a full truth. Is there a theme park, maybe, maybe not?
 How unusual. Do you think they like basketball?
 Funny that in America the supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 Haha. I wonder if its true. The basketball facts are pretty outrageous. The highest state employee paid is a basketball coach
 Then they sold it to Google a year later?    Quite a windfall, do you know how much?
 A bunch of companies use it know.    Do you know which ones?
 The video is called Gangnam Style, they had to upgrade the view count, that is crazy!
 Crazy for sure.    Kind of like Justin Bieber's video.    I heard it was voted worst.
 Yeah It was of the song Baby, its amazing how much influence Netflix and YouTube have
 True.    Police have even copied it with something called BluTube.
 Yes.   I enjoy watching entertainment, news and sometimes even advertising!
 I heard they did a version of that show in the UK
 Yeah, it is used by a lot of people. Gangnam Style got so many views that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits.
 Oh, that video was the worst!! I've heard Justin Bieber's "baby" is the most disliked video on You Tube.
 Haha-good one! Did you know that the police actually have their own You Tube called Blue Tube?
 Well, on the bright side watching a horror movie burns 180 calories!
 Good morning. Do you like watching YouTube videos? I was just surprised to find it was the second largest search engine on the net.
 Wow two very powerful companies. Netflix is also popular as well because together with YouTube it makes up half of peak Internet traffic in North America.
 Totally agree and that explains why cable companies are going out of business. Although I did like a lot of TV shows like that 70s show. Can't believe they remade it in the UK.
 Ha ha I'm not sure. I also used to watch Pokemon and that used to be super popular as they have over 750 episodes of the show.
 Yeah I think it is a bit excessive personally. I do enjoy watching the horror genre though. Stephen King is a mastermind but as a child he was scared when he saw the movie Bambi.
 Yeah maybe at shape the way he makes movies now. If you want to lose weight just watch a horror film it can burn up to 180 cal.
 But I think he says a lot of interesting things. I was shocked to learn that he's not one of the top three richest presidents though
 Yep I agree. Also Washington and Jefferson had slaves which probably helped. I wonder why they built the White House to be smaller than the actual guest house?
 LOL I like the way you think. What do you think about our planet though? Only five planets in our solar system are actually visible to the naked eye from planet Earth
 Interesting. It sounds boring though I would never want to live on that planet haha. I also would not want to live on the planet that has glass raining sideways and is 2000 degrees Fahrenheit LOL
 I think its cool as well, voting from space, technology has advanced a lot
 Yes I wonder that as well. Women were not allowed to wear pants on the US Senate floor until 1993.
 Very sad indeed. Yes it's very important to vote. Even astronauts vote from space!
 Yes that's how it worked in the past. Unfortunately 34% of the black male population in Alabama has permanently lost the right to vote. 
 Not sure. But citizens of Austin, TX voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst!
 Yes it is hilarious. Is also very important to vote in the presidential election. Did you know the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office?
 That's hilarious. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of point shoes in a week.
 That's crazy isn't it? And has to cost a lot of money! Speaking of ballett, Tupac himself actually did ballet in high school. He also portrayed the Mouse King in a nutcracker production. Can you believe that?
 I didn't know that about Michael Jackson. Do you follow the elections?
 I do although I can't believe voter turnout in the presidential elections hasn't surpassed 62.8% in the last 100 years. That is insane!
 That is insane! Nevada is the only state to have a "none of the candidates" voting option for elections.
 Really? Too bad all states don't offer that. Ha! I tell you something else that's crazy, since 1900, on 75% of the occasion, the taller candidate has won! That's weird, isn't it?
 That's pretty crazy. I heard that taller people do better with job hiring too. 
 That's awesome they did that! There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart never appears.
 I'm surprised it only made it 10 episodes. 
 I love south park! Did you know when South Park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew?
 I actually love both, they are 2 different styles of shows family guy relies on flashbacks while south park is based on the current state of the world which one do you enjoy more
 I like south park a little more. Did you know Pokemon has over 750 episodes?
 I was never to into the pokemon games for some reason. 50 episodes for 16 years straight is pretty impressive though.
 It was the best, Ash, Misty and Brock, kids now will never know what it was like when Pokemon took over the world.
 Did you know there is only one episode where he is not mentioned or makes an appearance?
 Me too. Did you know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer?
 hey there, do you know much about humans?
 No, I don't know why. I do remember running fast from the most boring date, recently. I was trying to survive a  date that would not end. He was worth running from.
 I know, right! That's so cool to know how our instinct is intact. I was watching football today. The Patriots are doing their best to win the Superbowl every season.  Former Patriot running back Gree-Ellis never fumbled. 
 I love all of the extra features for viewers because I am able to follow along better myself. Yeah the players make so much money but in the past a professional bowler would make more than football stars. I couldn't believe that.
 Yes that is interesting. Although I don't know if I got that adaptation haha. It's weird to that humans can't burp in zero gravity, I wonder if other animals can
 That's interesting. I wonder if it's like the sound call the brown noise? Have you ever heard of that haha. Also humans are the only mammals that can't breathe and swallow at the same time, so maybe that is what is affecting our burping in zero-g
 No I haven't. I wonder if other animals can do that? Like can we Harvest ribs from animals and have them regrow the ribs? 
 That is strange! Also, anatomically correct humans existed in Africa about 300,000 years ago, which means that anatomically correct humans had hair all over them apparently
 Yes I wonder that too, if it was to psych out the other team, it would actually make me play better I would think haha. it's crazy too, there is a high school that just build a football stadium in Texas, cost 60 million dollars
 You were probably right, U of Iowa wants to psych visiting teams out.  $60 million dollars?  Are you serious?
 Yep I'm serious. And it only houses 18,000 people, which seems like not a lot of people. And it's for a high-school, I don't know why they would need a football stadium of that magnitude, do you?
 Yes so hear this, it would cost like $50,000 per flag, and each bag weighs 1100 pounds, like how is that possible? That costs as much as a car LOL
 Wow, that is interesting! Could be challenging! A fun fact I read is that since 1853 there has not been a president who was not either Democrat or Republican!
 Doing good! No I didn't very cool!
 Yea, also there is a highway in Kenya named after George W Bush, that's crazy
 Our president's guest house is bigger than the White House.
 I know, That's really being a staunch conservationist.
 Yes, he would be. I can't believe in 2011 it took four days to know bullets hit the white house.
 Interesting. Those maps come in handy.
 Yeah, freaky. A single Google searh needs more computing power than Neil Armstrong and the eleven other astronauts needed to go to the moon.
 Hmm, speaking of Google Maps, they tailor the land dispute claims to each country.
 Seems like he had practice interrupting award shows. He moked himself on SNL doing that two years before the Taylor Swift incident.
 interesting, she went there to talk about prison reform 
 speaking of the president, lets talk about that more. Woodrow Wilson was the only president to have a phd
 Wow, I never knew that about him!
 Yes, and in Guatemala former president's close relatives cannot run for president 
 That's interesting, I'd like to know how that rule came into affect?
 The first president to be photographed for his inauguration was Lincoln
 OMG, how bizarre, to get photographed with your killer in the same picture?
 yes, we have had 5 presidents elected that lost the popular vote 
 That does happen sometimes and I believe our founding fathers were correct in creating the electoral college system to help determine the election outcome.  Many people don't understand why the most votes alone doesn't win the election all the time.
 also interesting to know is that FDR was the last president to speak a foreign language fluently
 Yes, that is interesting!  I guess with the vast abundance of translators today, learning a foreign language is not necessarily a skill you would need to know in order to hold office.
 Lets talk about the white house next, it has been where presidents have stayed since 1800 starting with John Adams 
 Yes and I hear that the president's guest house is larger than the actual White House, itself.  Can you believe that?
 interesting, in the winter of 1977 President Carter turned all the thermostats down to 65 degrees 
 That's funny, because I heard that George W. Bush had them put back on.  Talk about government waste! Well, it's been nice chatting with you.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
 No! I'm learning about it now. it's pretty crayz. It makes sense since trump got his start on reality tv. I didn't know Sylvester Stallone also did something similar!
 Yeah, though the president also use Twitter, I'm not too certain what his agenda his for using that platform is.
 Yeah, i thik people weren't nice about it because as silly as it is, this president likes celebrities. They can do such good adn get results. Kim Kardashian is also a very accomplished person, she's the highest paid reality tv personality a few years ago earning $53 million!!!
 Wow, to make millions of dollars off of posting selfies, that seems like a lucrative job! It's crazy to think how she got started in the entertainment industry in the first place, she must have a great PR team for turning that around!
 Yeah, her mom is her manager haha. I mean she even has a book that has sold well about selfies. WHo knew that you could make so much money doing that. 
 Oh what?! Yeah that's crazy. She used to be Paris Hilton's personal assistant and stylist, but I don't think Paris Hilton is in the spotlight anymore.
 Yeah, she sort of disappeared. IT's interesting that even though she is so succesful, she has the lowest q score which tells how likable a celebrity is
 Haha, I would love to know that, if only they graphed it, I'm sure it might be as volatile as stock markets these days. Considering the white house still uses floppy disks, I think they need to get with the times!
 Probably! I wonder if it  has solar panels. I didn't know the white house had panels and then reagan removed them;
 I've got to admit that I was one of the people ridiculing Kim K for visiting the white house, but after hearing more about what she accomplished, I have more respect for her. How do you feel?
 The only one really? I bet he was a really smart man, many consider him a grea president, one of the best in US history
 He was? that sure is interesting, getting photographed with your killer, I mean what are the odds of that
 I can't imagine any of our Presidents having time to make music. On a laughable note, Jimmy Carter had solar panels installed on the White House and Ronald Reagan took them down. A little competitive?
 No, didt know about that, interesting, Im expecting a child so I will try that out, anyways its been fun to chat, hope you have a great day, cool fact sharng thanks
 That sounds awesome! They should do some research so that I can become immortal to haha. I also like that the world's oldest goldfish is 43, I wonder how long a goldfish can live
 I didn't know that! You'd think there would be other fish, especially fish of that shape. I really want a koi though, have you heard that they can live for over 200 years?
 Not really, I just think they can swallow a lot maybe because they're called the black swallower LOL, what are they useful for? I do know about a fish called the barreleye fish, it has a transparent head so you can see it's brain LOL
 Wow I didn't know that! They should do some more research on that fish LOL. Have you heard that jellyfish are 98% water? They can actually evaporate in the Sun and die
 Yeah that's really weird. Can you imagine President Trump and Vice President Clinton? Talk about a recipe for disaster, I'm glad that rule is gone
 Wow that's quite a name haha. Also said that we have not had a president that speaks the language of Zimbabwe, or a president that is fluent in any language for that matter since FDR, which was back in the 40s
 I have no clue.  If it had happened at night, maybe some jerk was shining a laser pointer at him.  Heard that's been a problem in some areas.  But I'm told it happened in the morning so... Just glad the guy ejected though. 
 Yeah, I wouldn't want to get that bill!  Reading elsewhere in the news they removed some kangaroos from a sanctuary in Jupiter, Florida.  Didn't know Florida had a town called "Jupiter".  Learn something new everyday!
 Could be.  Lots of people get exotic pets then find out "Oh, crap, these things aren't easy to care for!" and just ditch them.  I'm told that's why there's so many large pythons in Florida.  They were bought when they were small and then dumped when they got too big... 
 They say the President of Zimbabwe is called President Banana.  I dunno if that's his name or a nickname... like "Head Banana".  Hehe!  
 Huh, I didn't know that!  Another neat fact. until 1805 the runner up in the election became the vice president.  Can't imagine all the strife that would have caused.  Could you see a Trump/Hillary presidency?  Be like two cats in a bag...
 can you imagine ejecting from a seat and flying throught the air? luckily he landed safely
 yes ha. ok so the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck? hmmm
 i never think of them as fish. there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal. I wonder why scientists aren't tearing that species apart trying to find a way to make humans immortal???ha
 immortal. no thanks but i agree plenty of people would pay billions for that. 84% of genes associated with human disease have counterparts in zebrafish. again why is this not being studied to cure human diseases? yet we have $100 million air planes. SMH
 Did you know there hasn't been a president that was not either a republican or democrat since 1853?
 Maybe! It is funny that every us president with a beard has been a republican.
 I also didnt think that was right. Its funny that Truman refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride at Disney so he would not be associated with republicans.
 It is very spooky! Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong them can be heard on an am radio?
 I also find that fascinating. It is funny that Canadian law requires 40% of music to be played Canadian.
 There is "Canadian" music!? Haha! Who knew? Maybe they mean just music strictly from there. Hm. Very Interesting!
 Yea, it's interesting that the Whig party formed into the Republican party.
 That's very true. I also find it interesting that democrats just view guns as the problem and not the person committing the crime with the gun.
 It's surprising though that throughout history the Republican party has held the majority.
 That is very true. It's very surprising to me that Abraham Lincoln was the first Republican president.
 That's crazy! This weekend is number 9, I think. Shoud be a good game. He is listed on the injury report every game..
 They have won or lost the super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries so I guess it will be a close game.
 That's a lot of wins. Wow. No wonder they are so good...
 I did not. Nice chatting with you!
 That seems like a long time ago.
 He and the Patriots have been setting records, especially with this new win under their belt. I think it's interesting that the team is named after a whole region rather than a specific city. Their stadium is in Massachusetts
 Yeah, I have to agree.  You know what else is kind of crazy? For the length of the game, there's only about an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay.  
 Yeah, all the "set up" time outs, coaches talking, the huddles... it all adds up.
 Oh, yeah, I think I remember reading about that somewhere.  That's pretty neat!  Do you know they keep tracking chips in the players shoulder pads during the game to record their movements?  
 It's a pity they don't have a function to tell how much the ball is inflated, otherwise they could have avoided that "deflate gate" scandal that happened a few years back... (dunno fi you remember that or not.)
 Tom Brady!  Sidenote, guy was born the same year I was, 1977.  You know that guy has supposedly never eaten a strawberry in his life?  Wonder if he's allergic or something...
 Superpowers yeah, they say he threw a record 50 touchdown passes in the 2007 season!  He's gotta be doing something!
 ya I don't follow sports, but I did see the superbowl, pretty boring, I guess games only have about 11 mins of actual gameply
 Yeah, maybe if some women played I'd be more interested. They would be allowed but none have met eligibility requirements yet.
 ya its weird that they can play if theyre good enough, I think we will see a female player eventually
 So it looked like the Patriots grip was slipping and the Jaguars appeared to be prying them away. But the Patriots still made it to the Super Bowl.
 Yeah, Americans sure do take their football seriously. They use the chips in the shoulder pads and balls.
 Yeah, definitely seems scary. We seem so advanced in some aspects but in others seem so old fashioned. Like New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave restaurants if the players come in. Even if the cheerleaders had been eating already.
 Tom Brady's wife Gisele makes more than double her husband's salary. 
 No, I did not. Fun fact about him, he has never eaten a strawberry.
 Funny. Every week he is on the injury report even though he shows no signs of injury.
 hmm that is weird, crazy he threw 50 touchdown passes in one year!
 Yeah and before that he had never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season
 crazy that they always win or lose the superbowl by 3-4 points, that is very consistent
 Bill Bellichick is the coach in the NFL with the most postseason football wins, 21 wins. 20 with the Patriots and 1 with the Browns.
 that is wild, I like that Brady was considered the greatest "steal" in hte history of the nfl draft
 Are you an NFL fan?
 Are you a Brady fan?
 Oh yeah! Lions are somewhat "unheard" of these days with the focus on Patriots or some other team but UMich football on the other hand, I love rooting for them especially when they go against OSU. Tom Brady went to U of M, did the pass rusher Trey Flowers from the Patriots also attend?
 Trey went to Arkansas I believe. Every year they count the Patriots out and they just turn around and win another Super Bowl. That team is a machine. Tom and Bill won't be around much longer though and then the team will start slipping.
 Totally agree, I live out here in Minnesota and throughout football season, all you see is purple everywhere. I also watch a lot of football but for some reason there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay!
 There is way too much downtime in football games. College games can take four hours nowadays. I didn't know women were allowed to play in the NFL, could you imagine that! I'm always concerned about players getting hurt, especially when there are big weight disparities between players.
 With only 11 minutes of live gameplay and yet I devote an entire afternoon or evenings to watching the games and then probably another hour watching highlights! Although there are no official rules against women from playing, even if they met the physical requirements, they definitely would epitomize all the controversy surrounding football and CTE brain injuries. 
 So true, when you make millions, you still want to make more millions because your spending probably gets a bit lucrative. Yes, I think he'll retire, I wonder if he's going to start focusing on his diet or lifestyle brand and try to make more than his wife who happens to make double Tom Brady's salary!
 That's an interesting way of looking at it. The duo have either won or lost the super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all six times that they played. I think I agree with the statement that Tom Brady is "one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time".
 Hmm, not too familiar with that, I wonder how that nickname came to rise. Maybe it has something to do with how they treat the cheerleaders? Like the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL players.
 As always.  Hahaha  Did you know that the first playoff game played in 1932
 Time is flying by.  Did you know that Matt Patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the nfl
 I was shocked too.  Also, they used chip to track players in the past?
 That was true
 did you know women can also play if they make the cut?
 Not very long. About 11 minutes. Crazy to get paid as much as they do for such little play. However, engineers make more money.
 The cheerleaders for the Saints can't eat in the same restaurants as the players. They keep them separated.
 the author of the game of thrones called the patrionts the lannister of the nfl
 yeah go figure. he even won once when he was coaching the cleveland browns
 The Bills have the same number of superbowl losses as the patriots. The patriots have no trouble getting to the superbowl, but they don't always win.
 apparently increased their odds of winning but the giants avoided scoring
 You can't deny that Tom Brady is talented. He has been named MVP in four superbowls.
 that is very true. he is so popular and yet his wife makes way more modelling
 She gets involved in football too much. Maybe if they ate more strawberries they would be better off. He has never had one!
 I love the Cincinnati Bengals. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?
 I did not. Wow. The avg game is only 11 minutes!
 I saw it was from a deaf QB. Makes sense so the other team can't see your plays.
 Yeah. Saint cheerleaders are not allowed to dine in the same restaurant as players.
 Interesting...I think I've heard many other teams have similar rules like that between the players and the cheerleaders.
 I agree. Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in player pads?
 haha. They use the chips to track ball speed, velocity, location, and rotation.
 Not a huge fan. His wife actually makes more money than he does. They are very rich.
 Yes, it doesn't make sense that the Jaguars get called for 6 penalties and 98 yards and the Patriots only 1.  
 These unnoticed moves may be allowing them get touchdowns like when the unnecessary roughness was called against  Bouye
 They still keep on winning Super Bowls by 3 or 4 points all 6 times.
 Yes, and if they are in a restaurant and you are a cheerleader for the Saints you have to get up and leave.  That really is unfair.
 strawberries are so tasty, did you see that video of him kissing his son? like he kissed him twice on the lips, theres a lot that that guy does that is kind of weird
 well I can appreciate you giving him compliments like that, I like him but again, he does weird stuff, you need to youtube that video of him kissing his son, also apparently he's never eaten a tomato or ketchup, definitely weird
 haha that is funny, I had never heard that, I guess I'll be rooting for the bad guys! But I actually do like some of the lannisters in the show, so maybe that makes me a bad guy in real life haha
 also shocking is that the average engineer makes more in their lifetime than the average nfl player, you'd think that wouldn't be true
 Yes. And it wasn't until the 17th century that we learned/confirmed the planets orbit the sun.
 Are you talking about Venus? I think because of that is has no seasons!
 I see one Harvard study said that three minutes of negative news in the morning made people 27 percent more likely to say they had a bad day.
 A lot of people like to watch cable TV when they are working out. But Life Time Fitness has banned Cable TV from its fitness centers
 You're right, and I heard that at one point they were discussing making a cable channel like that.
 Yes, they are very successful. They also own the gaming website IGN
 It's surprising they waited so long to discontinue it
 Yea, I stopped playing when sega came out, I'm surprised a system that could only display 54 colors lasted till 2003
 Haha!  That is a good question!  I have played a few Marley songs on Guitar Hero before.  Aerosmith has actually made more money from Guitar Hero than any of their albums, crazy!!
 Haha, I could not agree more!!  Do you like dogs at all?  I am a dog person it is amazing what they can learn.  Dogs in Moscow have learned how to ride the subway!!
 Speaking of TV, I find it pretty crazy that George Carlin narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes.. that's my son's favorite thing to watch right now
 yeah you would have to be a crazy fan to do that!   do you have any favorite bands? I thought I liked creed but apparently creed was so bad one year that people filed a lawsuit against them!
 Ha! That's great.  Are you religious? If so, is the Jesus CHrist Superstar movie/concert something you'd be interested in?
 Thats almost as long as Alice Cooper is old! He is also apart of the madness
 gosh seems he's as old as 70 now! Im surprised to see alice cooper had a song.  Maybe they're religious guys
 WOW... you read a lot!  Did you like it?
 Cool... well it was great chatting with you!  Enjoy your day!
 Interestingly, she started by playing the bass in local go-go bands.  Do you play any instruments?
 She recorded 11 covers of which all were R&B songs from the 80's and 90
 I never saw that.  I liked Counting On though and reality shows.
 Yes.  The trunk was named so after the wooden trunks on the back
 Do you have a dog?  If so it has one of 12 blood types and you can donate its blood at a doggy blood drive.
 Kim jong un cuts his own hair. That explains a lot
 I thought that too! I also didn't think someone like Kim Jong Un would be afraid of barbers....so he cuts his own hair!
 Wow, I think that is a bit odd! The White House is huge, I wonder why or which president decided to build a guest house that large!
 That is true. Outside of the whole maximum pressure angle, it seems Trump's foreign policy team just can't agree on anything. You know what surprised me though, is Trump isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents of all time. The top three are JFK, George Washington and Abe Lincoln!
 Wow, I did not realize that! I can't wrap my mind around those three having that much money. What actually surprises me is that the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR!
 That  is surprising! What would top all of that is if we had a president release pop albums while serving as president like the Indonesia president has. Ha!
 That is crazy. Almost as crazy as Kim Jong-Un's older brother being spotted at an Eric Clapton concert!
 Hmm. That sounds like propaganda to me, but who's to say? The U.S.A has it's own questionable pieces of history. For instance, the fact that John Wilkes Booth was in Lincoln's inauguration photo. So weird!
 I know, right? And the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files... floppy disks! I didn't know those things still existed!
 I bet it's unique, don't you? I wouldn't mind even seeing the president's guest house since it's actually bigger than the white house itself. I never knew the president even had a guest house. Ha! Well it was nice chatting with you! Have a great evening!
 I've never seen them live, but they are really good! I saw Linkin Park a long time ago- apparently they played 325 concerts in one year (2001)- that sounds exhausting!
 Yeah nonstop for that long...I guess you really have to be passionate about what you do! 2,263 concerts is insane!
 I read that too! I'm not a Creed fan...but I never thought they were that terrible haha I guess Pink Floyd recorded a live concert without an audience, no lawsuits there I guess!
 That's really interesting! I never knew. What kinds of TV shows do you watch?
 Haha what? Whose classification is that? NFL is most definitely a sport and not fixed like the WWE.
 I mean there's a lot of standing room in football and not a lot of actual gametime so maybe that's where it comes from.
 Yeah sorry my last response was cut off early haha. But yes the universe is super interesting, and I even saw there is a theory that we exist inside a black hole. I wonder how that would even work
 Haha that's a good idea. Did you hear that there may be a parallel universe? There's a cold spot in the microwave background that scientists detected in space, and they think there's a parallel universe in there. I wonder if I will ever meet my parallel self haha
 I used to play a lot of video games. But I don't really anymore. I played a lot when I was a kid. For instance I played the N64 game GoldenEye. Apparently a lot of the developers of that game that never even worked on a game before
 Yep it's the same kind of idea actually. And I know that Australia bans a lot of games. Which I think is funny, because they ban more games than even China
 Really his the only left handed QB? I thought there were a t least a couple more, did you know there is a congress fantasy.
 I'm an eagles fan...i didn't think we were going to make it to playoffs let alone win one game
 Yeah no need to worry about them. Good luck in the next game. Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game?! I knew the commercials were way too long. 
 i know that stat is so hard to believe! In light of the game sunday, did you see that saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurant as any NFL player? 
 WOW! I'm in the wrong line of work. That is shocking with as much as NFL players make.I had no idea engineers were that well paid.  
 I never would have guessed that, Samuel L Jackson plays a lot of golf too, he's got a clause in his contracts to be able to go golf!
 Yah, that is unfortunate. They keep chips in players shoulder pads for data too, that's pretty cool.
 Yah, that is a choice they could make. I always thought the NFL stood for the National Football League, did you know it actually stood for the No Fun League? I'm joking though.
 I could see that, min contract of like 2 million then done for life? I wish they would be able to get better financial counselling than a check in the box class for when they're 21.
 That's a lot of house for me to clean! I don't know if I can manage something that large.
 I would hope they have some sort of on site recycling plant for that water so that they use a lot less!
 While I know those are two of those smaller states, that is still a lot of land for just golf!
 I did not know that! I know that some tennis clubs have very strict dress codes though!
 I don't know, I just learned some fun facts when I went on a D.C. tour last year.
 That is a fun fact... Another one... 15% of the tea party consider themselves democrats. I had no idea!
 I had no idea that the blue and red for party lines were not started until 2000.
 Yeah, that was the rumor. I guess its a true one after all.
 That's Fox on Fox crime too! I heard they were thinking about making a channel just for the simpsons....
 Oh wow, that would have been a comedy channel for sure. I dont like the SImpsons but that would have been funny.
 I hear you!  I was shocked to learn that when the Earth was first formed a day only lasted 5 1/2 hours.
 Yes, it does, but if you view it as a 24 hour period, us humans only represent like a little over a minute of time!
 Yeah, it's kind of a weird place to try and travel. Most of the people don't have cars and there is no public rail service, so they mostly travel domestic flights to travel between the cities.  It's crazy.
 More than $300 to travel across Japan.  All the roads are toll roads.  Now, I've been there a few times, so I know how much it costs!
 Yes they very much are. The dog has been the first domesticated animal ever!
 Yes they're so helpful. Dogs can learn over thousand words and can reason better than the average chimp!
 I think that's just the most efficient way to perform it. They have slomo videos on youtube you can watch. Some dogs are so smart that in Russia they can use the subway.
 That is quite surprising. With 137 million subscribers worldwide, they make a lot of money.
 yeah, They absolutely taken blue waves to act for midterm election. 
 I had never heard of that and thought it was really cool. 
 The candy desk is a tradition of the us senate since 1968, whereby a senator who sits at a desk near a busy entrance keeps a drawer full of candy for members of the body. the desk is currently supplied with candy made in pennsylvania, including milky way bars, mars bars, and jellybeans
 Because, They candidate and presidential good for people point. So the taller candidate in presidential elections has won 75% of the time.
 Have a good day!
 Hello! I found it interesting to learn that the same gavel was used for 165 years in the US Senate! I also thought it was ironic that Richard Nixon was the one to crack it, considering his corruption in the government
 Ironic to say the least lol.  Did you know that in '88 a us senator allowed the sergeant at arms to arrest absent senators and bring them to chamber to vote.  One tried to escape but was caught and carried back in.
 Makes you think twice about being a government employee lol. How do you feel about the US Senate having a candy drawer? I thinks it's a nice gesture to provide everyone with a treat... it's also surprising that the tradition has continued since 1968.
 Good use of tax money again!  Did you know that officials in ancient athens were appointed by lottery because elections they felt could lead to oligarchy.  Wonder how that would work today?
 Voter turnout is less than 62.8% for the last 100 years.
 Not sure if coincidence or what?  Strange fact is that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana
 Just imagine if that was our president.... STRANGE lol Doesn't it also seem weird that Nevada has a none of these candidates option on ballots? What's the point of voting then?
 I always wondered that too.  Did you hear that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums. 
 I wonder how that would work today? Did you know that from 1789 to 1913, Senators were appointed by the state legislatures that they represented? Now they are by popular vote
 wow, goes to show how much money rules the world! Speaking of money, did you know that 3 of the wealthiest presidents in history were JFK, Washington and Jefferson?
 I also learned that president is a title given specifically to leaders of republican states.
 I didn't know that.  Presidents vary in roles according to the form of government.
 ya its funny the drive through has only been around since 1975, I wish I had a zeppelin haha
 haha we need some pics of King Kalakaua riding a sweet zeppelin!
 haha nice, maybe we cna have a race, you in your zeppelin and me in Iceland taking planes to travel between the major cities because they don't have rail services
 haha yes well humans have only been on this earth for about 1 minute if you count all of planet's history as a 24 hour period haha
 Yeah that's kind of weird. Did you hear about the Tower of Babel? You know the history of it, apparently it is based on a real building
 That is cool that the idea of the Tower of Babel was based on a real thing. What are your thoughts on Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams? Apparently they're the only two presidents that did not swear in with a Bible
 No I didn't know that. That's pretty crazy, you'd think that that had lasted your whole life, what do you think? I think that for me, it's always been that way
 I agree! I was just watching Netflix this morning! I've heard that from 9PM to 12AM, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America! That's crazy!
 Also, sometimes Netflix offers new movies only via mail, but it costs almost $10 more a month!
 ya I agree, did you hear that richard nixon actually cracked a gavel that was almost 200 yeras old
 No! I also did not know that the only us president to have a phd was Woodrow Wilson.
 that is kind of scary, did you know the guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself
 That is amazing. I would love to be that guest.
 no that is crazy, also crazy is how ancient athens would decide their leaders: using the lottery ahha
 A cat named hank placed third in the virginia senate election. Hank should have won.
 haha I would have voted for him, sad that american voter participation has topped out at 63% though
 yup screwy, do you think the dems should run a basketball player in 2020? I guess the taller candidate would win 75% of the time
 I'm curious why international election oberservers were blocked from polling places in 2012, they werent allowed in 9 states, that is scary to me
 Agreed. And all elections in Oregon are by mail. That is interesting.
 haha yup exactly, I like how long elections have been held, I guess that is the way most countries have been run since the 17th century, its a great time we live in
 Haha they can be so funny. Bart, the son, did not appear in only one episode.
 I know, he is one of my favorite characters. And pokemon, there are like 750 episodes of it already.
 Yes me too, from time to time. Linkin park played something like over 320 concerts in 2011 alone.
 For sure. I think the Ramones top the charts though. They played for over 20 years straight.
 So cool. Yeah it was something like 2263 concerts. There are all kinds of concerts though, some good some bad.
 Yeah I can imagine a few bad concerts out of those 2263 the band performed, the group Abba turned down 1 billion dollars they didnt want to do a 100 conert reunion tour, I guess they must be loaded to reject an offer like that one
 I bet, they were so popular. Pink Floyd once held a concert without an aidience in an ancient roman amphitheatre
 I've read a litle bit.      It is hard to believe they have made 126 original series!
 That maybe why they have 137 million subsribers.
 They are popular though. from 9 pm - midnight, it accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america.
 Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth? How is that possible?
 bandwidth is cheap, and dvds are heavy in bulk!   Funny that the company started due to late fees.
 Yes.    Drama is a big DVD category for Neflix.
 I agree with Caine! There is a website you can listen to for old radio!
 Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas because of his belief system. I wonder why?
 If they used their DVD rental service it would be difficult to bum. I am surprised  that it is still going on. 
 Me too, I'd settle for half the speed Anne Jones can read at, 4,700 words per minute is insane
 What's really interesting to think about is that the streaming has become so big that it alone accounts for a third of the total bandwidth usage in North America.
 Yes. The regional differences are interesting at times. When I go to Canada they have all kinds of different shows and movies on there that we don't have, but they are missing lots of stuff too. You might find it silly but I noticed they don't have the hour long fireplace video.
 I love netflix. I can't believe the idea for the company came about from late fees on a vhs.
 Right? I'm wondering exactly how late that tape was. Although Netflix does keep racking up debt creating all of its original content. Looking at another 2 billion in debt from 2018
 I remember as well and I can't imagine what they feel like not having access after all this time and hype.  Netflix and youtube are wonderful heck together they make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America
 I would have to agree. Not as much as Jon Hamm though he taught it!
 Wow! I could never imagine reading that fast! I love that in the 18th century there was moral panic because of how many people were reading novels.
 Honestly, that would just make me sad. Although, I'm sure the president of Indonesia would call for a great reality show as well. He has three pop albums out!
 You're pretty good! It's JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Yes true. There is a lot of fake news and propaganda going around that's for sure. Republicans and Democrats have always been divided. There hasn't been a president apart from the above 2 parties since 1853!
 Yeah that doesn't sound very accurate to me. They should be ashamed of Hilary Clinton. The Republican party would never accept Clinton's antics. in 1957 Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be pictured on the Dumbo ride because he didn't want to be associated with Republicans. Seems a bit extreme.
 That's pretty weird of him.  I didn't realize that there's only been one president with a PhD.  It was Wilson.
 Interesting. Another kind of odd fact is that every US president with a beard has been a Republican. Better be clean shaven if you wanna be a Dem!
 That is funny as is the fact that only 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote.
 Yeah that is surprising. Definitely not a perfect system but it works. I am also looking forward to more summits with trump and Kim Jong Un. Summits have been going on a while, even back in the FDR and Churchill days!
 I'm surprised with N. Korea.  I'm also surprised that Nixon proposed a minimum income.
 Yes. So much for Russian collusion... I can't believe $330B was pledged at a summit in Russia in 2010 to save tigers.
 Wow that is a lot of money. Good for the tigers! Russia also gave delegates and heads of state thumb drives containing a trojan virus capable of picking up information. Very tricky Putin!
 Happy for the tigers, disgusted with the Russians... Did you know Lincoln was the 1st president to be photographed for his inauguration?  If he could see us now with our cell phones!
 Yeah can't imagine how surprised he would be seeing how things are now, probably not what he imagined. Well it will be interesting to see what the rest of trump presidency will bring. The president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. Luckily Trump hasn't done anything like that!
 Yeah, can't see him singing well.  Anything can happen like Ayn Rand being on SS and medicare.  
 True. I guess it's just sort of respect of politician, who is stronger than him. Trump doesn't see such people in the United States. I also surprised that Trump isn't in a list of top 3 wealthiest presidents. It's quite surprising. 
 Btw, I've read that US President's guest house is larger than the White House. Do you know where is the guest house is located? I even didn't know there is the guest house
 Well presidents decide a lot of things, the first president of Zimbabwe decided that he shall be called president Banana. lol
 Sorry about mistakes. Just typing to fast... Yes, I guess he is really funny guy! I didn't know all Presidents with beard were Republicans... 
 I think I had heard that. I did know that there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon which surprises me.
 Very useful. So useful that there is a library that holds a backup of the entire internet which I can't imagine. 
 It certainly does bring us together. I'm amazed that there is service on Mt. Everest. 
 It definitely is. Did you know that the 3 line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button? So strange. 
 And they are both owned by the same corp so bad idea. Did you know kim k was in a musi video?
 Do you know that average warehouse workers working at amazon walk between 7-15 miles per day?
 Yes, the Model T is awesome. The first car invented was back in Germany in 1886.
 I always thought that too. Did you know Cadillac was named after a French explorer?
 Very cool. Hard to imagine he also founded Detroit.
 Very cool. Did you see in South Africa it's legal to equip a car with a flamethrower?
 No worries - I do that all the time. Apparently, it's to deter car jacking so I imagine that must be a big problem in South Africa.
 No but I probably should be with all the offers to buy. To think it started as an online bookstore and grew to downloads of videos, MP3s audiobooks, software, video games, electronicsm apparel, furniture, food, toys, everything.
 It's amazing what they've accomplished. I also saw they own IMDB.
 The first amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him!
 Very cool! Bezos built a clock into a mountain that can run for 10,000 years.
 I like cars a lot! It's hard to believe the first widely accessible was the Model T in 1908. Not very long ago.
 And Macdonald's added their drive throughs in 1975 for soldiers who could not get out of their cars. That is only 40 years ago!
 Really? It is also legal to equip your cars with flame throws in South Africa.
 So do you ever use Amazon? It's hard to believe it was founded 7-5-94.
 I use it all the time! It was originally an online bookstore.
 That's what I've heard. I love that because of a $27.95 purchase the first customer made they got a building named after them.
 Amazon warehouse employees also walk between 7-15 miles each day!
 Imdb has been owned by amazon way back, all the way since 1998.
 Yes, as long as it's not vandalized, I guess. I didn't know until recently that Amazon in actually the largest internet retailer.
 i enjoy basketball,  didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team?
 Yeah, strange name. In 39 states, state employees in either college football or basketball coaches are the highest paid!
 Interesting McDonalds added drive-thrus in 1975 for the soldiers.
 yes, The translated latin word for apple is Malus.
 I've been playing a lot of the Nintendo switch lately, it's pretty crazy the original nes wasn't discontinued until 2003
 I could never write to a columnist to air my disagreements with wife to ask for advice especially when it does not seem like a big deal like the article suggests
 No, that is a weird fact. They say Stephen King was scared of bambi too which is very hard to believe
 I did not know that. 
 That is wild. Must of had glue on his hands.
 I'm a big fan of both! I can't stand Family Guy though. Did you know that when South Park aired it's Family Guy Episode, the producers received flowers from The Simpsons Crew?
 I didn't know that I have always appreciated the simpsons for being the originator of it all, and south park is completely genius the write the episodes based on whats currently occurring so they can add anything last minute
 I love both homer and krusty the clown I also love the shorts they watched with the cat and mouse what were they called?
 The Itchy and Scratchy show is the best! 
 It was really funny. Do you like anymore cartoons? I used to watch Pokemon, there's like 750 episodes of it! I had no idea!
 I loved pokemon. I was a big fan of both the show with ash and the games starting with the old pokemon gold
 They're both really good to me, that is a tough choice. I didn't know that Tupac actually danced ballet in high school. I wonder if that helped or hurt his gangster persona?
 Hi! Do you like to watch TV?
 I really like watching the Simpsons and have watched since I was I was little. There is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned.
 Ah, yeah, I heard they tried to make it verbatim. Guess it wasn't the same thing with UK actors.
 Haha, right. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have all narrated over 52 episodes each.
 Speaking of admiration, I really admire dancers. Professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of pointe shows in a week.
 Wow! And Tupac was a dancer too, of ballet. Never would have guessed.
 yes I do! I love Evan Almighty and apparently it was the highest cost comedy to make at over 200 million
 Yea, that movie had a lot of special effects. I really found pineapple express funny, I didn't know some call it a bromantic comedy
 haha Ive never seen it, I do like monty python, I guess the programming language python was named after that grouop
 ya I agree, I like comedy more, sad taht comedy central cancelled like 100 shows, they always seem to cancel the ones I like
 Yea shows don't last too long usually. I remember Demetri Martin had a show on there,. It's crazy Demetri dropped out of Harvard law due to boredom
 haha well I can imagine that would be boring, weird taht Patrick stewart teaches masters class acting, he must not be bored with it
 haha can't blame him there, do you like Jon Hamm? he was also a drama coach for a high school
 I'm doing good thank you. I love hearing about the universe. I saw there are scientists that think the universe evolved through natural selection.
 That would be crazy if it exist inside a black hole. That all gets really confusing to me.
 LOL. There is a region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe.
 Wow that's loud! I saw that the universe may be one giant superhologram.
 I love football. The University of Iowa painted the opposing teams locker room all pink.
 I agree lol. In the 1960s, the top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 I have no idea, but it's definitely gone down hill as sport. 
 Haha. The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0.
 It is cool! Did you know the Mcdonalds drive thru has only been around since 1975?
 Yes, it was because the soldiers in uniform were not allowed to get out of their cars and this gave them a way to still get Mcdonalds.
 I agree, but I'm sure it was for their gain too! Have you heard that in South Africa you can equip your car with flame throwers?
 It must be because that is the reason they can be installed!
 Did you know he was terrified as a child by the movie Bambi? He thought it was a horror film!
 I know, but I remember being scared. Did you know watching horror films can burn 180 calories?
 Must be the reason. It was nice chatting with you!
 Yea it's crazy that ancient Greeks and Indians even developed models of the Universe
 That and the theory the universe may be just on large superhologram
 Thats crazy if the universe only has one electron, that means I wasted a lot of time in Chemistry class
 Yea I like to swim when I have the time. It's insane the US has more gold medals in swimming than the rest of the world combined
 I never knew cornell university required students to pass a basic swimming test before graduation
 I read that too!  I do a little stretching before cycling to work.  What I found interesting is that the example provide is 74 nd stretches for 1 hr 6 days/wk walks/runs for 45 mins 5 days / wk.  I just don't have that amount of free time!
 True.  Apparently Emilia Clarke did the funky chicken and robot dance in an audition.  I guess both types of stretching would be required for that.  Oh, the contortions we put the human body thru!
 I watch a little, basically history and British comedy / drama on PBS.  Going back to stretching, did you know that you can incorporate static stretching in TV watching.  Perhaps I will do that during commercials and program breaks!
 He definitely has more dexterity than Homer Simpson.  Did you know that Homer Simpson had 188 jobs in the 1st 400 episodes before going steady at the nuclear plant.  His resume would be a book if listed each and every job!
 I always associated the "Moonwalk" as a Michael Jackson original move.  Little did I know that the 1st Moonwalk was performed by a tap dancer Bill Bailey in 1955!
 I did not know that.  In thinking about how we are both above and related to other species, I have a Blue Heeler whose hair stands up on its back when in defensive or attack mode.  I just learned that while humans have lost most of their body hair, an evolutionary trait causes humans to get goosebumps that use to cause our fur to stand up to make us appear larger!
 It was a slot in his shoe that hooked to a nail in the floor, creating that really cool lean effect.  Smooth Criminal was the video I think.
 You certainly know a lot about dancing!  I did not know that about Bruce Lee, but it doesn't surprise me because most Martial Arts are very dance like involving routines. 
 That's true. Tupac is another one who had a background of dancing. In high school he did ballet and played the mouse king in the Nutcracker. 
 I wan't a huge Tupac fan as a musician/rapper, but one of the movies he was in, Juice, is one of my favorites.  So again, it doesn't surprise me, ballet a little maybe, that he was also a good dancer.
 Sometimes I wonder what shoe they wear. I know ballet dancers wear pointe shoes, and professionals can go through four pairs in a week!
 That has to be painful, pointe shoes and pointeing on your tippy toes - I can't imagine.  The things people do for art and dance right?
 I guess it makes sense since he is a main character. The crew of the Simpsons sent flowers to the producers of South Park when their finale aired. That's some good camaraderie 
 There are over 16 years' worth of episodes with 50 per year. It must be popular!
 It is a great show. Another popular show is the Office. Ellie Kemper who plays Erin had John Hamm as a drama teacher in high school
 I guess it's just part of changing attitudes. Heck, the Vatican endorsed it back in '99.
 It sure has. Just Superstar alone has been running for almost 50 years now! 
 No I didn't know that, why do you think Canada is so good at hockey though? Apparently they scored like 130 goals and only let in three goals in the entire first Olympic Winter Games back in 1924
 Only a guess, but i would they had been playing longer than other countries.  I would not want to be a pro hockey player.  They lose up to 8 pounds in one game.
 I wouldn't mind being a pro hockey player actually haha that would help me to lose some weight haha. One crazy thing is at a hockey rink can be swapped into a basketball court very easily just by swapping the floor out. In fact that's what most of them do
 I don't know why you was traded for a dollar. But I do know that you went on to win for Stanley Cups haha. This was back in 1993 though
 That is pretty awesome that they invited it. Definitely useful for watching the games especially if you're not a big football fan. They even want an Emmy for doing that. Which I didn't think that's what you get an Emmy for but that's still cool. Did you hear about the Patriots player who's never had a fumble?
 Frozen is ok. I really like the old Disney movies like Sleeping Beauty and I even like the 90s stuff like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast. What movie I kind of like is The Lion King and that was actually dubbed into Zulu which is interesting
 Wow I didn't know that. Have you actually seen that movie? I didn't think it was that amazing myself. One thing that doesn't surprise me is that the toy industry talks to Disney before the film was even made. That makes a lot of sense in terms of selling toys haha
 Oh for sure! I remember in the 90s you couldn't go to McDonald's without getting a bunch of Disney toys there haha. I also know that Disney recycles their animation frames, I've seen that in movies like the Disney Robin Hood movie, they stole scenes from Sleeping Beauty in that one
 Yep exactly. It's all about saving time and money I guess. It's interesting that Disney's most successful franchise is the Pirates of the Caribbean series, it's earned over 1 billion dollars including the totals for all of the sequels
 I love the Olympics. So diverse and the bobsledder from Jamaica wants kids to see someone like him.
 I like hockey. Not very many African Americans play hockey. The US hockey team lost to a highschool team 6-3
 Wow, that is bad for a pro hockey team to lose to a highschool team
 Yes it is. In 1930 a goalie caught fire after a puck hit a box of matches in his pocket.
 What.  The puck must have traveled at an incredible speech to cause such fricition
 I heard about those songs, but I have never heard the songs myself.  These songs must be hilarious and interesting
 A high school football stadium in Texas cost $60 million to build
 I am wondering where that stadium is so that I want to play on that field for just 1 minute.  Hahaha
 Allen, tx. The big flags at the games weigh 1,100 pounds!
 It must cost them a lot of money to build such flag.  Btw, did you know that ESPN won an emmy award for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for the nfl games
 It cost $50,000 to make.
 it was a lot of money.  
 The highest paid coach are from the armed forces teams
 Haha that makes sense. But like I said, hockey is a very athletic game, a player can lose up to 8 pounds just from one game
 Yes I bet the water turns to ice too LOL. It's always interesting to me you can transition in ice hockey ring into a basketball court too, they're about the same size
 I think the top Bowlers in the 1960s deserve an award though, they actually made twice as much as the top football players at the time, that's impressive enough to get an award from me haha
 Well the highest scoring football game of all time was actually a college game, it ended at 222 to 0 LOL talk about a blowout
 I do! I watch Frozen with my daughter a lot, but didn't know in the 70s that they recycled animation frames!
 It's amazing that it took 3 decades to make Wreck-it-Ralph. I've only seen parts of it. Have you seen it?
 That's insane! I do love the yellow line when watching on tv, but never knew that deserved an Emmy!
 I feel like that is a low bar for an emmy... 
 Yes. You'd think they'd be cold too. I guess the ice isn't that bad though. Otherwise basketball players would complain when they cover the ice for them to play.
 I'm sure the guy who made it is happy. NFL is so much newer then other sports leagues. As recently as the 60s bowlers would make twice as much as football players.
 Now it's just a glorified farm system for the nfl. The highest scoring football game was a college game georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0 way back in 1916. I guess they had no mercy rule.
 I didn't really like it, but I gave it a chance since it was the first disney movie directed by a woman. For a family friendly company they really are behind in the times.
 They even reused a bunch of scenes in older movies to save money. If they did that now people would go nuts.
 I disagree with a lot of what he has done. Im surprised that he isn't listed as one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents with his claimed resume
 I would tend to agree with you.
 I would say so. He seems like he might not want to show any opposition for fears that he might be fired lol (I know he cant get fired.)
 Yes I agree with you. Also it has twin buildings in Ireland and France for some reason. I wonder if it's the same on the inside as well
 I didn't realize that it had twin buildings until today. What I found interesting was the use of floppy disks, which I don't understand why they would still be using that source of technology.
 No I don't get it either. Especially because the White House has solar panels on top. You think they'd be more technologically advance and use USB drives
 I know right! Do you think we should go back to the old system where the runner-up in the presidential election becomes the vice president? Doesnt that sound so weird?
 That's a good point. Things should not be so divided. Also the White House should not be smaller than the guest house. That's messed up
 What do you think about Putin? I guess the Russians gave out USB drives that Ed viruses on them at one G20 Summit. that's really messed up thing to do
 That's a good question. I wondered that myself. Have you ever played the game Eve online? Apparently they received an award from the United Nations
 No I didn't know that they would give out Awards to videogames haha. I did think about playing that game for a while but it seems like it's very hard to get into. Also heats up alot of your time
 From the news coverage I read, protesters were ready to take on Trump the minute he set foot in Ireland, including at his golf course in Doonbeg, County Clare.  Even the Irish Labour Party was part of the protests!
 I did not know that.  But I did read that a smaller scale replica is a private residence in Atlanta. 
 Im not sure about that. Did you know that teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house?
 I never knew that, did you know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was president? Crazy.
 The guest house on the whitehouse property is bigger than the white house itself!
 I haven't seen it, I didn't even know there was one on the whitehouse property. 
 Oh ok, I do remember hearing that and it makes sense now.  I see that the 1st president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana, do you reckon that was his name? 
 yes, I didn't know that President Roosevelt was a conservationist and wouldn't allow any Christmas trees to be put in the white house, because of that.
 I don't know, I think it's crazy that when the gunman riddled the whitehouse with bullets in Nov, 2011, the Secret Service didn't even realize it for up to 4 days! Scary.
 I would think that there is armed guards outside the whitehouse though, that would hear the shots?
 Did you know that Trump cancelled his trip to Ireland because of his climate policies?
 Me too.  Ireland claims to be an open and tolerant nation, so I wonder why Trump is backing away.
 It's possible.  Apparently opposition from Ireland towards the US is very unusual, so I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of countries and cities that normally agree with the US are starting to disagree as well.
 No way!  That's crazy.  Wow, apparently the runner up for the presidential race used to automatically become the vice president... imagine Trump with Hillary as VP?  Haha!
 Oh my god!!  That is crazy... Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house!
 I wonder if he wanted fake trees instead of cutting them down?
 Yeah, that's absurd.. well, I guess they can't be hacked?  Anyway, nice talking to you!
 Let's talk about the White House, did you know that they have twin buildings of it in both France and Ireland? I wonder if they're the same on the inside as well
 It is really scary. also scary that the White House still uses floppy disks, I don't know why they wouldn't switch over to USB by now
 Yes that is interesting. It's crazy that they only started to do Summit meetings in 1955 with the Geneva Convention Summit, you think they would have tried to do them earlier
 That's interesting, I only brought that game up though because it actually won an award from the United Nations, which was the world Summit award
 So would I.  Would seem to help out foreign relations
 Hey, how are you, Are you a fan of tv shows like southpark and the simpsons?
 Pokemon was a phenomenon that took over when i was a kid its definitely nowhere near as popular now
 Sounds like a good movie script.  Did  you know that cinematographer Roger Deakins has been nominated 13 times and yet has never won? What, are there like only four cinematographers in all of Hollywood?
 And yet the Academy has never nominated a woman for the category of cinematography. Now I understand why. Roger D gets all the nominations!
 A lot more than once! I loved his performances on the Dean Martin celebrity Roasts! To which movie were you referring?
 Sexual misconduct is a very serious charge and this must really affect the entertainment industry considering his role.
 That's a sweet gesture.  There are actually 750 episodes of Pokemon.  Have you seen any?
 kids used to like it but outgrown I guess.  There is only one episode of the Simpsons without Bart
 Really, that has to be strange not have a women nominated. I feel like they should have been nominated, at least.
 Yes, you would think.  Cinematographer Roger Deakins though has been nominated 13 times without a win for the best cinematographer oscar
 Yeah... Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look."
 Really? What about the switch. Seems weird.
 I did not know that. Only 54?
 I love video games. Nintendo was the first gaming system I used. Hard to believe how much technology has changed since then.
 The Nintendo Entertainment system was finally discontinued in Japan in 2003. I feel like that is very recent for such an old gaming system.
 Oh wow I didn't know that. I've seen some retro ones released recently so they must still be popular. 
 Entertainment sure is different than when it started. When Caesar visited Britain around 50 BC he noted that its people bred chicks for entertainment not just food.
 Ahh ok I didn't even think of that. I like television too. Did you know Bill Nye got his big break by winning a Steve Martin look alike contest?
 How interesting. Sometimes you can get your start in the business with your looks. For others like Ronald Reagan his looks worked against him. He did not get a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "the presidential look."
 I can't believe that happened lol. I bet the person that turned him down feels like an idiot.
 Sometimes we make silly choices. Like someone tried to get That 70s Show made in the UK called Days Like These but it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 Haha yea that is a silly choice. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?
 That is a lot of Pokemon, about 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight.
 I do not know much but I can really see the effect it has on Kubrick films. They are very artsy. His cinematographer for Spartacus won best cinematography even though Kubrick took the camera away from him and did most of the work.
 He has some very odd films for sure. Did you know a woman has never been nominated for an academy award?
 That is a shame. There is a cinematographer that has been nominated 13 times for best cinematography and has never won.
 Wow that's a shame as well. Talk about a big let down. 
 It seems to be an area with a lot of disappointment. The Chinese American cinematographer won Oscars and pioneered wide angle lenses, low lighting and other features and yet his marriage to white woman was illegal until 1948 due to racism.
 Yes they do. Did you ever study Roman history? Apparently in England they would breed chickens for entertainment haha
 I've seen some they're definitely weird to watch haha. It's funny that you was told that he does not have that presidential look inquiring about one role
 Yeah that's a lot of bandwidth. I like to watch stranger things it's crazy that they are going to rake up to billion dollars in debt to help create more new content. But I do like their content
 Not suprised, it was a great show. Jim Carrey apparently does not do dramas because they do not spread positivity
 He is funny in that one. Did you know there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free
 That is just crazy and mind blowing. together with youtube they make up half of peak internet traffic too in North America
 Too bad for Blockbuster who declined to buy netflix for 50 million and now they are gone all together
 Their loss, I guess. Reed Hastings was inspired to start netflix after a $40 fee on a late vhs copy.
 For sure. Speaking of Apollo and Science, Bill Nye became famous by winning a Steve martin lookalike contest.
 Seems to be. They did move Always Sunny to there and I love that show. I had no idea that IGN was owned by the same company that owns Fox.
 I love Sunny too! The second season was amazing. Great writing!Nixon helped create fox news?
 Same reason people that hate Howard Stern listen 3 times longer than those who like him.
 I totally agree. I did not know that they used the same gavel for 165 years. That's a very durable gavel!
 Exactly, I'm sure Fox News is all about going against freedom of speech but that is just me. I didn't know President Nixon helped start Fox News.
 That is probably the best seat in the house! Especially during those long discussion and filibusters they like to do!
 or butterscoth candy lol. I would like to stay at the guest house at the white house as well, which is bigger than the white house itself!
 I bet it turns into a hotel essentially when that happens!
 I love Mysteries and thrillers, the entertainment industry has so much to choose from it's unbelievable. 
 Thats what I did, cable is too much. No I didn't know that! Very interesting. Did you know there is a show called IKEA Heights.....that was shot inside an IKEA store without the store knowing?? lol
 Oh my goodness, that's funny! I never have heard of IKEA Heights, I will have to check that out! Did you know Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role playing a president because the entertainment executive said Mr. Reagan didn't have "That presidential" look!
 HAHAHHAAA!  That is awesome!  Did you know Drama is considered a form of poetry? 
 I didn't know that about Drama, interesting.  I see that Netflix and youtube combined make up half of the peak time of internet traffic in North America, i'm not surprised by that one!
 Not surprised at all! Netflix has 150 movies available all with 100% rating on rotten tomatoes...such a great selection!
 Netflix originals are fantastic i think, I love their original mystery series like "The House on Haunted Hill", have you seen it?
 Yes!!! That was so good! I was on the edge of my seat for days lol....so many great originals. Did you see Birdbox yet?
 Sandra Bullock was your neighbor!!!??? She is my favorite actress, did you meet her?
 Wow, that's awesome! My biggest celebrity meet was with Keanu Reeves lol I thought I was going to have a panic attack lol....he has been in a lot of Drama movies and some with Sandra Bullock too.
 Keanu is hot!!! lucky you!
 Agreed. Did you know that the guest house for the president is bigger than the white house itself?
 Haha I could see that happening. Fox news would likely cover that story! Fox News once thought about creating a channel airing only The Simpsons!
 Unfortunately yes it is. It is broadcasted in 86 countries surprisingly.
 Yes they do. They even threatened to sue the Simpsons (even though they wanted to make a Simpsons channel).
 Crazy that woman couldn't wear pants on the senate floor until 1993. But yes great chatting with you too. Have a great night my friend. 
 It's funny that Netflix was created because of a $40 late fee, at least the movie he was renting was really good lol it was Apollo 13
 Yes that's an impressive number. Kind of like how Netflix uses 33% of all internet bandwidth, that's also impressive
 That is really cool! Also interesting that Michael Caine only became an actor to meet pretty girls LOL talk about a weird reason to start acting
 Yes I like that too. It's crazy that it lasted until 2003, that is such a long time I think it came out in 1985
 Yes I agree. I mean in 50 BC people were using chickens as entertainment LOL so I'm just glad that we have video games now
 Yep times are weird and they change rapidly. Like how someone thought that Ronald Reagan did not have a "presidential" Look to Him, and yet years later he became the president LOL
 They have become a huge company!  They had 137 million worldwide subscribers as of Oct. 2018.
 Hey there. I noticed that traveling has been more difficult these days. Do you travel too?
 One would think that the UN would step in a try to curb their behavior.
 Wow, I didn't know that either. I saw that Wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy Wikileaks.
 Oh wow that's pretty cool. They probably have secret bases all over the place in Nevada.
 That's hilarious! I saw in 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest. 
 That's kind of scary to know. New York's area code is 212 because that is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I've never used one before. They were a little before my time. That is amazing they are that thin and only lay on the ocean floor.
 That is a fun little trick. I had no idea that would work.
 Wow.  That's a tough call.  Sounds like he is in a pickle.  I don't know what to make of it.
 I didn't know that. Maybe I should spend the afternoon watching a marathon of horror movies to burn off the pizza I've ate today.
 Lion King was scary to me as a kid. I heard that during the filming of "The Exorcist" no person involved thought it would be considered a horror film.
 Christopher Nolan meant for it to be a horror film.
 I've always wondered how that works with kids in scary movies.
 I bet that is true, however, I am not a fan of Horror movies.  Probably my least favorite genre - do you enjoy them?
 That's a helluva mash up!  I would try some Tombstone and Daft Punk...
 Interesting - and strange name for that product.  It made me picture something completely different!
 I read that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks. Seems a bit scary...
 I like Chicago, but I've been there only twice in my life. I also read that 80% of land in Nevada is owned by the US government. I'm quite surprised about it. Is it because there are a lot of military facilities in this area? Any idea?
 I think the man impersonated a government official!
 Hello, did you know that in Nevada, 86% of the land is owned by the government.
 That's awesome. Supposedly, there is a Unicef program that donates a day of clean water, for every minute you do not use your cell phone.
 Cool fact.  Another cool fact isthat the cables carrying phone and internet data over oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
 Yet, Mackinac Island still has a motor vehicle ban and most use horse drawn carriages or bikes to get around. How weird & wonderful this world is.
 Very weird indeed.  Switching topics, did you see that the Dutch have  a bus designed to go 160mph 
 I saw that also. It will cost you over $300 to travel across the country.
 The reason they travel like that in Iceland is because Iceland has no public rail service.
 I am on the fence with that whole wikileaks thing. I'll leave you with one more fact.  Most people travel by bike or horse drawn carriages in Mackinac Island, MI.  Motor vehicles yhve been banned for over 100 years.
 I didn't hear about that but that would be awesome! 
 True, we have some self driving cars running around the city here and there have been a few accidents plus people try to destroy them....so it may be a bit more time but yep eventually it will happen!
 Is it illegal? I never knew that...it is extremely cold in Ohio! Weird! I read an article that in South Africa they can have flame throwers attached to their cars!
 So interesting! I can only imagine how high crime is there like many other countries, just awful! I have seen some documentaries on the internet about crime in the world and it is scary.
 Hahahaa, true! Scary though lol....I have a fun fact I found while browsing the internet and did you know a lightening bolt is 5 times hotter than the sun! How amazing!
 Oh wow, that is good for them! Did you know that on the peak of Mt Everest you can get cell service and internet? How crazy is that!
 Hahahaa, wouldn't want that job! 
 How amazing would that be! Very interesting! In 2011....neptune completed its 1st orbit around the sun ...since 1846!
 Hahaha! right!!! Did you know the sun produces enough energy in 1 second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,00 years! Mind blown! it has been great chatting!!! Have a great night!! 
 It is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star. That's pretty small comparitively!
 It's so big that Neptune just finished its first trip around the sun in 2011. It was discovered in 1846!
 Unless you get hit by a lightning bolt, then you may need a higher SPF. Lightning bolt are hotter than the sun.
 I don't know. To be honest, I have no idea what a solar flare is.
 those are all big numbers! I was amazed also to learn that a lightening bolt is five times hotter than the surface of the sun
 that is amazing, you would think it would be less
 That is amazing!!  and to think that it has no solid body but a body made of plasma surprises me !
 Absolutely.  I read where eddie van halen recorded the guitar solo for "beat it" he literally set the studio speakers on fire.
 That's awesome. Brian may of queen built his guitar out of parts from an old fireplace and his mother's knitting needle
 Talking about odd. Did you know it's illegal to warm your car up in ohio?
 Wow.  The trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
 Good point! That's a nice comeback. International observers were blocked form polls in 2012.
 haha not a bad idea, might even save some taxpayer money, I can't believe the drive through was invented in 1975 that doesn't seem so long ago honestly
 ya I think so, do you like Queen? I guess their guitarist has a phd in astrophysics apparently
 I do like Queen.  That is crazy to me.  Did you know he also uses coins as guitar picks?  
 Ruined cereal?  Is that even possible?
 Also, presidents are less educated than I thought. I recently heard that only Woodrow Wilson has had a PhD.
 I heard that US citizens can be so bad at voting in elections that one recently stated the reason for not voting was not wanting to spend hours doing something unlikable on vacation.
 Apparently younger folks generally overestimate the likeliness they will vote by 8.5 percent. They probably don't want to look bad admitting to not be voting, though!
 I think height can subconsciously command attention. That doesn't explain the cat in Virginia who placed 3rd in a Virginia Election.
 I think I read that too, so crazy but everyone should have the right to vote. I was reading that 34 per cent of black males in Alabama lost their right to vote! That's not right. 
 Exactly! I agree. Voting in the elections has some very odd rules sometimes. Did  you know in Nevada they have a choice to check none of these candidates on their polls...crazy!
 It is very strange for sure. Really, haha why in the world would they vote for that.....
 Definitely important, especially in the times we are living in now. Wow, that's kinda funny I wonder why Banana? I read that since 1900 the taller candidate has won the presidential election about 75% of the time lol think that's funny.
 Seriously! I would never have thought that many people don't vote, pretty sad. Voting for our president is too important!
 No, I have not heard that, very interesting though. Funny how some past presidents were very wealthy compared to others, I wonder why that is?
 Wow, and that was so long ago! I wonder if each president gets a different amount of money.....you would think our current presidents would have more money. It is interesting how the presidents guest house is larger than the White house, crazy!
 Yes it is. I wonder why that happened in the first place. Maybe it was built much later. I also find it interesting that at one point the runner up in an election became the vice president. That's a crazy system!
 You are so right! It's hard to understand how everything is decided concerning the presidential elections and everything they do lol, confusing!
 Right! I agree on that. And Indian governments would set up a polling booth inside a forest filled with lions for just 1 voter....how crazy is that!
 That is extremely accommodating ha ha. 
 You too....good informatiion on elections!
 Guitars are such powerful instruments. Van halen played for MJ's beat it and the speakers caught fire!
 Wow. I wonder if he has ever acted with Hugh Laurie. Hugh makes a lot of money - $700,000 per House episode!
 I wonder why Google's self driven cars have an aggressive mode?  Kind of scary actually if you think of it?
 That is scary! And even scarier is that South African cars have flame throwers so that people can't steal your car!
 I am guessing it has something to do with computers. Sounds tricky though. Almost as tricky as the Indian government setting up a polling booth in forest full of lions for a single voter.
 that is terrible, it also on 2012 happen that international electoral voter were blocked from the polls in nine states!
 We need a lot of improvement in our election process. The voter turnout for Presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years!
 That is sad that means that now a days we still have people that does not vote and  do you know that 75% of the time the taller candidate for president wins
 How interesting. Perhaps we need a voting option like Nevada that has a "none of these candidates" choice. That way we base our votes on merit not height.
 That is true the appearance have nothing to do with their merits. But once they get elected they can't control how they are going to be called like the first president of Zimbabwe that was called President Banana.
 I really prefer now a days system but do you imagine that our president release 3 pop albums while in office like the Indonesia president that is a joke 
 Our presidents could benefit from being so multifaceted. And our voters should be excited to vote no matter what it takes. The citizens of Austin voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst.
 At the white house.
 How do they do that? That does seem American though!
 Well you got me on that one! I had to look it up!  I'm obviously thinking of someone else!
 That is funny!  One thing I find interesting is that everyone always thinks cowboy hats were the most popular hats in the old west, but they were not!
 It's weird you do not hear much about vice presidents playing golf.  It is so strange to imagine that before 1805 the vice president was the runner up in the presidential election.
 He did? didn't he have a country to run lol, 
 Good day. Can you believe only 1 president has has a PHD? I am shocked.
 wow! I thought that position required a lot of education, I guess not.
 Yeah, they are comfortable and convenient. There is a town that prohibits saggy pants
 no that does not justify it in any way. some ancient countries like romans saw pants as a sign of barbarism
 haha there you go. did you know how they designed Aladdin's pants?
 It seems like they were modeled after mc hammer. Do you know mc hammer?
 And too expensive too. Dialing 212 was the fastest one and that is why it was new york's area code
 I guess it had the most people even then. Did you ever use a phone book?
 Yea I guess he has more than Dicaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, and George Lucas, hard to believe
 Yeah I want to know which one it is
 I think about it sometimes.    I know that many Americans are not these days.
 Yeah. Especially among adults under 30. About 40% have no claim to religion!
 Speaking of presidents, did you know that the last US leader to speak a foreign language was FDR!
 Oh wow. I think more presidents should it would be a helpful skill. Trump must be the wealthiest president. The top 3 richest are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Presidents are generally savvy, but not necessarily intelligent.     The only US president with a PhD is Woodrow Wilson.
 Wow. I agree with what you said. It varies by country though like the Indonesian president who released 3 pop albums in office!
 That certainly isn't something Abraham Lincoln would've done!    He was the first US president photographed at his inauguration.
 Oh wow. Cameras must have been revolutionary. Was he a republican? He must have been because there hasn't been a Republican president without a beard!
 Yeah a very conservative old school name. The red and blue colors to represent the parties didn't start until 2000!
 It is amazing how things change.    Hillary Clinton was president of the young Republicans in college.
 True.    Even Ayn Rand was on Social Security and Medicare.
 Of course, losing the popular vote means little, as 5 presidents were elected while losing amongst the people.
 No I don't like that idea. I know that they did it that way in the USA before 1805, but I just see that creating drama. imagine today with President Trump and Vice President Clinton, just a nightmare
 Haha, well it would be interesting for me to watch but I don't think it would be a good idea.
 Yes I agree with you there. I also don't think presidents should make pop albums, but I guess the one in indonesi did, he made three!
 Haha I guess they can if they want. I'm bald so I wear a hat almost all the time, it's weird that back in the wild west the bowler hat would have been the most popular hat, and not the cowboy hat
 Until 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat in the house of commons when making a point of order.
 Haha that's funny. Also funny is that they passed a law to limit the length of hat pins, they thought that women who are voting could use them as weapons, but this was back in 1908
 I think so. I think I've seen in movies anyway haha. Have you? I guess it was based on a conical hat that was worn at parties to induce foolish behavoir?
 Yeah I think I have only seen it in movies as well. And tipping of the hat comes from knights raising face visors to show that they were friendly
 Yeah, from graduation, to religion to professions, they have a lot of uses.
 That's pretty cool. I'm married so it is of no use to me. Did you know New York's area code is 212 because this was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 That's funny! I've never used one before. The cables carrying phone and internet data across the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter and lay on the ocean floor. 
 LOL. It is impossible to separate two phone books that have their pages overlapped together. 
 That's pretty crazy! That's not a lot of computing power for the deterrent system then!
 That is scary. Unicef donates a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.
 That's interesting. I saw that a D.C. judge once sued a dry cleaning business for the loss of a pair of pants. 
 haha I bet! It said he sued them for over $67 million. 
 That make sense because they look similar. It was good talking to you!
 i know, that still continues to amaze me. I cannot picture the tough-guy rapper playing the Mouse King.
 hi I'm good, did you know that Bruce Lee was an accomplished dancer? He won a cha cha championship haha
 haha it could be, I dated a ballerina and she had great footwork but messed up toes, professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week
 ah ya well he was a great dancer, and ya he has a patent on that leaning device he used for his signature move
 yeah they did, back in 1975, they did it because soldiers couldn't get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms
 ya I agree, did you know it's legal to put a flame thrower on your car in south africa?
 Good morning. Do you watch the Oscars? I'm still surprised that Walt Disney has the record for most won by a man.
 interesting, the movie Blazing saddles has been nominated for 3 Oscars 
 i would agree, the Oscars themselves were nominated in 2013 for 9 emmys
 and he has more then Decaprio, Will Smith and Bill Murray to name a few. 
 Winning best actor is an accomplishment, but winning 3 times like Daniel day-lewis is amazing. 
 I dont know either, lets talk about entertainment next, Caesar noted in Britain that people bred chickens for entertainment not food
 54 colors was all that Nintendo could display when it came out
 In japan it was I dont remember when it was discontinued in the US
 i am a fan of the Simpsons also, talking about television, Ringo starr narrated Thomas the tank engine at least 52 times
 interesting, there have been a lot of pokemon episodes made, over 750 total 
 That 70's show was cancelled in the UK after only 10 episodes 
 I can understand that, it was called 'days like these' , maybe that was a factor also 
 No, I did not know that. Is that the same person behind Mercedes Benz?
 I heard that it is because cars used to have wooden trunks on the back! I wonder if those were very early model cars. It's surprising that before the model T, just over a century ago, people used horse drawn carriages.
 I didnt know that, I have to check that fact I will have to check my dog like right now and see if its true
 I didn't know that before today, but it makes sense given their affection for humans.  Humans have been breeding dogs for millennia, so it would make sense that someone bred dogs along the way to understand pointing, probably for hunting purposes.
 Yeah, on a lighter note, do you know the show the Simpsons?  Well there is only one episode were Bart neither appears, nor is mentioned, Crazy train!
 That makes sense, I only remember him at the power plant though.  The Simsons crew sent south park flowers when it aired it's family guy episode, isn't that funny.
 Or one could perceive it as sticking it to the Family Guy show.  HaHa!  I don't know if you like pokemon, but I can't believe there is over 750 episodes of that show, that's a lot of tv.
 Hi, Did  you know that Paul Ryan tried to fire the Jesuit priest as the white house chaplain?
 I did hear that.  And his Chief of Staff, Burks, said it might be time to have a non-Catholic chaplain. Wow.
 I don't even know what other political parties there were long ago. they did have a different system for The Vice President though, it was the runner up.
 Yes the three most wealthy were Jefferson, Washington, and JFK, pretty crazy huh? Trump is not even in the top three
 No I agree with you. But I bet that the guy who is president of Zimbabwe, president banana, is Rich. You have to be rich to have a name like that LOL
 No hats for me lol but I am balding quickly as well. LOL
 Haha I agree with you. Did you know that British politicians wore a weird top hat, that was until 1998, not that long ago
 That is funny and it was outlawed. Do you ever tip your head by the way? Apparently that is done by knights, in the old days, and they would do that with their visors to show friendliness
 That is awesome!  I love dogs - they could drink the water with the underside of their tongue!
 Well this act was established in 1912, pretty old, but what I found funny is that the Loch ness monster is one of the protected species!
 Did you know that it's legal in South Africa to equip your car with flame throwers in order to prevent car jacking?
 That's crazy! We rely on cars so much-there are over 1.25 billion vehicles in the world.
 1.25 billion. That's a lot. The trunk is called that because original cars actually used to have wood trunks on the back.
 I wish I was good at the video game Turismo, because then I could become a professional racecar driver like Jann Mardenborough. He beat 90,000. I don't think I'll ever be that good though.
 That's a pretty interesting career story!
 Right!? And did you know that McDonald's added the drive thru in 1975 for soldiers who weren't allowed out in their fatigues?
 Exactly. Maybe that's why 212 is NY's area code. It's the fastest number to dial.
 It's surprising to think that fully automated switching systems started in the early 1900s.
 I know. And an iPhone has more computing power than the US Nuclear ICBM deterrent. 
 That is very hard to fathom. Maybe we should step away from our cell phones though. Apparently Unicef will donate clean water to a child who needs it for every minute you don't use your cell phone.
 Yeah, apparently a lot of parents let their teens feel freedom for the night and wait for them in the parking lot.
 I can't believe some people make eight hour long trips just to get to the concerts.
 Nor do I. I'd do that only for the Beatles.
 hey did you know that teh president of Japan is a scientist! thats crazy
 wow that is interesting, and ya Akihito who is the emperor still publishes papers today
 that is crazy! what a genius, do you know Harvard? Well I guess they stored a GIF of a galloping horse in some bacteria's DNA for some reason ahha
 ya that would have been an interesting time to live, kind of like the highest scoring football game which was 222-0!
 that is a great invention, do you like the patriots? they ahve a player that has never fumbled the ball
 ha that's a good question, libraries are very important and it's good to know that a man used a library to prove his innocence and then became a lawyer
 haha well definitely if you do that write a childrens book, they buy 1500 copies if thats the case!
 Good morning! Did you know the emperor of Japan is a scientist who still publishes paper? That's pretty cool, I think. 
 Definitely not. Believe it or not, only one scientist has ever walked on the moon. 
 Seems like someone would have to score ever couple of minutes -- so I guess it depends on who you were rooting for. 
 Agreed. Did you know that patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled his entire career? That's impressive. 
 Cool. 14 of the world's 25 biggest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
 yes, sorry. The huge flags they have at football stadiums weigh 1100 pounds. They cost $50,000 to manufacture.
 I am not sure. I wonder if the high school football stadium in Allen, TX has one. It cost $60 million to build so they might have invested in a big flag too.
 As Americans we really take football seriously. The highest paid in the US Department defense are three football coaches from services branches.
 I sometimes borrow DVDs from the library as well as books. Many public libraries in the US also have video games to attempt to lure teens into the library. Apparently it was worked and more teens are actually checking out books.
 I'm glad we have access to so many libraries. Didn't used to be the case. UK Prime Minister William Gladstone founded a public library at age 85. He hauled his 32,000 books over 3/4mile with a wheelbarrow.
 Hey there, I really love Disney films. I watch a lot of tv actually.
 Im surprising wreck it ralph took over 30 years!
 Im surprised it took that long!
 Me too, a little behind the times for being so advanced. I like to watch South Park and the Simpsons. DO you like Bart?
 Noway, oh wow, thats cool. They had him in all but one. The kids show Thomas the Train has a lot of movie stars do the voices and I recently heard that Ringo Starr was on there.
 Yeah, that was an over achiever for sure,lol. I like playing Nintendo and was learning that in 2003 Japan discontinued the system.
 I am very surprised it lasted so long. It only displays 54 colors!
 Wow, only 54? The modern game is video entertainment but the 50bc form of entertainment was breeding chicken for fun and for entertainment. 
 Federal rules do not allow non-essential individuals to work for government without pay. The government is responsbible for civilian jobs in the washington area with weeekly pay.
 Their payroll is $777M and the military accounts for 64,500 jobs worth $122M in weekly payroll & Benefits.
 Kind of seems like a way to circumvent the law but who am I to disagree.
 Maybe he could fund the government. He created bookerly font to read on the kindle.
 They hold a patent on 1-click buying and apple pays them a licensing fee.
 The A and Z in Amazon mean they have everything from A to Z
 Did you hear that Disney wants to buy 21st Century Fox?
 wow that is impressive, have you shown your granddaughters the old disney movies? apparently disney reused a lot of frames of animation during the 70's which made scenes in some of their movies exactly the same
 oh wow that would have been cool! do your grandkids ever play with disney toys btw? apparently the toy industry gets involved with Disney before the movies even begin to be made which is scary to me
 wow thats crazy! I'll have to remember never to grab too many balloons I don't want to float away! did you see frozen though? apparently that was the first animated disney movie directed by a woman which is interesting
 ya I did like that movie, also have you seen wreck it ralph? that movie was in development since the 80's which is incredible
 I wonder why he put it on a mountain though,  what is the significance of that lol 
 About $28 and they got a building name after them!  That is awesome!  
 That is great!  Daily excersise and getting paid lol
 I think that is really neat that Amazon has a contract with the post office to deliver on sundays!  that is really helpful for everyone. 
 Yes,  and they create so many jobs!  Like Amazon seller!  Now business owners dont even have to have a store front or website just pay Amazon some fees!  or they have Amazon flex for delivery drivers that have flexible schedules1
 I didn't realize IMDB is owned by Amazon!  how cool I use that app all the time to look up movies lol 
 Do you listen to the radio?
 Yep I agree. Have you ever been to the Amazon site that sells like new items with a discount? Apparently it is separate from Amazon but also owned by them
 Yep I agree. I can't believe that Amazon has a patent on 1-click buying , and Apple pays a licensing fee to use it on their devices, you wouldn't think that that should be patentable
 No I don't either haha. I also don't understand how a ventriloquist Act was popular on the radio in the 1930s, like how did people get the ventriloquist Vibe through the radio LOL
 Yep exactly! Did you ever listen to Hanson back in the day? Apparently they became the most requested artist in Chicago recently on an alt-rock radio station
 Did you know that Bezos built a clock into a mountain?!
 Wow that seems like a ton of walking. I imagine their warehouses are gigantic though. It is crazy to think that this well known company started as a bookstore. 
 I didn't know that, was it a fairy tale? Either way, it is worth watching. I have gotten my nieces frozen toys for Christmas. Did you know that the toy industry gets involved in Disney animations before the beginning of film production?
 I don't, but I know it was on a while ago. The Simpsons has seemingly been on forever. Just like Pokemon, which has over 750 episodes. 
 I couldn't believe it was formed in 1994!
 Yeah it is crazy to think that the giant online retailer we all love started out as a simple online bookstore. 
 It's also the largest internet retailed in the world by revenue and market capitalization. That's crazy!
 Have you seen early pictures of him and pictures today? He seems to have changed a little...
 Best investment ever! Imagine having to walk 7 to 15 miles a day in their warehouses. Man!
 I agree.  Did you ever play Nintendo?  It could only display 54 colors.  Man we have come a long way!
 Caesar reported that people bred chickens for entertainment in Britain.  How crazy is that?
 Bill Nye the science guy got his break in entertainment because he looked like steve martin.  
 Hi, I like it a lot actually, its crazy that Frozen was the first Disney film directed by a woman though.
 I have seen that yes, and apparently it was in development since the late 80's, crazy!
 ya that is too bad, but that is a long time, better than the Romans without videogames, back then they used Chickens for entertainment!
 that is crazy, I never noticed as a kid, did you ever watch the Bill Nye show as a kid?
 yup, which I can see the resemblance, did you hear Ronald Reagan was told that he din't have "that presidential look" once haha
 I have seen the simpsons, I guess there is only 1 episode where bart doesn't appaer and also isnt mentioned whatesoever
 I did not know that. He owns quite a lot. Did you know Disney used a special camera to make older films like Bambi more realistic? 
 I wasn't aware of that, but I do love the old Disney movies, like Bambi.
 That's quite impressive.  My grandsons love Baymax in Big Hero 6.
 Yea that is impressive. It would take 9.4 million balloons to lift Carl's house in the Disney movie "Up".
 Wow, that's pretty funny.
 I bet they did too. It's hard to believe how far technology has advanced, but did you realize the Nintendo entertainment system could only display 54 colors? And now look at the video games we have around.
 Yes, video games have advanced quite a bit technologically over the past couple of decades. 
 I read somwhere that the Nintendo entertainment system was finally discontinued in September of 2003 in Japan.
 I watch a few shows, not many.  I was shocked to find out that George Carlin, Ringo Starr, and Alec Baldwin had all narrated at least 52 episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine, the children's show.  
 I can't believe the Simpsons has been going on for 30 years now. I don't know if they will ever end it. 
 What's really hard to believe is that is only one episode that doesn't mention Bart and he doesn't appear.  Out of all those episodes, just one.  That's wild.
 That's just wild for sure. It was good talking to you!
 Very good. Bezos build a clock into a mountain that can run for 10,000 years.
 That's a lot of walking. I saw Amazon also owns IMDB.
 I would love to hear that. In Canada, all radio stations must play 40% of the Canadian music. Weird law I think.
 I have not heard of it. I would like to find it though. Soldiers in WWII made radios using pencils and razorblades.
 Haha. The government owns 86% of the land in Nevada.
 Yeah, and the also wasted money buying the Eiffel Tower from a French dude impersonating a representative of the French government.  The best and the brightest... 
 That's hilarious! I can't imagine doing that. 
 This is ironic, Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role because he did not have a presidential look.
 I guess so. It's interesting how people got started in entertainment. like Bill Nye winning a steve martin lookalike contest
 Even the Simpsons were funny. There was an episode where Bart was not even there.
 I thought The Simpsons would make way more episodes than Pokemon. They both just keep going and going.
 So is  Bart lol. I use to like that 70s show, it's funny they had a UK version called days like these that only lasted 10 episodes
 That's cool. Speaking of disney, Frozen was directed by a woman.
 I'm surprised that was the first disney movie to be directed by a woman considering how many movies disney has made since it was founded in 1923
 Yea I've heard of that too. I didn't know Wreck-it-Ralph started development in the 1980s
 I do! Lion King is my favorite. Did you know that it was the first Disney film to be dubbed into Zulu for it's African release?
 Yeah that is kinda wild that it took that long. 
 I will too. I didn't know this, but the development of Wreck-It-Ralph started in the late 1980s, and had four working titles. 
 Yeah, it probably made it a lot better. Did you know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated Thomas the Tank Engine? That's pretty cool!
 I do. I love South Park and The Simpsons. Did you know there's only one episode where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned?
 I did, I'm somewhat of a Simpson's geek. I've seen almost every episode. I'm not a big fan of Family Guy because of how much they steal from The Simpson's.
 There are over 750 episodes! That's way more than I thought possible. 
 That's crazy. What is that like 50 a year for 16 years?
 I am. I heard that he got his break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest. I can't unsee that now!
 That's so odd. I don't think he looks anything like him. 
 No, I mean, beyond even sports!  They have fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee.  I heard that I was like, "Say whhhat?"
 Oh, but it continues!  There's also a Fantasy Congress.  Supposed draft members and get points based on legislative success... (guessing like what bills get passed and stuff...)
 It was this 15,145 page fantasy manuscript a janitor with no art training made.  It had 300 watercolor illustrations.  It's quite a fascinating story
 I am not sure that my timid body would be inspired but I get it. So many people need an adrenaline rush. But that is just not me.  
 I can see that with how many people have allergies to cats. Some dogs in Moscow have even been trained to use the subway
 Nice, I heard that dogs are actually not colorblind but actually can not see as many diff colors as humans! That stinks
 I am not sure! But did you know that elephants and dogs are the only animals who instinctively understand pointing? 
 I know! If you are going to call anyone in the new york area the area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary. 
 No I did not. Wow! I wonder what that sounds like?
 Such a good program. I'm amazed at how far we have come in the radios since I was a kid. It used to be just a box with dials and now I can pick up Jupiter's storms with a radio app. 
 I'm surprised it didn't win as many awards as something more folksy like the one for o brother where are thou
 Yeah either way, radio dramas are still considered a mode of performance and a genre of poetry, do you like poetry?
 I'm impartial to poetry, I like reading novels fiction and nonfiction more. I also enjoy soundtracks, Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack, as if he wasn't talented enough already.
 Yes I couldn't' agree more! Like the movie Frozen, that is an epic soundtrack but don't think it has beaten the soundtrack to O' Brother, Where art thou?" which has been certified platinum 8 times!
 Oh ok! Well that was embarrassing haha. It's interesting to read about how all these celebrities dabbled into their careers, like Micahel Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls were in drama class. I think that totally paid off and is a great motivator.
 Haha, thanks but to turn down movies like Jim Carrey did because his belief system prevents him from movies that don't project positivity, that takes a lot of gut
 Oh man, did you know dogs have 12 different blood types?
 Wow that's crazy. I did not know that! I saw that dogs and elephants are the only animals to instinctively understand pointing.
 Haha yea it's pretty cool they can understand that. Dogs are not color blind either. 
 They can actually see as many different colors as humans!
 That's really good. 
 That's a good idea. It says they do it in exchange for plastic bottles. Good way to help the environment.
 That would help reduce pollution.
 Google states in  their code of conduct that they are a dog company!
 I did see that. Do you like cats? 
 ah that is interesting, ya they came from wolves and theyve been around humans so long that they are finely attuned to human emotions
 wow thats crazy, I like that Russia has a tomb on the unknown dog, that is nice of them to honor dog research subjects
 haha thats a good idea, weird that Dogs can learn a thousand words and are better at reasoning that chimpanzees
 that is crazy, I love that dogs drink on the bottom of their tongue, that is so different from us
 ya I guess they just see more limited colors, its cool that dogs are smart enough to use the subway ssytem in russia, I cant even do that
 ha funny, and he hasn't made 3 pop albums like the president of Indonesia
 no funny, west has done everything though, rapper, writer, producer, designer
 Do you own his shoes?
 no, i did hear bush put solar panels back on the white house, wonder if the twins houses have them
 definitely, not thinking about the future they still use floppy disks
 lol, maybe they are either too lazy, or anything new is too easy to hack, what do you think? It was nice chatting with you!
 No, I didn't know that, but now I read some where that it is legal to prevent carjacking.
 You kidding, have you heard their rap album, If you have how did it sound? Did you understand what they were saying? 
 Me too, I'd like to just be able to travel around the world listening to good music.  I read somewhere that Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompeii.. with no audience.
 On a different note, did you realize that the Mcdonald's drive thru wasn't added until 1975? It was added to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
 Yeah, I would have thought it was invented way back in the 1950s, though.  1975 seemed kind of late, but look at how the drive thru has changed the world of fast food.
 That is very true.  I read somewhere that it is legal to equip your car with flamethrowers in South Afric to prevent carjacking.  Isn't that wild?
 Very true.  It would sure come in handy in traffic, though.  I'd have me one mounted on my trunk and blow flames every time someone got too close to me. Lol
 Oh You play ? That's so cool, just like a hobby or maybe in the band ?
 I don't like much Beatles stuff or Grateful dead. Don't know why. They said they didn't let the soldiers get out of the car with their uniforms. Maybe protests?
 Speaking of attacking people. In South-Africa it is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.
 Not too long ago. My source says be became a Professional Race Car driver after that. But I fly flight simulators and you take chances cause you don't really die. He won't get that option any longer.
 20 years?! When did they sleep? Did they have special drugs or something?
 Those kids were possessed! How could they do that? Oh, to be young again!
 Good morning. Do you watch football? Did you know the the university of Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink?
 I did not know that. Former Patriots RB geen-ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 I would have to look that up  did you know that the Packers are the 3rd oldest franschise in the NFL
 I don't think many can. The first team to ever beat the green bay packers was a team called the beloit fairies.
 Did you know the highrd game scored was 220-0
 Do you like fantasy football? Did you know people fantasy draff the spelling bee?
 Yes, I just learned about that recently! There is also a Fantasy Congress!
 Talking about fantasy. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy
 Hey did you know that there's an actual fantasy congress? Players draft members of congress and points are based off legislative success.
 Haha yeah. I'll stick with football. Do you like fantasy books? There was a janitor who wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript.
 I do like football. I follow the NFL and look forward to the upcoming season.  Did you know there was a player on the Pats who never fumbled in his whole career?
 Even more impressive, the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0.
 I would do that for the Packers haha. I can't knock them too much, they've sold out every game since 1960.
 Which is very interesting since they are the only one that is a not for profit franchise in American professional sports.
 Agreed! Well I enjoyed the chat. Have a great day.
 It is so different since then!! I do not even know who is a professional bowler!
 hey did you know that the seahorse is the only fish that is designated to have a neck?
 lol Ok good I'll have to keep that in mind if I'm ever stung, what is crazy is how freshwater fish get water through their skin while saltwater fish drink water from their mouths, I wonder why there is a difference like that
 I didn't know that, that is crazy, also crazy is that in wwii people were able to make a radio out of a pencil and razorblade, like how did that work?
 hmmm I'll watch it then, did you know that Canada requires by law that 40% of all radio music be of Canadian origin?
 That is true! It is surprising that seahorses are the only ones to have a neck!
 They are kind of standing in water, turning your neck could be useful , to see predators from afar. The jellyfish is also special, one breed of jellyfish is immortal. 
 Oh wow. I could hear my Universities when scanning the radio stations in my car. The students could still test that result that the soldiers used to see if it still works
 haha, that would be a good guess
 Good morning!
 Isn't that wild! Scientists are studying it too! 87% of genes that are found in humans are also found in zebra fish.I wonder if they get the common cold?
 Definitely not, but many children survived things that aren't even a problem anymore. They also didn't have the Internet, and thus were more active
 I can see that, I've heard there is actually measurable addiction from clicking links on the Internet.
 I've heard it compared to the affects of crack or meth. Internet connection nowadays is very fast, and yet the International Space Station has faster connection
 Yeah it's crazy the places that have solid Internet, even the top of Mount Everest has good service,
 They're probably more smart and efficient too. Only 7% of humans actually read online terms and service.
 As it probably should be too. Sometimes I wonder if we'd be better without it. The library of Alexandria has a copy of the entire Internet.
 With how addicted people are to it, it's hard to say. It has its uses too. I remember back when I used to spend a lot of time on Neopets. Apparently it was very popular in 2001 since it was the fourth most trafficked website
 I don't really listen to the radio much. There's a station that lets you listen live to the sun's music through translated solar activity
 That seems impossible, but then again it eminds me of how Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up by an AM radio.
 I wonder what that would sound like if it were translated. Back in the 1930s, a ventriloquist act was one of the most popular radio shows, which doesn't make much sense to me
 Yeah I wonder what the appeal was with that. Radio shows are simpler than we think maybe. Soldiers in WWII made radios using a razorblade and pencil.
 I wonder how good the sound was. Back in 1948, it's estimated that more than half of radio time was filled with Bing Crosby recordings
 Interesting. When a Chicago radio station didn't reveal the name of the band, a Hanson song became the most requested track
 That's funny! Probably wouldn't happen in other places. In Canada, at least 40% of all music played has to be Canadian.
 Believe it or not JFK, Jefferson and Washington were all wealthier Trump. Pretty crazy right?
 I wonder, I head they have released 3 albums while in office. 
 Not a huge Simpsons fan. I don't know why they need a network that plays just reruns of the Simpsons!
 Hello,  not really.  Do you?  I heard the average age viewer was 68 years old.  
 I agree, who hasnt heard of the Simpsons before, I just love that family and I didnt know that, seems like Bart is the one that gives the show essence.
 Wow! thats a fun fact worth remembering, I bet it got more votes than some politicians, but I do vote, I think its important to do so.
 Yeah, people vote for crazy things sometimes like the people of Austin, Texas, they vote to have their garbage dumps renamed after Fred Durst.
 Oh I see, well returning to the topic did you know that astronauts are actually able to vote even from space!
 Sometimes but I try to avoid it because it is mostly depressing. Did you know Fox news discussed possibly making a channel that would only air the Simpsons?
 Apparently they are the highest paid state employees in 39 states.
 I found the percent of airtime for opinion on msnbc and fox news surprising. I thought it would have been reversed.
 It is cool that astronauts vote from space!
 It is also amazing that not all men in the UK had the vote until 1918.
 OMG, that is hilarious. I couldn't handle that. 
 I love football and baseball the most. Did you know Antarctica has a disc golf course?
 Did you know there is a golf course in Australia that has a group of bull sharks living in one of its water hazards?
 Yes lol. The US military operates 234 golf courses worldwide at a cost of $140,000,000 per year.
 Yea I agree. The United States has more golf courses than the rest of the world combined.
 That's interesting. Until 1978, tennis players were allowed to use any object as a racket. 
 HAHA. Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined.
 Yeah cars have a great history. Also it's interesting how the name Cadillac came about, it was from the Discover who discovered Detroit, his last name is Cadillac
 Haha the Lego push button sound sounds cool. I only use a cell phone myself, it is funny though how New York got its area code due to the rotary phone though
 Is pretty cool. I also think it's cool how UNICEF will donate clean water for every minute you don't use your cell phone, since I don't use my phone 24 hours a day I should be doing that to get these kids some water
 Haha yeah that's a good point. I think you could do a lot more good with that, what is crazy is that your cell phone actually has more computing power than the nuclear missile deterrent system
 Wow that is crazy and also really scary, so I have more power in my pocket than the one the nuclear deterrant has
 Agreed haha. The trunk of the car is named as such because it used to be a wooden trunk!
 Oh very cool. Hard to believe the drive thru was invented back in 1975! Thank you McDonalds!
 They have! I believe Netflix takes up over 30% of bandwidth! Wow, that is a lot. Netflix and Youtube make up around half of internet traffic!
 That makes sense considering they discontinued the DVD program.   Most internet bandwidth is paid for by the consumer.  That's a boon for them considering they consume 33% of the internet bandwidth between 9PM and 12AM.
 Wow! They are definitely making a killing. The founder actually started when he got a crazy late fee from the video store. He's come a long way. 
 Basically, have an old news TV channel for historical content.  That's an interesting concept.  Have you upgraded to ultra-HD TV yet?
 Quite! I love PBS and the British Dramas. Thomas is a great show for sure, but did you know they tried to remake That 70's Show for British audience? It did not work! 
 Yes, I do and I can't believe Megyn Kelly had the audacity to ask Jane Fonda such a blunt question of telling her to admit on TV that "she's had work done", how would you feel if you were in that situation?
 Oh ok, they definitely needed a new one, maybe if they incorporated the story of racking up exorbitant fees by returning VHS tapes late to Blockbuster and leading to the creation of a wildly successful streaming site, then that would've garnered more views.
 I do as well! I was surprised to learn that 20% of the bandwidth in north america between 9pm-12am is used on netflix- that's a lot higher than I thought.
 Hard to believe that failed 10 episodes in while Pokemon has filmed over 750 episodes which is basically 50 episodes for 16 consecutive years. 
 That and they actually spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth. Can you believe that? Like, how is that possible? Ha!
 Well it's crazy to think a $40 VHS late fee inspired Reed Hastings to start Netflix. Where would we be today had that not happened? Ha!
 That makes more sense... I have questioned that for a long time.
 My thoughts exactly. This has to be one of the worst business moves in history!
 Think about it: we could be saying Blockbuster and chill instead...
 I didn't know that there are more international subscribers than American subscribers - that, too, is very surprising!
 Hard to believe that there is only one episode in the Simpsons where Bart doesn't appear or is mentioned. There must be close to 1,000 Simpson episodes, maybe more
 Maybe in one of the weird Halloween episodes, but yeah, you're right - hard to imagine Homer not appearing in an episode!
 I agree.  They haven't completely eclipsed HBO, but they definitely put themselves in front of nominations.
 I guess if you put a lot out, something is bound to be good.  Can you believe that between 9pm and 12am, Netflix accounts for one third of all North American bandwidth?
 I wonder how they measure that ?
 movie rentals ? Is that who founded Netflix? 
 ...and they wanted to buy out Netflix ?
 No I don't think they got the humor. I'm shocked that yes 3rd Rock won the Golden Globe, I personally like Seinfeld friends and Fraser even more than 3rd Rock
 Yes I watched from time to time. I can't believe there are 60 million subscribers in the United States alone! That's insane
 I heard about that, apparently it costs 20 times more to mail out a DVD than just to stream it LOL those poor people that still get DVDs in the mail
 Yep they sure did, originally they could have bought them for only $59 and imagine that now Netflix is worth two billion LOL
 Yes I think Disney is coming out with their own version of Netflix actually. They are going to keep all of their shows exclusive to their platform. I don't think anyone is clamoring for Lillehammer, which was the first exclusive show Netflix produced, but they will be clamoring for Marvel movies
 There's also still a Blockbuster in Brazil, believe it or not!
 Is there really? I know they declined to buy Netflix, which would have saved their business.
 Wholly Molly! That is a lot, do you know why? 
 Cool, his dominant use of the dunk, got it banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 They'd be shocked for sure.  Did you the know the Supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor and it's known as the highest court in the land?
 Probably if the notorious RBG aka Ruth Bader ginsberg will fall and break her hip.  Sorry, I know I'm terrible.
 Amen, you never know if you'll encounter a snowflake or two.  Lol  Do you realize the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks"?  How in the world is that allowed?
 And yet here in America, we can't even honor the indians by using a smiling one as the mascot for the Cleveland Indians. It's a good image, he's smiling, happy, and has all his teeth.  What's not to like about it, but oh, it's racist.  That's a bunch of BS.
 Yeah, I watch and play.  I'm no good, but I keep trying.  I read somewhere that golf courses in America make up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware, combined.
 Haha you're probably right. I don't like that golf courses use so much water per day almost 300,000 gallons per course seems like a lot
 Yes you're right. there are a lot of golf courses thought. apparently all of the golf courses in the United States would take up both Rhode Island and Delaware put together
 Yes I think even Michael Jordan played golf right? What do you think about Samuel L Jackson? He has a clause in all of his contracts that allowed him to play golf twice a week
 Yes I don't have cable either. did you know that the dunk was banned in college basketball for over a decade?
 ah, ya I think golf is boring haha, but it is interesting that Antarctica has disc golf, have you played that?
 no I didn't I only heard he played baseball, also that the USA has more golf courses than the rest of the world combined apparently
 Wow, did you know that there is a golf coarse in Dubai that uses 4,000,000 gallons of water a day, just a tad excessive.
 ya that is a waste, also a waste that the military runs over 200 golf courses worldwide to the tune of 140 million dollars every year
 ya that is very silly, did you know that the YMCA invented both basketball and volleyball?
 You don't say. I did not know that. In 39 of the 40 states the highest paid state employee is a college football or basketball coach,
 that is wild, also wild that vasectomies go up during march madness haha
 Weird, Did you know Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's overuse of the slam dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over ten years?
 haha I heard about that, seems crazy to outlaw the move, also crazy is Shaq only made 1 3pt shot in his whole career
 Interesting. Did you know the supreme court building has basketball court on the top floor? They call it the highest court in the land, lol.
 Lol, that would be a sight to see. New Zealand had a national basketball team, there nick name is the "tall blacks"
 well I have seen the show shark tank, apparently most deals from teh show actually don't go through in real life
 ya I remember seeing that, also I remember that homer had about 188 different jobs in the first 400 episodes which is crazy haha
 Basketball isn't too bad... do you know they have a basetball court in the Supreme Court building?  The call it "the highest court in the land".  Wonder who they get to play there?
 Criminals vs Judges would be rather interesting!  LOL.  Speaking of high things, they say in 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.  Man, I picked the wrong profession!  :)
 Well, knowing how to play and being able to play isn't always the same thing.  I can tell you all the moves of chess, but there's not a lot of people I could beat!  
 Oh, yeah, especially in Dubai!  The golf course there requires 4 million gallons a day!  I bet a lot of it evaporates in the heat!
 I've read about this guy who's a diver for golf courses, he finds lots of balls (sometimes even entire sets of clubs!) when he goes down into the water!
 Actually he cleans them and resells them to various golf shops.  Sounds like a neat way to make money.  
 Did you know That 70's Show was remade in the UK?  It was cancelled after 10 eps though...
 They called it Days Like These.  Neatly enough, The Office is also based on a UK show of the same name.   It's had better luck though.
 Yea and the President's guest house is larger than the actual white house
 LOL  I think I remember a few years ago Keith Richards fell out of a coconut tree when he was trying to get one.  
 I do not really use facebook that much.  But most everyone uses it at least a bit.
 It is hard to believe that they almost called the like button the "awesome" button.  Does not really have the same ring to it
 Yes you are right, they don't make that much, I didn't know Insects considered animals.
 That's true in germany a person will serve jail time for failing to yield the right away for animals.
 It's pretty catchy but rough lyrics.  Before he became a rapper, eminem's true dream was to become a comic book artist. his favorite superhero was spider-man.
 Haha, that's neat.
 it is pretty crazy, all sorts of movies get nominated too. Even Blazing Saddles got 3 nominations! shockingly
 yea he won a lot of awards. Its funny that the Oscar ceremony was nominated for Emmys in 2013, i didnt know that was possible
 Yeah that definitely seems like a conflict of interest lol! I also find it interesting how people you wouldn't expect would be good actors. Like the rapper Eminem who won more oscars than Dicaprio, Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas, and bill murray combined!
 Yeah true. It's amazing how far the phone has come. The iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 Interesting. I definitely love the technology we have today. I have a friend overseas I can call anytime. All thanks to a 2.7 inch cable running along the ocean floor! Crazy.
 Good question. I remember when phonebooks were a useful thing. Not anymore. Apparently it is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together.
 haha yeah he is a beast! I don't think he will ever win an Oscar-his movies are more fun/silly. He was good in Fast and Furious though. Which reminds me of having flamethrowers on cars, which is legal in South Africa.
 Wow! Is he Canadian? According to Canadian law,  radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian. 
 Haha! The "awesome" button?! It's crazy to think how common facebook feedback has become. Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook! The public can make suggestions and alterations, right through facebook!
 Wow! I guess that is why at it's IPO in February 2012 it was valued at $104 billion!
 Yes very true. Today though rap is so closely associated with hp hop they almost mean the same thing.
 Yes apparently the top 3 presidents ranked by wealth are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!
 Oh I never knew that interesting. The first president of Zimbabwe was called banana!
 Haha nice nicknames. He only vetoed 2 bills in all 8 years! Great chatting with you as well, have a wonderful day.
 Yep that's true and even Blazing Saddles was nominated for 3 Oscars which is crazy, you would ever see that movie get made anymore, it'd be too controversial
 Yep I agree. It's crazy that the Oscars were actually nominated for Emmys, that seems like it's self-serving almost LOL
 Haha yes! and speaking of Oscar wins, stop how Eminem has more Oscars than Leonardo Dicaprio and Johnny Depp, which is insane to me because I don't think Eminem is that talented for an actor
 Ya cars are interesting and so are laws in different countries, for instance and South Africa you can put a flamethrower on your car LOL
 Yeah I can't believe that the name Cadillac comes from the explorer who discovered Detroit haha! I'll have to keep that in mind
 No I didn't know that. I never tried it though, I also didn't know that an iPhone has more computing power than our nuclear missile deterrent system, that's scary LOL
 I watched a little, I never knew the first reward was given in 1929
 No that's a long time ago. And the first broadcast was on the radio in 1930, definitely before TV haha
 Yes that's very impressive. Also impressive is that over 3000 Oscars have been handed out ever since the Academy Awards started
 Yea and out of all those Oscars Daniel Day-Lewis was the only person to win best actor 3 times
 Yes he's very talented. So is the actor and rapper Eminem, Who somehow has more Oscars than Leonardo Dicaprio and Johnny Depp
 No Walt Disney definitely has the most,  and im even shocked that Blazing Saddles was nominated for 3 Oscars because you would not see that kind of movie made today
 Yea, I never knew Mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975
 Yes they invented it because soldiers couldn't leave their cars while wearing fatigues, I wonder if that rule has changed because I see soldiers in fatigues all the time now
 Yes, through the years I feel like my newsfeed has been taken over my advertisements. 
 I know! They could have bought it for only $75 million!
 Oh wow! That is scary. Did you know the like button is illegal in german state of schleswig-holstein?
 Wow I did not know that! That is very specific. 
 oh I would totally wear that even today! I wonder if its worth any money now
 haha ya I would still ilke to see these colorful clothes they wore though, how come you dont see any pictures of that? haha
 ya golf clothes are always colorful, I don't watch golf though I think 18 holes is too long and boring haha
 yup, and a course in the dubai desert uses 4 million gallons a day, thats insane and dubm
 Wow, no kidding! I guess the green on the Golf course being in a very hot climate would take a lot of water, but that is insane!
 ya, also insane was the babe ruth was a famous golfer, I only knew he played baseball
 Really? Wow, didn't know that...interesting!  Or like Sameuel L Jackson needing a contract during filming that he gets to play Golf twice a week haha, smart.
 haha yeah well played sir, its carzy though how if you add delaware and rhode island together, thats about how many golf courses are in the usa
 Whoa, that is crazy! I didn't know so many people liked golf that much haha, guess it is a money maker too. I wonder why all the presidents like golf so much....I don't have the patience for it lol
 ya I don't like it its very boring, also I never knew that the hole to shoot for is only 4.25 inches in diameter, just seems so small and hard to hit!
 I imagine it is because it has to look perfect! It looks like there is a golf course in North Korea!
 That is so much water!!  Opposite to Dubai, there is also a disc golf course in Antartica!!
 That is cool! Do you know how bulletproof clothing is tested?
 But with employees inside!!! I would never take that job
 Oh, really? That's interesting! So do you like a lot of different types of clothing?
 Oh, cool! I also wear a lot of summer clothing since I live in a hot climate. There's so many types of clothes these days! I heard that Apple used to have a clothing line!
 Oh my, that is a lot of water! Golf courses take up more land than Rhode Island and Delaware combined....so that is a lot of water!
 Wow, that's a lot of money. Really? I guess to release 3 albums he must not have been very busy!  I still find it strange that the guest house at the White House is larger than the White House.
 he actually got in to Harvard Law, but left because he thought it was too boring
 woah really? I wonder if it was because all of the CGI they had to do with the Ark and the flood and all of the animals
 It makes me crazy when a player doesn't reach for the line because it looks so real on the TV.  One thing is for sure, we love our football!  Over half of the world's largest stadiums are for college football teams in the US!
 That would be an interesting meeting. I am not sure if they could be more different.  KISS seems better linked with the Eagles who had their own makeshift court at the stadium for a number of years.
 did you know that fourteen of the 25 biggest stadiums in the world are linked to american football teams
 that's true, I like the group KISS and apparently they bought an area football team
 ya I agree, I wonder if Kiss would paint the locker rooms weird colors? In Iowa the opposing teams locker room is painted permanently pink haha
 Football has come a long way. Bowlers in the 60s used to make more than football players. What?!
 that is wild, also wild that the highest scoring football game was in 1916 with a score 222-0 haha
 haha that is funny, I think it's interesting espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line in football, I've been staring at that all evening haha
 Funny.  Did you know McDonalds payed rappers $5 for everytime they referenced big macs in songs
 Really, do they do compliments?
 No kidding! Even judges can get into it! In 2001, a judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper Eminem!
 Haha! If only they could have seen the future! Did you know that Caesar visited Britain in around 50 BC and discovered that they bred chickens for entertainment! 
 What,2003 seems crazy, that's much longer than I would have suspected, especially with so much competition from Xbox and Playstation! Speaking of Playstation, have you heard of Jann Mardenborough? They became a professional race car driver, when they beat 90,000 people in the Playstation exclusive game, Gran Turismo! Who would have thought!
 Oh yeah, not to mention how reliant the economy became on cars and those who used them! I didn't know about the south-african cars, I wonder why that is? I do know, that in 1975, everyone's favorite fast food place, McDonald's, added drive-thru's to their restaurants to accommodate soldiers who weren't allowed to leave their cars while in uniform!
 Yes. Did you know that in high school he was constantly overshadowed by his sister? She broke 8 national records!
 That's correct. We've come a long way. Did you know it was only discontinued in Japan in 2003?!
 Yeah. There's a history of that happening. I think it happened to 2pac too. And Michael Jackson too.
 Wow. Did you know Canada radio has to play at least 40% canadian music? That's a lot of Celine Dion!
 That's crazy they just used wooden trunks. Apparently it's legal to attach flame-throwers to the back of your car in south Africa? I don't understand how that prevents carjacking, but okay.
 Really?  That would be awesome!  I can see myself punching the button to shoot the flames. I agree with you though. I don't see how it works to stop the carjacking but it is still pretty cool!
 That is so interesting, I always thought it was because it would be more convenient. 
 Wow that is a lot of money for a logo. Did you know corproate sponsors pay $1.12 billion on the NBA last year!?
 They paid $7 million per year just to advertise a dating app!
 I'm sure people looked them up and then decided to sign up. I was unaware of what Qualtrics was. They sponsor the Jazz. Turns out they are an online survey company and you know what once I figured out who they were I started doing surveys for them.
 Yes, I am surprised they are allowed to have that nickname. 
 I loved Tupac. A shame he died so young. 
 Yea that sounds weird. The world's fastest English rapper can rap at a rate of 14.1 syllables per second.
 It says Noclue. Never heard of him before.
 Very cool. I used to watch Rugrats all the time growing up. Did you know there is a deaf rapper named signmark who rhymes in sign language?
 Small enough that the ROI was worth the fine. It's like when Dee Snyder went to talk to the senate. His album sales went up after that!
 I did see her trainer released a book. Seems like an odd thing to do since his client is a Judge.
 Yea I heard he was a big fan of Spider man, Kinda weird cause his music is not so friendly. I remember some radio stations did not want to play his music.
 Speaking of baseball did you know that managers wear the uniform so they can jump into the game if they are needed?
 Ha! yes, seeing that the first area code for New York was 212!
 Hey, back to phones, did you know Unicef will donate water to children in need for every day that you don't lose your cell phone?
 The first sci-fi novel on the reading list of three of the five military branches!
 Yeah, that is amazing!  Or how about that there are cables for phone and internet data that lay on the ocean floor!
 Yeah, the way the world works is so fascinating.  The history behind it is interesting too.  The New York area code was chosen as 212 because that was the fastest number to dial.
 Wint pleaded not guilty saying he was set up.
 It is unfortunate he was caught in the middle of it. Maybe his being home only made the bad guys more confused because they only expected the parents Amy and Savvas to be at home.
 Probably.  On a different note, did you know that it's impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together?
 I don't know.  Good question.  An iphone though has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Wow, that is cool.  In the 18th century there was "moral Panic" due to the spread of reading of novels.
 Who thought is was immoral? today there are places that think reading goes with exercise and have "reading bicycles".
 The factual section 3: Literature appears to have some questionable "facts" in it.
 What are some questionable facts? They seem pretty reasonable-- it's crazy that Terry Pratchett was knighted, but I believe it.
 I'm not sure if we're supposed to mention specifics like that, but I definitely don't have that fact. But if it's true, that's insane (and believable). There's some shady things going on in America... On another note, did you know the man considered to be "the father of modern Olympics" won only one gold medal for a poem he wrote about sports?
 That's fair. But just because something has errors in it doesn't mean it's entirely wrong... It could just be translated or done on purpose. Also, when you read it I assume you read it silently. That's something relatively new-- only really skilled readers in the middle ages could read silently and instead read like young children today-- aloud and sounding the words out so they could understand it.
 It's crazy how far phones have come, the NYC 212 area code was made because it was the fastest to dial on a rotary phone
 Yea, it's crazy how an Iphone uses satelites and towers for calls while older phones would use cables across the ocean floor to call places across the world
 Unicef does that? I've never heard of that, that would be a lot of water donated on my behalf. 
 I wonder why he had no audience.  He could have made tons of money.
 I didnt hear about that competition but it does sound interesting, I wonder who was the champion,
 $300 dollars, woah that seems expensive, still might be worth it, Japan is a country with beautiful landscapes
 The Simpsons are great. Hard to believe only one episode he didn't appear in.
 Wow I didn't know that. Pretty cool they gave them flowers. 
 I know there are a ton because it's been going on for 30 years. Tons of Pokemon episodes too!
 I did not know that about Iceland. I saw air travel is 10% slower than in the 1960's in order to save on fuel costs.
 Wow! I wouldn't have guess that. Everyone seems to want to go faster, faster, faster! In fact, the Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160 mph! 
 I agree. That's a very fast bus!
 Yeah that is a big accomplishment. In Japan it costs $300 travel across the country.
 Yeah I think that is such a step back in time. They only have horse drawn carriages and bikes.
 You're exactly right.  Love fantasy. There's fantasy everything. People even fantasy draft the national spelling bee.
 Yeah isn't it weird how many fantasy leagues there are? I think you can even do the same for members of congress, with Fantasy congress!
 Yes that's a very good point. I feel like some people have those lines blurred. Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature.
 Yes.  I love that Ethiopia has a celebrity chef who believes he can combat hunger by encouraging diverse eating
 Interesting. I forgot Sesame Street had celebrities on it. Of course when I watched I had no idea who those people were!
 Some people must like them. He's made 3 in office so clearly they are doing well.
 Personally I wouldn't believe almost anything we know about Kim Jong Un. They say he learned to drive at 3, how could he even hold the wheel? No information about him is reliable.
 She did play in Wimbledon and in fact won 3 singles titles. With that many wins I'm surprised she isn't brought up more.
 I know the Williams sisters have dominated modern tennis but Bueno own 19 Grand Slam events in various formats and she was ranked first overall in multiple years.
 Yes and it's full of a lot of age old traditions. To compete at Wimbledon you have to basically wear all white. People have been fined and suspended for breaking that rule.
 Yes I remember there being a recent match that went on for a long time. They kept having to suspend the match because it got late in the day. That would be crazy to participate in and watch.
 Very true!  They should name him President Bananas like the president of Zimbabwe!
 Oh yeah, I think they may have. I was remembeing this funny rule the other day, if the opposing team receives three bases if a player catches a baseball in their hat. It is hard to keep up with the sport sometimes.
 That's true. I didn't think about that!  You know, back to table tennis for a moment, I always thought it was called Ping Pong. I had no idea until recently that that was the name of a company!
 Yeah over like 3 days. That's a long match!
 I used to when I was younger! I can't believe there is only one episode where Bart does not appear!
 I used to watch Pokemon too but grew tired of it. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 I heard that he, along with George Carlin and Alec Baldwin, have narrated for at least 52 episodes each.
 Yeah, I watched all the seasons. I might have missed some episodes here and there. It was so good they tried to remake it in UK verbatim. It wasn't the same, I guess, because it failed terribly
 That is a good point and they should. It just amazes me Pokemon has over 750 episodes yet the 70s Show remake only lasted ten episodes. That's a head scratcher!
 I used to watch Pokemon when I was younger. I also watched Thomas the Train. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have all narrated for at least 52 episodes each.
 Oh, what would i do without the internet? Hopefully I won't ever have to be without it. Even if I climb Mt. Everest there is service up there!
 I do, actually! In fact, I watch a lot of stuff about the Canadian rapper, Drake! I also found out he graduated high school at 25 years old. That's unbelievable!
 How's it going? It's crazy how far reaching the internet is nowadays  and is essential for public, academic, business,  and government functioning
 Yes, very upsetting! Do you use the internet a lot? I'm on it daily it seems. I never knew the menu button was called hamburger?
 I do as well. It seems like it runs our lives, especially that hamburger button lol.
 lol, I know, that use to be what was on all the time. Its rare now. I have cable and never watch it.
 Long running show for sure! Do you like Drake? Did you know he graduated high school at 25? Its good he finished, sometimes people don't go back and do that.
 I'm surprised he did, but he was famous at a young age with that show he was in! He made a stop at Drake University too.
 Really, interesting! I think he went in the middle of the night! lol
 Ha ha that is very funny. Country music was originally inspired and derived from Celtic music
 That is very surprising. Cool. NFL players even got in on the action on an album in 1996!
 Yeah and Darius Rucker maybe? I like watching tv sometimes too. I watch SNL occasionally and the weekend update skit is the longest running skit on the show!
 Oh wow I didn't think there was any you such a popular character why would they take them out of an episode? He has held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.
 Yeah I watched it a few times but I can't believe there are that many episodes. Only one of Shakespeare's plays has not been adapted for film or television. His stuff is so popular.
 Did you know myspace turned down $75 million dollars to buy facebook?
 As of 2012 Facebook was valued at 104 billion! 
 In the early 1920s. In 2009 it was the most listened to rush hour radio genre
 The dalton brothers from galveston tx. They opened for U2 in 1982
 How old is willie nelson now a days?
 I am one of the 93%.  You can almost count on them sharing your info to some degree. Did you know there is a 3g cell service at the top of Mt. Everest?  Why?
 Oh, what was I thinking?  It's just that it would get a lot of use would it?  I think it would go over like "The 70's Show" did in the UK.
 I didn't know that, but with it being Christmas, I heard Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas Trees in the White House when he was president.
 That's pretty cool.  Maybe not as cool as Indonesia's president who has released three pop albums while in office!
 What?! The president of Indonesia can sing? I bet he made it a law for everyone to buy an album.
 I don't get out as much as I would like to.  Definitely not as much as Samuel L. Jackson who has a clause in his film contracts that lets him play golf during film production.
 I might want to steer clear, but with as much water a golf course can consume per day, at least it could be cleaned up easily!
 I don't know and hopefully they have a way of making it renewable in some way or that could be a lot of wasted water.
 hey did you know that Babe Ruth was also a famous golfer? 
 ya I think it's boring too, I guess there is a course in Saudi Arabia that needs 4 million gallons of water a day, it seems like a waste
 wow I didn't know that, but I do know that in the USA all the golf courses take up more space than delaware and rhode island combined!
 wow that is scary! speaking of other countries, did you know that the white house has a twin building in ireland and france?
 oh wow thats cool, also cool is that GWB put solar panels on the white house during his term
 haha oh weird, also weird is they still use floppy disks for storing files in the white house, like how outdated is that
 do you know who the top 3 wealthiest presidents were? i'll give you a hint, Trump isn't on the list
 so it was JFK, washington and Jefferson! it must be adjusted for inflation I'd imagine, but still thats crazy
 ya, have you heard of Zimbabwe? I guess his nickname is president banana
 I was reading an article and it stated that our White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France. I thought that was interesting
 wow that's ancient.  I also read that Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the White
 I also heard that the secret service back in 2011 took four days to even realize that a bullet had struck the white house
 wow that is surprising.  I thought this was funny..The first president of Zimbabwe was called president bananna
 hahah. speaking of funny the president of indonesia released 3 pop albumbs while in office. imagine a us president doing that!
 wow exactly thats crazy.  Also golf courses here take up more land space than Rhode Island and delaware combined
 I guess that how they stay so green right?
 I agree haha. Its interesting that the hole or cup for the gulf course is 4.24 inches in diameter. 
 That's true. Gulf is the only ball game that does not utilize a standardize playing area either!
 I find that amazing!  Not what I would have expected at all.  But it is also true that not all wealthy people want to spend their free time chasing down a little white ball.
 That's great.  Do you know the most popular board game is Monopoly?  
 Yes I agree, he's so good he has held opponents to 38% shooting before which is insane
 The one in Canada is the Toronto Raptors right? Interesting that the NBA merged with the NBL back in 1949 too
 I'm an amateur too. It's funny that professionals won't try to do a shot granny style though, it's the most accurate but it definitely looks the dumbest
 No I didn't what happened? I just think it's funny that they banned Air Jordans and then Nike just kept paying the fee so that Michael Jordan could keep wearing them LOL
 Yeah that is a really dumb reason. What do you think about Allen Iverson? I think he's so good at basketball and I'm glad that he makes 800,000 dollars a year just from Reebok alone
 Yes that is very sad. Also sad is that Reggie Miller sister was probably better at basketball van him lol I would be sad if my sister were better than me at a physical sport
 Yep she was amazing! He would come home from school with some record, and she would come home with two or three similar ones LOL
 Hello how are you doing? Do you like basketball? Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba. 
 Yeah me too!  Thats crazy or  that There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music
 no ive never listened to it lol
 Thats interesting!  This one is funny too : A hanson song became a most requested track on a chicago alt-rock radio station because djs did not reveal the band
 seems dangerous.  maybe they are trying to control how the vote comes out lol 
 Thats unfortunate,  I wonder why. In 2000 40 percent of alabamans voted to keep the state's unenforceable ban on interracial marriage
 ya that is crazy, it's not enforceable so I don't see the piont of them continuing to vote for that
 yeah.  its been good talking to you.  Have a great day! 
 I don't believe it counts insects. But yes a lot of zeros. Over 1.5 million living animal species have been described.
 And they have a long history, there are animals on earth since 542 million year ago. 
 That is amazing. They are of all shapes and sizes to ranging in length from 8.5 millionth of a meter to 33.6 m.
 Yeah I love dramas! Aristotles Poetics were actually the earliest work of dramatic theory.
 I have not had the need to rent many cars myself but I feel like I learned a lot of tips from this article
 While I do agree that it is a tough situation, they do outline them in their terms and conditions. I think they should make it clearer.
 I agree that there should be concessions made for something out of the customer's control. It highlights that travel insurance is a very necessary add on.
 That is an interesting and environmentally friendly way to exist. I live in a big city and there are a ton of cars around.
 It makes it easier to pick up food. I imagine there are no McDonald's drive thrus on Makinac Island. The first one went into place back in 1975.
 It would really be something if they had a bike-thru lane on the Island. 
 I'm glad they upgraded from the wooden design. Could you imagine life today using that similar trunk from back then.
 Yeah. If I lived in SOuth Africa I could get flame throwers legally on my car.
 I have seen that before, it's because carjacking is such a prevalent problem.
 Yes I think more parties other than Democrats Republicans would be better. Also maybe not use red and blue so much, although that only started in the 2000's.
 That is strange, in Canada is has been this way since like forever, priests would tell that people who voted red would go to hell. 
 Really? That sounds very authoritative. Every US president with the beard has been a Republican oddly enough.
 Oh wow interesting. I'm not sure I don't think so. It will be interesting to see especially with the Congress currently. Elmo is the only non-human to testify before the US Congress.
 He was hairy, but it does not have a beard. It is funny to think that a woman was elected before she had the right to vote. 
 No I didn't even know they existed. I didn't know there was one let alone three.
 I'm sure it just means you can't mistreat them.  The Scots have something similar for the Lock Ness monster, that might be taking it too far.
 It's amazing that they could pay him so much, you'd never think TV drama could have that kind of money.
 Yes I am over 26 so I can actually Rent A Car, what about you? I don't like Avis charging cancellation fees, $150 is way too much
 Yes I agree! There have been a lot of different ways to listen to music, including the compact disc, mini disc and even audio cassette
 It's funny to think that my MP3 player is smaller than an audio cassette but can hold thousands of albums' worth of music!
 Interesting. It's amazing how many types of animals have evolved too, 7 million species.
 No, I prefer comedy myself. I guess Jim Carrey used to act in dramas but now he doesn't because his belief system prevents him from playing in positive things.
 Yeah I heard he gets $700,000 per episode. I did used to watch House but I got a bit bored of it.
 Wow...did you know why McDonald's initially added drive thru's to their restaurants? 
 Yes exactly!  I think it is so interesting that drive thru's were created just for soldiers to not have to get out in their fatigues. It would be funny to have a wooden trunk now.
 I did not know that Detroit was founded by Antonie de la mothe Cadillac.
 That is crazy! You could probably fly across the country cheaper.  They must have the best roads at that cost.  Have you ever been to Mackinac Island?  I can't imagine an island with no cars or motorcycles.  
 People must really like bikes there. I dont thik they have the best roads, just so many people they have to limit traffic.
 Had no idea they had a king. Explains King's Hawaiian rolls (not really)
 I did not buy that album but I do like Linkin Park.  It is surprising to learn that they have the best selling album since 2000.  It's also surprising to learn that Pink Floyd's dark side of the moon was one of the best selling albums in 2014.  Their music is timeless. 
 Certainly is. I listen to them all the time on the radio/
 I am with you.  I don't know that I will choose a drama, but the wife may have final say.  It's interesting that Jim Carrey won't do dramas now because they don't promote positivity.  It's a little weird, but he was always better in a comedic role.
 Maybe!  Beyond the pretty girls, it can make you a wealthier person as well.  Hugh Laurie was making like $700 K an episode while he starred in House.
 LOL. Despite all this talk about dramas, I bet I will just watch some show about animals.  With over 20 quintillion individual ones on the earth, there is bound to be something interesting!
 Wow!  Unfortunately for that lobster, a lot of the animals it would bring cases against might be long gone!  Also might be tough to get some 110 foot animals in the courtroom.
 Yes and it was actually created for military personnel because they could not get out of their car if they were wearing their uniform for some reason, that rule must havve changed since them
 Yeah that was a long time ago! I also think it's crazy that the reason the trunk of a car is called the trunk is because old cars used to have wooden trunks on their backs LOL
 OMG, lol, I can get a visual of that!! funny, Must have scary drivers their? Tupac's music is in the Library of Congress!
 Yes it was Spider-Man Actually. And when he was in high school he actually wanted to be a comic book artist originally instead of a rapper
 That's right!  A talented artist for sure!! How would you like having your ruling made with a rap song? It happened in Michigan in 2001 with Eminem!
 Wow that is crazy! I wish that they had that on YouTube! Do you ever watch Korean Rap by the way apparently they do something called compliment battles over there
 Yeah I didn't know that either. And I didn't know that they were called The Tall blacks either LOL that name would not fly in the United States.
 Chicago itself had 650 murders in 2017 and they say that number is down.  Scary!  
 Social media also is more prevalent and can cause major disruptions over minor provocations.
 Also they have older mentors for the younger men giving a father figure to many who don't have fathers.
 I did not! I follow shaq closely though and he only had one 3 pointer ever!
 Hard to believe!  To end on a funny note, the us supreme court has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 I've heard of that. I know one of the main people suffered a tragedy that aligned him with the organization.
 Yes. I agree. So, on a more positive note, I am a car buff. I love car facts. I know in 1975 McDonalds added drive-thru to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars wearing fatigues.
 Mine too, and agreed. Did you know the trunk of your car is called so because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back?
 Interesting. Wonder if they got jacked at all? Speaking of carjacking, South Africa you can put flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking.
 I like the brand Cadillac. It was named after the french explorer who founded Detroit.
 I did not know. I do know in 1986 the estimated number of cars on the road was about 500 million. I'm sure plenty were Cadillac. 
 Jann Mardenborough got his break and became a professional race car driver by beating 90000 people in the video game Gran Turismo.
 Yea, apparently Mcdonalds invented the drive thru in 1975, I thought the drive thru existed before then
 I bet your stuff went everywhere... It's probably safer than having a flame-thrower on one's car like if S. Africa.  It's actually legal there to prevent carjacking.
 Rap is definitely international... Korean rappers invented a new freestyle called "compliment battle."
 Yea, I love watching college ball, apparently Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's got the dunk ban in college ball
 Yeah, they get paid a lot at some schools.  Funny, the only losing coach at KU was the guy that invented the game. 
 Must be fiber optic... Did you know that the NY area code is 212 because it was easier to dial with rotary phones?  Is that lazy?
 Yeah, I use it to stay in touch with people.  It has many uses now.  Iceland is using it to re-write their constitution.
 Why would they do that?  Do they hate Zuckerberg?  I guess he suffers from red-green colorblindness.  
 ya I don't mind them, crazy that they played 324 concerts in an entire year, thats almost 1 a day!
 I have facebook but I don't use it much no, what about you, I guess it's valued around 104 billion dollars
 well I think it's because Zuckerberg is colorblind? did you know there's a state in Germany where the like button is illegal?
 why is that? 
 Yeah ok. Did you know dogs drink with the underside of their tongues?
 yeah, that is surprising about Trump.
 I didnt know that, did you know that Lincoln was the first prez to be photo'd for his inauguration and that in the photo was John Wilkes Booth?
 Share food with elephants? I see that dogs can learn over 1000 words and can reason better than chimps.
 Yeah I always thought they were color blind as well.
 yeah that's what I thought but according to this they were. 
 Agreed. He's not even in the top 3 wealthiest presidents!
 he got more than $400M from his dad... I read an article recently that at 8%, the average american could have done the same ROI as trump.
 I am just now getting into it but like george Strait and a few new artists. Strait is cousins with Jeff Bezos!
 I was surprised to learn that dogs have 12 different blood types and they can donate blood to eachother. I wonder why I never considered it before
 I didn't even know that! In any case, thank you for the interesting chat.
 A little, it's amazing Soccer makes more than baseball, football, basketball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined
 I agree. I heard the president's guest house is bigger then the white house. Send me an invite!
 He should be, he is one of the richest persons alive, he owns a guest house that is larger than the White House, also has hotels and many businesses
 12 different types1 wow that sounds like a lot
 I am as well! The U.S. president's guest house is larger than the actual white house, I'm sure his ego must have taken a hit from that.
 Oh absolutely, don't give him any ideas haha. To be fair a lot of presidents do seemingly unpresidential things. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums in office.
 Haha I'm sure even senators are kids at heart. There was a senator that once had to be dragged by his feet into the senate chamber after trying to leave.
 Neither do I! But I'd be interested to, maybe in other countries that treated them better. In germany, animals have legal rights by the constutution.
 Maybe animal lawyers haha. There's over 20 quintillion individual animals, I bet several of them have their own courts of law somehow.
 That seems impossible but I guess every country has their own beliefs. I wonder if you could domesticate it, maybe it would develop a white patch like other animals that become pets
 Good morning! Yes, it seems to be a universal term. Even in Zimbabwe although they referred to their first president as President Banana. 
 Yes, I agree. I wish it were more easygoing like Indonesia. There the President released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Many of the animals species are lost  by hunters, they hunt the animal for skin, nails and valuable things.
 Yes, now I have to look at my dog! Early land animals had both gills and lungs and hiccups are a holdover from this early evolution.
 That is interesting. Around 1 million living animal species are insects.
 did You know that the top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson ?
 Politics can be old fashioned! The senate used the same gavel for 165 years until it was broken by Richard Nixon
 Of course! Up until 1805, the runner up for president automatically became VP! That would make for some interesting politics these days
 was that like a rule ?
 Wow, I will! Did you know there are 20 QUINTRILLION animals on planet earth?
 Haha. Definitely not. Germany gives animals constitutional rights!
 The loch ness monster is a protected species in Scottland!
 no way !!!  It's not even proven to even exist ;)
 Yeah I love both dogs and cats too. That's great, they need more of those everywhere.
 Yes, I LOVE cars! Guess what you can do with your car in South America?
 I heard you can attach a flamethrower lol.
 That would be sweet. Did you know the trunk of a car got its name because older cars actually had wooden trunks in them?
 Me either. Cadillac was named after a French explorer.
 Not too sure. He also founded Detroit. 
 I love dogs too. Did you know there are 12 different blood types for dogs?
 That is sweet. Istanbul has vending machines that dispense food and water to stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles.
 I did not know that about dogs and elephants. They must be pretty smart animals.
 I think it's amazing. Dogs are also not colorblind which is a big myth.
 It's hard for me to sit and watch it because I would rather play the game. Even the coaches are dressed in uniforms in case the need arises for them to play for their teams
 I don't know what the odds of that are, but the odds of dating a supermodel are way lower than that of winning the powerball jackpot
 I never knew that the reason a baseball manager wore a uniform was so that he could play if needed. Did you?
 That is cool!  I didn't know that a married couple was scheduling all the games either.
 It is interesting.  I am surprised that Trump did not make the list of wealthiest presidents.
 I never knew Martha Stewart had been a model before. DId you?
 Hi, I remember it launching. Myspace at the time was so much better. They actually had the chance to buy facebook in 2005 for just 75 million but turned it down. oops.
 Yes, I actually wish they offered a pay service as the ads can be annoying. When mobile facebook first came out there were no ads on the mobile version.
 Wow, no I didn't know that. I'm surprised facebook didn't celebrate it's 15th anniversary it was just last week as the website went live Feb 4th, 2004.
 That long ago! I can't say I remember that. It's really just a lot of the same old, same old. In fact a member of the Bush or Nixon family has been on every ticket since 1928. 
 That is really weird, especially when you consider in the old days everyone had beards. It's also weird that the use of red for republicans and blue for democrats only started in 2000. I can't remember a time when these colors weren't associated with them.
 How interesting! Imagine our president using Facebook the way he uses Twitter...
 I do. Facebook is really popular these days. Surprising, too, because it was invented by college students.
 Wow! 104 billion dollars? That's nuts. I bet Myspace is shaking their heads now. They turned down an offer to buy Facebook in 2005. They could have been rich!
 I did. It's so nuts....media is CRAZY these days!
 For sure. Did you know the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Not too sure on that. Roosevelt banned Christmas trees at the white house because he was such a conservationist.
 I agree. The white house uses floppy disks for storing files still.
 That tech seems kind of primitive I wonder why
 I agree. I think floppy disks are very secure though and hard to hack.
  Bush had solar panels put back on the white house.
 I forget what president took away the solar panels.
 I did. Hard to believe it took them 4 days to figure out it was struck by bullets.
 That is a huge mistake, I bet someone got fired over that, how can it take you 4 days you are like the elite of the elite
 Crazy to think. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 No didnt know about that, so no Trump in that list?
 I bet he will be. The first president of Zimbabwe was named president Banana.
 I haven't been either. Did you know there are twin buildings in Ireland and France of the white house?
 I'm not too sure on that. Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house because he was such a conservationist.
 Very strange. The white house uses floppy disks for storing some of their files.
 I agree. Bush had solar panels put back on the white house which is pretty cool.
 That's interesting. I saw it once took the secret service 4 days to figure out the white house was struck by bullets.
 HAHA - me too. There are 3 subways lines that are only allowed to be used by congressmen.
 I think so. There's an annual baseball game between the republicans and democrats in Congress.
 I think so. Did you know there is a Fantasy Congress league?
 I bet lol. Elmo is the only non-human to testify before Congress.
 Oh, nice! Yeah the current President sure acts like he is the wealthiest,ha. I recently went to DC and was able to see the White House. It was shockingly smaller than I thought it would be. Not a tiny house or anything but pretty small.
 that is crazy, well apparently the guest house of the white house is bigger than the white house itself, did you check that out?
 oh I agree, like the president of Indonesia, I guess he released some pop albums, maybe trump should do that? haha
 Yeah, I put it on daily for my kids. Did you know hat Elmo was the only non-human to testify before the U.S. congress. Weird fact but its true.
 ah interesting, also cool is there are subway lines specifically built for Gov workers, I wonder how fancy those are
 Hmmm, yeah I don't know either. I was reading about the first woman elected to the congress and it was in 1916.
 ya, its crazy that she was elected before she even had the right to vote, so men voted her in
 Yes, thats exactly right. Such irony! Since those days they have built three subways that pass through between the capitol and the house and the senate offices. The distance is so great that they have this amazing underground subway system.  
 ya it must be, would you ever visit Zimbabwe, you could talk to President Banana!
 It's cool that they have a program dedicated to an ancient language, but that does not sound like my sort of show.
 It is amazing how versatile of a technology it is. I am sure it had helped people out of some tough spots.
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that the White House has twin buildings around the world, one is in France and another is in Ireland
 I wonder too if they are the same on the inside and outside, for instance they have solar panels on them?
 Haha yes I hope not! And I'm shocked that it was George W bush that put the solar panels on the White House and not someone like Bill Clinton
 I'm shocked it took the secret service four days to realize the White House was shot at
 Yep that seems really scary to me. You think they would do a better job, what do you think about Teddy Roosevelt Banning Christmas trees from the White House
 It's crazy that the first woman wasn't elected to congress until 1916 and women didn't even have the right to vote in a national election back then
 Yep that is interesting. It means that men actually voted for a female representative. Did you know that Republicans Democrats play an annual baseball game?
 Haha I wonder that too. Did you know that the White House is actually smaller than its Gasthaus? Like how is that possible
 OMG, lol. I wonder what he testified about?
 Oh cool, Elmo is a cute guy! I have to look that up.
 Yes I do! It is very hard to believe wow. I remember when I first got mine. Don't use it so much anymore. Hard to believe a third of all divorce filings in the USA in 2011 contained the word "facebook"
 Yes they must be. Oh wow that is surprising. Maybe Germany is on to something...Another crazy thing is that there are more people on facebook than there were people in the world 200 years ago!
 Wow that is incredible. One odd thing is that Facebook has 56 gender options. That seems excessive.
 Very progressive of them. It is amazing how far technology has come. I remember when people just listened to the radio for fun. There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen to the sun's music!
 I would like to listen to that as well. One of the most popular radio acts in the 1930s was a ventriloquist-which understandably baffled critics!
 Oh that would be cool! Also I bet you could hear a lot of Bing Crosby-his recordings filled more than half of the radio time in 1948!
 Oh yeah good call, great movie! Interesting law seems a bit extreme. Do you remember that song MMbop? An alt-rock chicago radio station had a Hanson song be the most recorded because the DJ didn't reveal the band!
 Exactly because Hanson isn't exactly alt-rock it is more Pop. I also like the actor bill murray. He voiced the human torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show.
 I did not know that, that's pretty interesting. Did you know that the White House still uses floppy disk in part for storing files? I wonder if they get them specially made because I haven't seen floppy disc or even a drive for them in years.
 That's crazy they are still using floppy disks. I haven't seen one in years myself.
 I bet that saved them a good amount of money for sure. 
 I heard that Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees from the White House.
 I didn't know that, I bet it does help for security reasons.
 Yea I'm sure it does. It allows them to move between the capitol and the house and senate offices.
 That's pretty neat, I heard that it took secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the White house on November 11, 2011. That's kind of crazy that they were more aware. 
 That's pretty crazy it took them four days to figure that out. 
 I know, it doesn't seem like they were on top of things there. Did you know that Elmo is the only non-human to testify before the U.S. Congress?
 Yeah it is, what's even more interesting is that there's a Fantasy Congress league. Players can draft members of congress and points are based off legislative success. 
 That would be fun to watch. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson? Wonder if Trump will be on that list? 
 I guess it's good to keep it local! Did you know that in the thirties the most popular radio act was one with a ventriloquist! Mind baffling! 
 Very interesting! Back when Bing Crosby was in his heyday in 48, I hear his songs accounted for over half of all music played!
 That's very strange to me because their politics could not be further apart. 
 Well, I would not hold your breath, I do not think animals like wearing clothes
 Its funny because all of the images in the history books show them wearing black pretty much all the time.
 Yes they are comfortable. A collared shirt with sleeves and cuffs is what is typically called a shirt in Britain.
 I would be up for that! At Billy May's funeral, the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants.
 Kind of a cool way to honor him. In China gangs used to layer as many shirts as possible and pop the collars!
 Hi, did you hear that one of Paul Manfort's accountants said she went along with falsifying tax records because of fear.
 ok no.... how does that work ? how do You falsifying tax records because of fear ?
 She didn't want to confront a longtime client and tell the client her boss was a liar
 That had to be one scary client...
 Lots of money involved it seems. She had saved Manafort $400,000 in taxes
 But she falsified the records... didn't they got caught ?
 holy crap... I wonder if they come up with ideas like that by themselves or do they have like trained accountants to advise moves like that... 
 Probably had someone tell him that.  Laporta said she didn't believe such a loan existed 
 That's what I thought... people giving that kind of advises have knowledge that could make a regular person a millionaire within a week probably... ;)
 Probably with enough crookedness they can do that.  Did you know that the top three richest presidents have been jfk, washington, and jefferson?
 What "quests" were those ? Sorry I'm from Europe...
 oh ok, did You know that pilgrim clothing was full of color. they only wore black for special occasions ?
 that is interesting.   There is a store in alabama that only sells clothes and items found in unclaimed baggage at airports
 lol...I wonder what are they doing when they find Gucci bag :)
 I guess they make out pretty good!  In China during the cultural revolution, gang fashion included laying as many shirts you could while popping the collars.
 Yeah considering he has so much money that is surprising. Imagine how wealthy JFK, Washington and Jefferson must have been
 they must get a lot of guests. And then you have presidents who are music stars
 there is a store in alabama that sells stuff that is found in unclaimed baggage in airports.
 I agree, I like that they do not care for a suit and tie.
 I know, too bad they are not that comfortable. Even chinese gangs favored polos and flipped the collars to look tough.
 Yeah I agree. Even Apple had a clothing line a long time ago.
 Yeah I think so. I can't believe that Can You Feel the Love Tonight was almost cut out of the Lion King movie. And that song won an Oscar
 Oh I totally agree with you! I love almost all of his songs. Also he failed an ad in a talent search apparently. Obviously that did not handicap his career haha
 Haha good point. I don't think I could do that many concerts though. Also the Ramones must have discovered that too. They played 2000 concerts in 20 years
 Did you know when the earth was formed the day was 5.5 hours long.
 Oh my, that's interesting! Do you like cars? Did you hear of the man who bought a house in NY with a barn. The barn was full of classic cars!!
 I heard it was 2.6 miles wide! unbelievable!
 Some people from a highly respecte TWISTEX team died. So "leave it to the experts" does not apply here. We just have to remember that this is a dangerous hobby that can lead to fatalities.
 Crazy! Did you know there will be no more helium on earth by the end of this century?
 Bummer. I like helium balloons.And we have also already destroyed more than 80 percent of earth's natural forests.
 Crazy to think about from that perspective!
 I feel like they do it for the same reason sky divers do it. Did you know earth was 4.5 billion years old?
 And we still have not made contact with aliens! Though we do have an ambassador.
 Thats funny. In 2010 one was appointed in case aliens ever made contact with us!
 Crazy! The fastest reader can read 4700 words a minute!
 Would you do a you laugh you lose competition?
 CS Lewis and Tolkien had you laugh you lose competitions for poetry reading.
 Yes, they do.The average American golf course uses 312,000 gallons of water per day.
 Yeah, I hear it uses 4,000,000 gallons per day.
 Unreal, Didn't know Babe Ruth was once most famous golfer.
 Yes, apperently was once America's most famous golfer, in fact.
 Like Samuel L. Jackson does?  He really loves golf to put it in his film contracts.Lol
 That's so true.  I read somewhere that golf courses in America make up more land space than Delaware and Rhode Island combined.
 Yes, I am surprised there aren't a few more small states added. Golf can be good exercise if your walking.
 That's cool.  Do you know the current Library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet, in case it burns down?
 I believe that, they make them so long and hard to read. Good to know Mt. Everest has cell service. Great chat!!
 That is a lot of water, especially for a desert.  Did you know that Babe Ruth was a golfer?  I didn't know that.
 I watched Pokemon but didn't really like it.  Apparently it has over 750 episodes!  No wonder they made the phone app from that!  Do you like Pokemon or the App?
 It is, and all that for a match, its surprising how much water golf courses use!
 It does? I wonder what is the maintanence on that golf course.
 Oh that's right! Have you seen the movie? I really enjoyed that movie, I have not found a TV series that captures my attention quite like that movie but really surprised to find that most deals on "Shark Tank" are never followed through.
 Bambi is considered a horror film in King's eyes? Well then, I think I may be able to stomach horror films after all. However, I did not know that Christopher Nolan meant for inception to be a horror film.
 Oh my! I wonder if that diet trend will ever make it big like I see some of these other diets. But horror films also overlap with fantasy, supernatural fiction, and thriller genres so ET was originally scripted as a horror movie.
 Really? Maybe the original script had some heavy breathing on the telephone call ET made when he phoned home. I was mesmerized by ET. Some say watching a horror movie will help you enjoy Art more.
 Oh I forgot about that! I do enjoy art but am also fascinated by the solar system and earth. Did you know Earth is the densest planet in the solar system and also the largest of the four planets?
 That beats the length of Home Simpson episodes which was a little over 400 episodes
 I love animals! Wow that is a lot!!! 
 ya I don't know how many 0's that is haha, but yes I guess domesitcated animals are more likely to develop white patches on their foreheads for some reason
 Awesome! I heard there is a lawyer in Switzerland that represents animals in court, awesome!
 wow thats interesting, I do love animals I should have become a zoologist!
 haha I agree with that, oh I didn't know that, also didn't know that hiccups are a leftover reflex from evolution back when animals had both lungs and gills haha
 What! I didn't know that, kinda creepy!  I was reading on Reddit that there are some animals considered biologically immortal, interesting!
 haha I like that, ya reddit is huge, in just one year they had 150 million submissions and over a billion comments
 Wow! That's insane, I knew Reddit was big but that's huge!
 ya, it's also interesting that Peter Thiel, Snoop Dogg, and Jared Leto were some of the initial investors
 Really? Wow, cool! I guess Reddit is ranked as the 3rd most visited site in the U.S....not surprising!
 no not surprising at all, funny they have polls but only half a percent of people actually particiapte apparently
 ya I love the rarepuppers subreddit haha, and ya there is also a free online magazine that uses reddit as a source called The Redditor
 Oh, cool! I didn't know that. And Reddit has been around since 05....I didn't know that!
 ya thats a long time, funny how the first post on reddit was about how it was about to start going downhill, thats reddit for you haha
 yup that is crazy! Also crazy is the top scoring football game ever: 222-0, talk about domination!
 WoW! I haven't heard about that. Ya know Snoop Dogg wrote the fight song for his son's HS Football team! Love it! It has been great chatting!!!
 thanks its been fun, watch out for the patriots player though, he's never fumbled the ball!
 I love the Cleveland Museum of Art. Evidently, if you watch a horror movie prior to viewing abstract art, you will enjoy it more. 
 I guess they could use something else. Oddly, the UN has offically appointed an ambassador to aliens. 
 It was actually founded by a couple of roommates named Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian around 2005 I believe.
 Good question, I believe it is around 2 billion now, not bad for a couple of roommates.  What do you read on it?
 My favorite is college and I like the NFL too.  Times have changed since the 1960s when bowlers made more than pro football players thats for sure.
 Wow that is a lot and that is just highschool.  Gridiron football is super popular in the US so it makes sense.
 How do they also klnow the animals with white patches are domesticated?
 Yeah I did watch that as a child as well. Crazy how long the show has gone on
 Wow!  I wonder what lengths Germany would go if "Nessie" was in that country since they actually gave legally guaranteed rights to animals.
 That is an impressive achievement!  There aren't many that can claim that, but I do believe he is retired from the NFL now.
 They think maybe due to computers doing the editing
 I don't know, but I'm still afraid I would think lol.  Danny the boy from the shining though didn't know he was in a horror film until several years later.
 I didn't see it.  But apparently the majority of creepy metallic noises in scifi are made by a waterphone
 I can burn some calories!  Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon which is 50 a year for 16 years
 like... since when ? The beginning of time ? ;) They would need to be more specific ;)
 Do You know what made him so special ? I mean, what made him so "best-known".
 In the late Victorian era unscrupulous entrepreneurs defrauded Native American "jugglers"  including magicians lured west to amaze crowds of people at international expos
 that's so cool to know. Hey, did You hear Earth will be virtually helium-free by the end of the 21st century ?
 I wonder if that is really true?  No more party balloons or blimps?
 You too. Do you watch SNL? I heard Weekend Update was on the first show and is their longest running skit.
 King was almost killed when he was walking along the road near his home. A guy driving his car turned back behind himself to do something with his dog and ran off the road into King. Ironically that guy died a few years later. I forget how. Maybe a heart attack.
 Oh, about King again. I just learned he has sold more than 350 million copies of his books. That's larger than the population of the US. Did  you watch Stewart on Star Trek?
 He could try and do what the President of Indonesia did, that guy has released 3 Pop albums while in office.
 I've heard that, I don't know if I believe it, though.  They must not be calculating in all the underground levels the White House has, that place is massive!
 I found list sketchy too.  You mean to tell me a Bush, Clinton, or Trump didn't make the list of the top three wealthiest presidents?
 It's not helping him financially where he's at now.  Wonder who's profiting from that?  His kids or lawyers?
 That's cool about the babies and music.  What I found shocking was that Tupac danced ballet in High school.  My mind will just not wrap around that for some reason, sounds like FAKE NEWS to me. lol
 I jokingly state that my dance partner needs steel toed shoes!!  But I recently found out Tupac performed ballet in High School.  That's quite a transition from ballet to hip-hop.
 The Olymics those days were probaby a true athletic competition without the doping and other scandals of today.  Did you know that the Greeks practiced gymnastics in preparation for war?  I suspect more coordination, strength, and flexibility was needed for sword fighting than today with rifles.
 That would be fun! did you see the price for tickets to that Mass game? $115 to 915
 I'm not sure exactly, it was mentioned in an interview with Steven King. You should also avoid books written by Richard Bachman that's his pen name.
 Really? I had no idea. THat book wasn't that scary. Although I probably didn't realize what was going on. I really liked that book. Maybe I should read him!
 That's true. He seems to be... different. Scared of bambi and uses ronald mcdonald as inspiration for It?
 I know Ronald McDonald was part of the inspiration for the clown, but scared of bambi? That's the first I'm hearing of this? Steven King?
 I was sad when I saw it, but I was not scared. 
 Oh wow, I'm not sure if that would be funny or scary. He was scared of the movie Bambi, I don't know how he could compared to the stuff he makes now .
 That is what I have heard too. I never knew that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin all narrated Thoams the Tank Engine for 52 episodes.
 For sure, did you know Bart was in every single episode of the Simpsons? That is nuts
 You ever watch house? You see Hugh Laurie's salary per episode of House? 
 Hi!  I like to watch a lot television and play golf.  I wish I thought of the idea for YouTube.  It sold for 1.65 billion in 2006, cannot even imagine what it is worth today!!
 That is wild!  Another wild radio fact- during WW2 soldiers used razorblades and pencils to make radios!
 I believe it!  Netflix and YouTube make up about 50% of peak internet traffic in North America.  So crazy!!
 I need to go back and buy one, I agree!  I am sure I can google and download some old games off the internet.  Reminds me, after Google, YouTube is the 2nd most popular search engine on the internet!
 Yes, I used to watch his videos.  Did you know he got his break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest!!??
 Yea, google bought youtube in 2006 for 1.65 billion, that's crazy
 I know the article is good but "home buyers who focus on their personal finances are going to be the winners, because they will have the means to make fast, substantial offers"... no duh!
 Yeah. Millenials, am I right! Their You Tube too.... Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 What is the largest search engine on the net?
 Police actually have their own youtube called blutube, where they share law enforcement videos. Hopefully it makes them better police...
 I am not sure but I hope it brings peace to those who need it. Speaking of police... radios... According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
 Wow, that is unusual.  They want to protect their culture, I think.
 Yeah. They have a similar rule for canadian football.
 I do not understand since Canadian culture is close to that of the US. What are they trying to protect?
 Very true. Any franchise that brings in 65 billion dollars must be doing something right. 
 Yeah being the second highest grossing film series is no small feat
 I love how involved the Lucas family is in the films. I think his wife had a lot to do with making the movies as successful as they are. 
 Oh yeah! She has won an emmy! Something George didn't do
 Its crazy to think that 20th century fox thought this movie was gonna flop. 
 Oh nice yeah those are good too. The voice of Darth Vader in the original movie was only paid $7500. I can't believe that.
 Yeah agreed. Hopefully he got more. Star Wars was also the first major film to be dubbed in Navajo!
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Very cool. I also find it very funny that 20th Century Fox thought Star Wars was going to flop.
 Difficult to see an ultra modern Google self driving car having a wooden trunk on the back.
 I associate the Detroit car industry as an all American entity, surprising it has a French heritage.
 Yeah very surprising indeed my friend. If you live in South Africa, go ahead and put flamethrowers on your car because it is legal!
 Wow, that would make for an interesting rush hour and road rage incidents.  I could it being helpful in snowy conditions like I have here.
 Agreed. There are cables running across the ocean so we can make calls! Well on landline phones that is!
 I can remember that as well! Very Epic! Did you know that the Star Wars saga is told by r2d2 some time after the return of the Jedi?
 Really, Do you still have them? Can be collectables! The first 8 films were nominated for the Academy Awards!!
 lol, I have heard of that too! I didn't know James Cameron was a truck driver before he went into the film industry?
 I didn't know that.  How interesting.  Good career move by quitting truck driving.  I wonder what made him make the career change?
 Yes, I wonder. I would think he would need some education first. 
 Yes, it is! I know I enjoy Utube too. Did you know for India, Audi has to make a special horn for there cars? lol
 Yes, because of the wooden trunks that used to be piled on. go figure, lol  Heavy use in India, I can just imagine it!
 Definitely, with all the merchandise as well, Star wars holds the Guinness world record for the most successful film merchandising franchise!
 Apparently the Nintendo Entertainment System was only discontinued in September of 2003.
 That is funny. Speaking of looks, Bill Nye the Science Guy was discovered because he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest.
 I never really thought of him looking like Steve Martin!
 That's really cool of them. Though it has made us as a society much lazier!
 No I actually don't.  That's crazy!  The trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
 It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.
 I'm sure,  thats scary. 
 It's interesting how much we rely on cars. It seems before 1908 that cars were not really available to the masses.
 Do you watch "Modern Family"?  They killed off a main character.  In the interest of a "spoiler alert" I'll not tell unless asked.
 It was her mom DeDe that passed away.
 Yes and funny that small little DeDe statues kept popping up around her.
 That is funny. I like Bill Nye. Did you know the NFL is recongized as an "entertainment" business rather that a sport.
 That is funny, since in my opinion he was one of the best. Know what's weird? It is illegal to warm your car up in Ohio.
 That seems extensive. Googles's self-driving cars have an "aggressive" mode
 That is a good idea. Speaking of dogs, Russia has  a tomb of unknown dogs as a memorial for canine research subjects.
 They have light bulb moments and enjoy solving problems in or to get a reward.
 You too. yes the atari video game has a documentary. bye
 A man bought a property and found a barn full of classic cars.
 no I only do it for Halloween personally, but I guess panda research scientists will wear panda costumes for work haha
 ha that is werid, did you see lord of the rings? I guess Sean Bean was afraid of flying so he would hike to the locations in his full costume
 haha thats cool, whats nice is johnny depp will travel as Jack Sparrow and visit sick kids in hospitals
 yeah me too, and apparently google literally prefers dogs to cats, its in their code of conduct
 wow that is cool, and ya I never knew that dogs weren't actually colorblind, everyone always says they were
 ya it is, and so is their thinking, dogs and elephants are the only animals that can respond to pointing
 wow thats cool, also cool is that there are 12 dog blood types and people do dog blood drives!
 That's a great age!  My kids are 10.  Can you imagine that 200+ years ago reading novels was discouraged and even considered a immoral?!?! 
 That's very fast!  I wonder how much a person remembers/retains reading that fast?  My Mom can read an entire novel on a long plane ride - but 4700 wpm is unreal!
 I didn't know that, but I do remember the original Atari and I think that was only 8 colors!  Kids today are so spoiled with technology
 I thought they were too! Dogs can have 12 different blood types.
 Ha, that's funny! Did you know the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana?
 What, that's crazy! Wonder how long they stay in there if no one buys them. Did you know the U.S. President's guest house is bigger than the White House?
 No kidding. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. Now that's something Trump hasn't done.
 I did not. I can understand dogs knowing it but elephants? That's amazing!
 Implausible conspiracy theories!
 I hear she is opinionated and has even been blocked by the president on Twitter!
 Apparently an author, Crokin, claimed that an emoji proved a link between Teigen and a secret society. Be careful with that pizza emoji!
 Haha! Right, she could just legitimately like pizza! Pizzagate believers think that many Democrats and Hollywood elite are a part of the secret society.
 I'm not familiar with him either, sorry. Haha. It seems as if Hillary Clinton is standing up for her
 Oh, yum! Love New York pizza. Yeah, Hillary says she has never bothered to report threats against her but is reporting ones against Chrissy and her daughter.
 Goodness, that's crazy.  Sounds like a brutal movie in the Detroit black underworld.
 yes, I thought it was also. Also, Ronald reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look."
 Yes, well, thank you so much for chatting.  Have a HAPPY HOLIDAY.
 haha nope, they make computer games like Warcraft and Starcraft, and give swords and shields to their employees
 I did when my kids were kids.  Don't miss those outings much.  As an aside, can you believe the Hugh Laurie made $700K per episode of House?  Is anyone worth that kind of wages?
 no that is crazy! these actors make a lot but some give back, like Patrick stewart who teaches an acting class in the UK
 How about that rascal Michael Caine becoming an actor so he could hit on the hottest girls.  I like him -- he's a great actor so it worked out. 
 haha ya he had the right idea, Jon Hamm also was interesting he was a drama teacher in high school before he hit it big
 There was a kid in my HS named John Hamm.  He had a reading problem.  Speaking of reading, it's hard to believe the spread of people reading novels in the 18th century caused a moral panic.  What were they reading?
 I think it's the other way around.  We are now fearing illiteracy.  Everything is on the internet like where one can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.  One has to listen, not read.
 ya for sure, did you hear the story behind Braile? I guess it was created when the guy was only 15
 Oh wow! I had always heard about that but did not know if it was true or not. Now I do. 
 Ha ha, I'm not surprised. Shockingly one of Jon Hamm's students was Ellie Kemper from The Office!
 Oh my god, that's an insane thought! I would totally watch that show. They'd get into all sorts of shenanigans and tomfoolery (very outdated words, but fun to use nonetheless!). I bet there would be many more threats to the White House if that were the case, coming from both sides... Probably for the best. Nothing would get accomplished!
 Hi there!  Did you know the official business and office attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt!?  I certainly didn't know that.
 I do not, but did you know that the White House still uses floppy discs in part for the storing of files?
 Interesting; I did not know that. I did not know that The White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
 #themoreyouknow. Apparently the US President's Guest House is larger than the White House. That's an oddity.
 At least he wasn't the president of Indonesia, who released 3 pop albums while in office!
 Every president since John Adams has lived in the White House - so 219 years!
 That's pretty wild. You know what else is wild?  The first president of Zimbabwe.  He was called - get this - President BANANA!
 Speaking of the Roosevelts, Teddy banned christmas trees from the white house!
 ...but it took them four days to realize that someone had shot up the place back in november of 2011!
 Maybe!  Have a great day!
 Haha yes he definitely says lot of bizarre things. I think that he even believes AIDS is a man-made disease. He certainly has a lot of unconventional opinions.
 yes theres a lot I don't really understand about him, but he seems like he can be a nice guy, he once gave his microphone to a fan of his at a concert, that fan was in a wheelchair
 Yes they should just ignore each other. What do you think about the fact that of the top 10 most successful songs ever Kanye West gold digger is the only one written in a minor key
 No I didn't hear about that. I wonder if I would be able to understand him though? I did hear that in Korea they do a compliment battle instead of a rap battle
 I heard about that too I would like to hear some of that. I think it's hilarous that McDonalds pays rappers for each time they mention Big Macs in a song.
 I wonder if anyone did? Childish Gambino got his name from a Wu Tang name generator. That is the crunchiest thing every.
 Well it is a strange name so that would make sense haha. Did you ever see the 1998 Rugrat movie? Apparently Busta Rhymes does the voice of Reptar LOL that's so weird
 Wow I didn't know that. I also didn't know that Eminem loves Spider-Man as a kid, definitely would have thought he liked Batman or something
 I would have thought he was a Captain America fan. It's interesting that the last president to speak a foreign language fluently, was FDR
 Maybe SNL will do a skit or something about that, like Kanye West when he went on SNL and mocked himself for interrupting award shows twice! 
 He would fit right in, I'm surprised he hasn't come out with a statement saying he's going to be Trump's VP! If he did run, he'd probably be the only rapper to do that just like Woodrow Wilson was the only one with a PhD.
 Lol, I would love to see the parody of that on SNL. West does have a pretty big ego and seems to be a bit selfish. The Arctic Monkey's performance on Jimmy Kimmel had to be cancelled because West talked for too long. 
 hahaha Nice!  Busta Rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the 1998 Rugrats movie.  I didn't know that.
 Like grabbing the mic from Taylor Swift, she is 2 inches taller than him.
 Same here.  Hopefully no one else sues Kanye like Evil Knievel.  See ya
 I did not. I cannot believe he is 41!
 The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. Seems appropriate...
 I did not. Tupac's music is in the library of congress because of its cultural significance.
 I have not either. I guess it originiated in Korea.
 Yes that was very insane.  He was very whacked out and talked about random conspiracies
 Are you a fan of rap?
 Kanye West sure has a lot of credentials as a rapper, singer, songwriter and more.
 I find it also interesting that Kanye thinks aids is a man-made disease. This is very new to me.
 Yes, not sure if that is good or bad.  Do you know the wealthiest presidents of the US?
 Yes I just found out they were JFK, Washington and jefferson. Very surprising news to me.
 I wonder when Washington became rich, before or after fighting in the Revolutionary War?
 I am not sure about that, but that would be interesting to find that out. The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 I wonder why?  Also, interesting to find out the runner up for president became president up until 1805
 I don't know though that causes a split in parties, but who know
 Wow, seems like other countries have talented leaders in areas besides business.
 I'm not much of a fan either. I do like Eminem music sometimes. I did not know that he wanted to become a comic book artist.
 true. and others like Tupac had such an impact that their music is considered of cultural significance
 Yes.   I can't believe that he actually believes stuff like aids is man-made.  What's up with that?
 It is strange, he is strange sometimes. But sometimes he is nice like that time he gave his fan in a wheelchair the mic.
 Yeah apparently the word apparently has been used in 16th century
 Yeah and he even dreamt of becoming a comic book artist. Maybe he is good at that as well
 Oh mine I would have loved to be in that courtroom and listen to that
 Yea, his song Gold Digger was pretty popular, surprised it's his only top 10 song in minor key
 I did watch it, but I don't remember Reptar...I guess I should look it up!  I have to get going, it was good talking with you...have a great day!
 Mine is the Cincinnati Bengals. Do you follow any quarterbacks?
 Yep, I like the Chiefs as well. The Rams too. Did you know Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue competitive gaming? He really likes Halo lol.
 Haha yea that would be funny. I heard that the huddle derived from a quarterback who was deaf and used the circular huddle to hide his hand signals.
 Yes, those are all very funny movies. I didn't know that Demetri Martin was accepted into Harvard but didn't go out of boredom and wanted to chase a career in comedy.
 That is a great point. Comedy is very subjective, 3rd rock from the sun won the Golden Globe for best comedy in 1997 beating Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier.
 That is true. Michael Caine found acting to be very positive. He joined acting because the pretty girls were in drama class.
 When Jon Hamm taught drama at school one of his students was Erin from The Office. Small world.
 I am shocked he earns 700,000 dollars an episode. He must be very good.
 Really? My kindergarten years were all a lie
 Have you ever galloped on a horse? Icelandic horses have a fifth speed, a tolt, that is like speedwalking.
 He calls his outlook Wineism and says it's a progressive view that embraces tolerance and inclusion.
 Interesting! I'll have to look into that further. Have a good day!
 Hard to believe wine has been traded and consumed for over 800 years
 Did you hear about Duke Ellington School of the Arts in DC and its $180 million remodel? That's a lot, but it sounds like a good school.
 Yes, I heard some non-resident parents send their kids their without paying tuition. How did they get away with that?
 Yep that's what I heard. I guess it's been a predominantly black school for about 40 years now too, and over 50% of the students are eligible for a free government subsidized lunch
 Do you have Netflix? I just learned that from 9pm to midnight, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in N. America.
 Wow that's crazy! That's a lot of bandwidth, it's also shocking that YouTube and Netflix together make up half of all internet bandwidth
 Crazy but not surprising! Netflix has 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 Have you ever seen Netflix's first original show that they created? It was called Lillehammer and it debuted back in 2012, I wonder how it is
 Well I'm just glad that they don't have late fees, it's funny that Netflix was originally created because the guy who invented Netflix was fined $40 for turning in Apollo 13 Late
 Yeah I can believe that, Google is the biggest search engine of all time, do you know who the current CEO of Google is? Its Sundar pichai
 I wonder too. I thought it was interesting that the Google headquarters lawn was once maintained by 100s of goats.
 That is interesting! I wish that I had live goats to mow my lawn because I hate doing it haha. Did you hear how Google will adjust their boundaries on a map depending on which country is doing the search? That's just in case two countries disagree on what the exact boundaries are
 Yea, they tried to join up with blockbuster in 2000
 Do you know the founding story behind Netflix? One of the guys ran up a late fee, and was so disgusted that he started netflix!
 No, I didn't know that!  Funny that Blockbuster could have bought Netflix and didn't 
 Yeah, it doesn't seem to have a ceiling.  They could probably stop spending so much on postage lol
 That's what I want to know! I think some things are not available for streaming, too
 This makes you think: takes more computing poser to do a google search than it took to send astronauts to the moon
 Google calculates traffic by tracking people's phones...that's a little scary
 How about 86% of the land in Nevada being government land? That blew my mind for some reason, I wonder if Vegas is included
 Did you know that That 70's Show was redone word for word in the UK?
 No, I didn't.  Why did they do that?
 Yes I agree. A fun fact is they once used the same gavel for 165 years...until Nixon cracked it. 
 Yeah it sounds like it. On the senate floor women weren't allowed to wear pants until 1993.
 Yes! What a riot lol. I wonder what kind of style he had? Way back in 1986 Apple had a clothing line!
 Haha yeah I want to see what they sold back in the day. Rip curl makes clothes in North Korea, I had no idea. 
 I guess he prepared very carefully for that filibuster. 
 Oh my lord! I coldn't even imagine. I wonder what he was fighting for?
 I know that most people smoked then but it's hard to believe that it was deemed harmful so recently. Apparently the smoking rate was cut in half by 2015. 
 Well that is good.  Speaking of our Government, did you know that in Nevada, the US government owns 86% of the land. 
 Probably I would guess.  I man in France sold the Eiffel Tower twice by impersonating a Government official. 
 Really, I would expect no more from China.  I am also a huge tv and movie buff.  I love the Simpsons.  There is only one episode where Bart is neither seen nor mentioned.    
 He did, that is cool.  My son use to love Pokemon.  There are more than 750 episodes.  That is about 50 shows a year for 16 straight years. 
 WOW! I knew the video games were still popular but I did not realize that the cartoon still was. 
 It just keeps going and going. My son also was a huge Thomas the Tank Engine Fan.  I know that George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, and Ringo Starr all narrated Thomas the Tank Engine for at least 52 episodes each.  That is pretty neat. 
 I love SNL.  I didn't know that though.  Are you a big internet user.  I know I am.  Google has changed the industry.  I learned that it takes more computing power in a single google search than it did to send Neil Armstrong and 11 other Astronauts to the moon.  That is crazy.
 WOW! That seems like it would be more costly not less. 
 I disagree. It was all political theater. The accuser, a physiology professor that has consulted with the CIA, acted as though she was a helpless little girl. From her hairdo, one that she never wore until the hearings, to her forced wittle girly voice, was designed to manipulate the audience. His 
 Oh definitely, if not surpassed it. Lately it seems like we taxpayers are spending a lot of money for a bunch of people to sit around and do nothing. Did you know that in 1988, an obscure rule was invoked which allowed the sergeant-at-arms to arrest absent senators and bring them to the chamber to vote? I think that's great! I have to show up to work to get paid; so should they.
 No, that's crazy! Was it made for a specific purpose or occasion, or just everyday wear? 
 Did you hear that the Norwegian government donated money to save the Amazon rainforest? I guess they've got cash to spare in Norway.
 Maybe if all we did was sit, yes.  the tech industry today operates in an unregulated environment.
 The scary part for me is the interference by foreign governments in our elections. I think that's tantamount to an act of war.
 Research shows that even truthful information will be dismissed by audiences if it doesn't come from a trusted source.
 I didn't know that Google went down for five minutes in 2013. 
 They do. Google rents them from local farmers as a way to keep ticks and bugs down too. Did you know, . False information reaches people six times faster and is 70 percent more likely to be shared than a truthful story. 
 Thats a good saying! And a good point to remember when trying not to gossip. Looks like we in the US are getting a National Risk Management Center.
 There are other entities working against the US gov't though. For example, Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks! 
 I know! The chinese government has censored the word 'censorship'
 Whoa! That is an interesting fact. I guess they want to scare people into thinking twice about renouncing. 
 This surprised me. Most deals made on the television show 'shark tank' are never enacted
 That is misleading. I wonder whether there is a disclaimer at the beginning of the show. "The deals are just for entertainment purposes only."
 Oh yeah I know that one thanks for reminding me lol. There is also an ancient roman amphitheater in Croatia too!
 Yes very similar. Her song about female empowerment was actually written by 3 men lol!
 That is hilarious lol. She was also the first fan hit by a puck at the Florida Panthers arena. She was 5!
 That wouldn't happen, today.  It would be considered unsportsman like conduct and Georgia would have had to bench their 1st, 2nd, and probably 3rd string players, and most likely let their cheerleaders play Cumberland! Lol
 Oh, the pressure he must have felt to remain fumble free.  I couldn't have done it.  Kudos to him!
 My goodness! I applaud him for sticking with it and getting his HS diploma.  It must be super hard when you're trying to be a singer, too. 
 I guess Bill CLinton was there and spoke, but Obama did not go.
 No, I had no clue bowlers made much money in the 1960s, I did know NFL players didn't get paid much though
 That's insane, was Cumberland a high school team lol
 It must have been really really bad then for someone to sue them
 Grande-Butera. I did think she was hispanic too though. SHe has come a long way
 Awesome girl. She was even hit by a puck at the florida panthers current arena
 She even held a charity concerts after what happened in Manchester with the bombing
 Ironically, her famous song dangerous woman was written by three men. go figure
 Yeah and they have held something like 2263 concerts in thos eyears
 That is amazing, a lot of concerts. THere is an ancient theatre in croatis where you can still have a concert.
 That is so strange, who did they hold a concert for? 
 I guess. It was nice chatting with you.
 Week 8 is halfway through the season, and players like Matt Ryan might be on a bye.
 That is true, although Georgia Tech is a college team and not in most fantasy football leagues.
 True.    I wonder if it would've been any different if they had a pink locker room like at the University of Iowa.
 I wonder if Pratchett ever wrote 15145 pages like a janitor from Chicago.
 I would go for rapper Drake who graduated high school October 2012.
 Given all the powerful people sitting right there,I was bothered as well by it.
 Some things are flat out humorous about them. They actually used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon broke it.
 Yea, it's pretty funny a sergeant at arms actually carried a senator into the chamber
 He must have really not wanted to be there haha. They definitely have their share of fun, I hear there's literally a drawer full of candy, and it's a long standing tradition.
 Yea that's strange, I wonder why republican are against pant suits, I know they like beards since every president with a beard was a republican
 That's interesting, probably coincidental though. A crazy thing about Republicans is that the last time a Republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928, that's nearly a century!
 I wonder if that would really be effective now though. It seems that presidents in general are less professional now too. The president of Indonesia actually released 3 pop albums in office.
 I wonder if the president of indonesia ever visited the White House, the guest house is larger than the actual white house
 Maybe he'd be one of the wealthier guests to ever visit too. Trump is somehow not even one of the top three wealthiest presidents we've had, that seems impossible.
 Maybe jfk, Washington, and jefferson have the most wealth adjusted for inflation
 Probably, I'd guess regardless they'd have maybe been richer than President Banana, the legitimate first president of Zimbabwe.
 I thought it was kind of late, too.  But, apparently it was done for the servicemen who couldn't get out and go into the restaurant in their fatigues.
 I think it has changed, now.  But look what the old drive thru has done for the fast food industry.
 Ok, it might be awhile, you know how slow they are to move in Washington. Lol
 You poor thing, you need to keep the crypt keeper run out of that candy drawer.  Tell her candy is bad for the environment and needs to be banned, but that Trump is against banning it.  She'll get right on it!
 Women have overcome many obsticles. Besides, I think the women get alot more done than any of the men up in Washington.
 And here I thought all that partisan crap didn't start until 2000 with the use of the colors, red and blue to represent each party. You just burst my bubble!
 At least the two party system can agree on one thing, the need for a candy desk in the Senate!
 I used to work in retail in DC.  We'd get important politician in, once Dick Chaney.  Before they come in the secret service would scope the place out looking for emergency exits and such.  Then the person would come in surrounded by security, no privacy at all.
 In the Nixon era?  Agnew?  I do know there was a candy desk then (1968) where candy is available near the entrance. 
 Is this a quiz or a chat?  Yes, Agnew was a VP until he resigned due to tax evasion.  Funny, women were not allowed to wear pants on the senate floor until 1993.
 I would think so.  Not sure... Can you believe that before 1805, 2nd place in a presidential election was given the VP slot.  Can you imagine Trump and Hillary working together?
 It would be a good reality show if there is such a thing.  Maybe they could release a pop album like the president of Indonesia. 
 Yeah!! It looks like he had a lot of free time in his hands to release 3 pop albums while in office.
 Wow!!! The two party system has been around for a very long time.
 I'm not sure either. I read somewhere that the use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000.
 <cc>
 <cc>
 <cc>
 I would love to see a different party. In the past the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 Wow I bet Nixon was so disappointed. Women were not allowed to wear pants on the US Senate floor until 1993.
 I didn't realize that the Republican Party was founded by anti-slavery activists.
 Hello - did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 I've heard that. It's hard to believe that Trump isn't even in the top. 
 Yea that's crazy. I would think Trump would be on top too. 
 That is crazy. I would have never guessed. I saw that the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house....
 That's crazy too. The White House is pretty huge. 
 Yea it's pretty massive. I didn't know that up until 1805, the runner up for president automatically became the VP. 
 That would be a nightmare! lol. 
 Yes it would. I found it cool too that Roosevelt selected Truman has his VP because he found so much corruption and waste that he saved the government $10-15 BILLION!. We need someone like that again!
 Yes, that would be really cool. Did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office? LOL
 I agree, I would pay for that one for sure. It's also crazy that the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. 
 That's pretty crazy for sure. I didn't know that there hasn't been a president who wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853.
 Yeah that is crazy. I wish we could get away from the two party system again, but it's doubtful that'll ever happen. 
 I agree. I think it causes too much polarization. 
 Good morning! Do you like politics?
 It's like a bunch of school kids, hiding candy in class where the teacher can't see.I wonder if they let the president have his pick.
 I bet he does! Did you know the republican party was founded by anti slavery activists?
 Thats true! The Zimbabwe president was called president banana.
 I was surprised to learn that the "red" and "blue" colors for the parties didn't start until 2000.  
 I also would have thought that Trump would have been one of the top 3 richest presidents.  It turns out it was Washington, Jefferson and JFK. 
 Interesting.  I wonder if it's true that Nixon crack a gavel that the U.S. Senate had used for 165 years.  Some kind of curse must have been released. 
 I wonder if men could wear a dress.  Things change... Before 1805 the 2nd place person in the presidential election got to be VP.  Can you see Hillary and Trump working together? That wouldn't work, in my opinion...
 somewhat, lets talk about the senate. they used the same gavel for 165 years until nixon cracked it
 I wonder if they were mad at him for doing that. women were not allowed to wear pants.
 Interesting that their is a candy desk which is near a busy entrance. 
 and they only have candy from pensylvania
 absent senators can be arrested and force into the chamber to cast a vote. 
 yeah one of them was arrested and dragged in feet first. what a strange rule
 lets talk about the president next, JFK is one of the three wealthiest presidents in history 
 In Zimbabwe the first president was called banana 
 wow, I wonder if that is a common name there though
 I wonder also. The guest house for the president is larger then the white house 
 they must get a lot of guests during the year. did you know the president of indonesia is a pop artist?
 no thats interesting. Also until 1805 they used to have the runner up become the vice president 
 yup. Lets talk more about the republican party. Every president with a beard has been a republican. 
 no I have not. Also red and blue representing the parties started in 2000
 yeah apparently he did not want to be associated with republicans and their symbols in any way
 republican and democrats have held the presidency since 1853, no other party has 
 Lol I just don't get why Truman wouldn't skip riding Dumbo completely if he felt that strongly
 That's crazy that Barbar Mikulsk and Carol Moseley had to protest the no pants rule
 I'd guess Washington and Jefferson from politics and farming, as well as family inheritances. JFK just came from a rich family. I love Michelle too. She is definitely my favorite First Lady! Did you know the White House guest house is bigger than the actual White House?
 I'm truly wondering how that works because the runner up for presidency is usually the opposing party! If that happened for the past election, I think we'd also be in a state of national emergency and shutdown probably.
 Racial intimidation at it's finest. I was surprised Gillum lost his race.
 Yep, but did you know the u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house?
 Yeah, even though a lot of things regarding the Republican Party has been consistent. The last time there wasn't a Nixon or Bush on the ticket in a Republican winning election since 1928.
 Oh yeah, they would have to just remember to hold it in the guest house and not the actual White House, which is somehow smaller!
 Now that i did not know. however Abraham Lincoln was the first President to be photographed and John Wilkes Booth was in that photo. 
 Same here.  In 1912 Theodore Roosevelt formed the Progressive Party after being rejected by the GOP.  Would be interesting to see if someone could pull that off in this day and age.  I'm not a fan of either democrats or republicans.  No one if office seems like they do what they say they are going to do.
 I agree!  5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.  I never really understood why it isn't a popular vote.  Just doesn't seem right at the core of it.
 I guess on the bright side of things, at least we don't live in an authoritarian state where we have a dictator.
 Right.  Our president could perhaps have been friends with the Zimbabwe's president - President Banana!
 haha no, I wonder if that was a compliment or not? Like I don't know that I would want to be called president banana if I were president haha
 That would be a nightmare as partisan as things are now. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house? That seems strange. 
 ya that is wild, and the use of blue and red for democrats and republicans only began in the year 2000 apparently
 haha that is funny, did you know that the white house guest house is bigger than the white house itself, like how is that possible?
 no that is crazy, did you know that women weren't allowed to wear pants in the senate until 1993?
 1993?! That's way too late. That's upsetting. They always have a hard time modernizing it seems. 
 yes that is true, I guess a bunch of female senators did a protest in 1993 by wearing pantsuits which were supposedly off limits haha
 I heard that all US President who had  a beard was Republican
 The president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Ha, lol good point. I like those fun facts! I know that the president of Zimbabwe was nicknamed Banana. At least we dont have that problem.
 I wonder why though. I mean he was a republican so not sure why they are not moving ahead with that.
 I guess I do not know enough about politics. I know that in the US Senate they have a desk with candy in it for people to grab.
 Not just any candy, but the ones made in Pennsylvania. It's a long-running tradition, too!
 Yeah good for them. They had a gavel that they used for 165 years until Nixon broke it
 Wow. I wonder what was being discussed when that happened. Women have only been wearing pants on the Senate floor since 1993, and the only reason that changed was that two senators protested
 His response to that was pretty funny. "Republicans buy shoes too." Politics is definitely about more than just skin color, that's for sure
 I guess some of the others were just as influential and wealthy. Sometimes we don't realize it due to inflation and the changing value of the dollar. Until 1805, the runner up was VP rather than the winning candidate appointing someone else
 Really different times. There was some hierarchy there. Did you know that the guest house is larger than the white house?
 I wonder whose idea that was. I wonder how many guests it can hold. Indonesia's President has hobbies on the side while in office and has released three pop albums 
 What a president. The president of Zimbabwe was called banana.
 Maybe that was his favorite fruit. Many of our Presidents have had beards, and all of them were Republican. The Democrats are clean shaven
 I wonder if they do that on purpose to keep up with a secret tradition. Did you know why Truman refused to be photographed with a dumbo?
 That is crazy!  It is illegal in Ohio to even warm up your car!
 It's very interesting that IMDb has about 5 million titles and 9 million Personalities in their database, they also have about 80 million registered users, and I'm one of them haha
 Yep I agree with you. I don't like any of the new ones. Especially the last Jedi, I thought that movie was absolutely terrible. It said no like you said, that the Shawshank redemption is a great movie, and only made back about 3 million dollars more than its budget
 I guess! speaking of cars, have you ever played the car video game Gran Turismo? It's a racing game, and apparently someone was so good that they beat 90,000 people then became a professional race car driver
 I'm doing good thanks for asking. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms that can be detected on Earth?
 Yea it seems like an odd law. 
 Oh wow I did not know that. Pretty good idea though.
 LOL. The trunk of your car is named that because the older cars actually had wooden trunks in them.
 That's a lot of vehicles. I saw in South Africa it's legal to hook up a flame thrower to your vehicle to prevent carjacking.
 Can you imagine sustained 65 mph winds.
 No, and that's not even all, there is going to be 12 inches of rain
 Yeah, hate flying as well.  You know what's crazy... Iceland has no public rail service so anyone there without cars uses domestic flights between towns. Crazy.
 Not too sure on that one. The cables carrying phone and data lines across the ocean are only 2.7 inches thick.
 True true. It's impossible to separate two phone books that have had their pages overlapped.
 I know Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.
 Not too sure on that one. An iPhone has more computing power than the US nuclear ICBM deterrent system.
 That's a lot of money in tolls. I saw the Dutch are creating a bus that can travel 160 mph.
 Me either lol. Mackinac Island in Michigan has banned all motorized vehicles.
 Same! It's been a while but I do love to travel! Can you believe the Dutch are creating a bus designed to travel at 160mph? That is way too fast for me!
 Me too.  Did you know that an iPhone has more computing powers that the whole U.S. nuclear ICBM deterrent?
 It's scary too.  It's wild that NY has a 212 area code because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone. 
 They are olympic figure skaters, theuy won two world champions and seven local ones.
 They certainly did but anyway, did you know that Myspace had the opportunity to buy Facebook for about 75 million and didnt do it!
 Yeah, apparently that is the reason, I thought it was all part of a marketing strategy.
 I didnt know that! I know about the impact it has but I didnt know it was so big it would impact the constitution of a country.
 I know! too bad I didnt hear about that promotion I would definetely taken advantage of it.
 lol.....did you know that a 1930's actress name Hedy Lamar helped invent the cell phone and wifi? 
 wow! I know the creator of Facebook regrets not taking that offer.
 illegal?!?!? Wow. Well, air travel is down by 10 percent since the 1960's.
 Wow...THAT'S FAST
 soooo...did you know that there are more ppl on Facebook now than there were in the world 200 years ago?
 sure is....also one third of divorce filed contain the word Facebook....ha
 Wow! I guess that is definitely one way to travel. Do you prefer to travel on foot, bike, car, or other means?
 Yep, I last used a landline about 13 years ago. Crazy to think the cablese that carry phone traffic are only about 3 inches wide and just lay on the ocean floor.
 Right, how does that hold up and not get tossed around by animals or something else?
 I wonder how they verify that! It's a great idea though. I can often go a while without using my phone some days. I remember using a rotary phone at my grandmothers, decades ago.
 Ha! Speaking of teenagers, can you believe that My Space turned down the chance to buy facebook? Talk about a bad decision!
 Speaking of saving money, I bet the people in Japan wish all their roads weren't toll roads. Hard to believe it cost $300 to travel across Japan.
 Not too surprising, they are probably trying to keep vehicles off the road. Have you ever been in a hurriance?
 That's something I don't know anything about. I bet that makes the day start off in a difficult way, if you have to shovel snow before work!
 I know, right! Facebook has a like button and I found out that ts actually illegal to use in the german state of Schleswig-holstein! Can you believe it? 
 I know and agree. I can remember when phone book were the only way to find numbers and it was impossible to rip in half if the pages were folded.
 I did hear that also it was only available to Harvard students at first.
 They eventually opened it to other schools then high schools.
 I am pretty sure that is the largest IPO ever!
 I am going to Scotland soon, did you know there is a website that will let people crash on your couch while your traveling?
 No i did not, sounds a little dangerous if you don't know the person crashing. how's it work?
 that seems very fast.
 Oh wow I didn't know there were 30 teams. 
 Yep. I heard Reggie Miller's sister was actually better than he was at basketball.
 I have heard that. I heard most players don't shoot that way because it looks weird. 
 I agree. Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu is called a hamburger button?
 Yes, it's very useful. Some people can actually become addicted to the internet.
 Agreed. The current library of Alexandria saves a copy of the internet in the event it were to ever burn down.
 Interesting. There is 3g service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest.
 I have heard that as well. Only 7% of people actually read the full terms when buying a product or service over the internet.
 Yep. The New Zealand basketball team was nicknamed the tall blacks.
 Probably not, it's the top of the world, it's in Nepal.  Alot of people die each year trying to climb it.  Glad to know they can call for help or take a selfie from the top!
 Yes. Very nice chatting with you. Have a lovely day.
 Thanks.
 I think it was founded in New York back in 1946, they actually started with the name The Basketball Association of America instead of the NBA by the way
 I think he gets like $800,000 a year! Which is a lot I'm sure you just not worry about money, I also think it's crazy that the best way to shoot a ball is granny style according to physicists
 That is crazy. Ha Ha!!! I didn't know that they were actually banned. 
 Yep they were bad haha. What do you think about Tim Duncan? Apparently he gave up the draft in order to stay in school and get his degree, and only after he got his degree did he start playing professionally
 On a related note, do you ever watch basketball? I really like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and I never knew that he was so good at the dunk that they actually banned it in college basketball for like 10 years haha
 I watch basketball every week when the game is in season. I can't believe that the dunk got banned from college. What were they thinking?
 Yes I think his name is James Naismith right? And he was apparently not that good at basketball LOL his coaching career  made him the only losing coach in the entire history of his University
 yes they're nicknamed the "All Blacks" I don't know why that is I don't think that name would pass muster in the United States LOL
 Yep I would try it. Especially if I were getting millions of dollars to win LOL. Did you know the inventor of basketball was actually a losing coach for his University team?
 I didn't realize there was one. I guess I didn't think about it being the National Basketball Association. If it's northern Canada that's a lot of travel for games. 
 That's true but if they have a demand for a team they should put a team up there somewhere, it's interesting that the NBA's located in New York-New York, I never knew that
 I heard about that. And that's only until age 55 and then he gets a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 Yep I would too. What about Air Jordans have you ever worn those before? Apparently they were banned by the NBA initially
 Yeah the same one, how can he be a bad coach when he was the one to invent the game, that  just doesnt add up
 I followed it more in the past, but keep an eye on it.  I was definitely following when Jordan played.  Crazy to think when Air Jordan's were first worn, Michael got a fine every game.  
 I wonder if there is a safer way to play and still be effective.  I bet it would be hard to curb the desire to be flashy.  Apparently shooting a granny style free throw is scientifically proven to be the best method, but most refuse to do it.
 He would have surely started a trend and maybe hack-a-Shaq stops altogether?  Shaq was definitely dominant.  Maybe not as much so as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was in college as he managed to be so good at using the dunk it got banned for like a decade.
 That might have been something.  Sometimes the powers that be just don't understand the trends.  Even the inventor, Naismith, wasn't necessarily the master and is historically the only losing coach in the history of Kansas!
 Very confusing.  Do you ever read the terms and conditions when you do stuff on the internet?  Only 7% of people do and that is honestly surprisingly high!  Those things are brutal to read!
 Yes, you can actually even get it at the peak of Everest!  Crazy!
 Ok. Did you know the president of Sri Lanka gave Reagan a baby elephant? That's nuts! I wish someone would give me an elephant
 That's insane that croc insurance actually exists. I wouldn't want to live in Australia
 Hmm I don't know. You think that guest would give good gifts since they get to stay in a guest house that is larger than the actual white house
 It's possible, I mean they still use floppy disks at the White House so you can't count anything out
 No, I didn't know that, was this an award or a gift?
 I didn't know President Trump was given an oak tree.
 Yes it does, what about George Bush received a vocabulary-building game from the sultan of Brunei, that was amazing gift.
 I didn't know that these gifts given to the President dedicated to the people of the United States.
 an Apple? im a pc guy myself. did you know a space shuttles computer runs on only 1mb of ram?
 no way, Apple will do that to people??
 thats pretty high and mighty of them i say. The computer people build on Minecraft dont have whacky rules like that!
 its wild a computer can run on water, you would normally assume water would BREAK a computer, not make it work
 I was a Skins fan growing up. I don't follow it that much any more. There was a rocket scientist that actually coached in the NFL.
 Speaking of scientists, some at Harvard managet to store the GIF of a galloping horse into the DNA of a bacteria.
 THat's pretty amazing. Hard to believe we lived in a world without it.
 Really? Wow, that had to be very interesting! I bet that is a good paying job. I would love to walk dogs as a side job.
 yeah he is a scary man that is true. spain is the only coutnry with a permanent guest in g20 summit. i wonder why they do not go for a membership
 right that is weird, ya you have to be careful with Russia, they gave thumb drives that had viruses in it to G20 members
 they got caught when one of them steped out dresses as bin laden.
 ohhh that would be so sweet. In Istanbul if you donate plastic bottles in a vendine machine it releases water and food for dogs.
 Dogs and elephants? I wonder if there there are other that we do not know about though.
 Yeah exactly. Maybe we have not studied them enough. Even Google states that they like dogs better than cats.
 hahhahah dog are really loyal so yeah you can trust them.
 you would think so right! but no the top three are kennedy, washington, and jefferson apparently
 I haven't no, but I did hear that the guest house is bigger than teh white house itself!
 That is insane. I expect more than that.
 I love the Golden State Warriors. The parade was insane last year in Oakland.
 Whoo! Thats crazy! That s a really long time for aonly about 11 minutes of play! explains this fact..The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
 I know, weird, right? Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
 Yep. The last US president to speak a second language fluently was FDR. That was quite a while ago.
 I wonder what language?  I can't believe that 2nd place in a presidential election was given VP -- that is prior to 1805.  Can you see Hillary and Trump working together?  Ha. 
 They would disagree on anything and everything! 5 presidents have been elected after losing the popular vote!
 Love them.  I learned that dogs aren't actually color-blind.  They just can't see as many colors as humans.
 But they do have an excellent nose! Dogs in moscow have learned to use the subway. I wonder if Putin was involved....
 I would think that would be an awfully rare condition to have.  But, he's sure done enough Westerns and been around lots of horses in his career.  Very interesting!
 I know I think I would have challenged that suspension, for sure!
 I have seen them walk and it is so adorable.  You know what I find so shocking is that the pretty white, fancy Lipizzaner horses are born brown or black and it takes them 6 years to turn completely white!
 Oh wow! That's super interesting! Not many animals do that, late color change thing, whether it's skin or their fur. So few I can't think of one example! So, I just found out that George Bush put solar panels back onto the white house. I wonder why they were taken off and who took them off. And who knew that the white house had solar panels! That's encouraging to hear really!!
 You're probably right about that!  Did you know the president's guest house is bigger than the actual white house?
 I found that very strange and I'd move to the larger place, as well.  Let the guests stay at the white house. Lol
 Yes, it is very weird. Wonder what kind of records the white house is storing on floppy drives?  Must not be too important. Lol
 Interesting, the electric horse was invented by John Harvey Kellogg, the same Kellogg that gave us breakfast cereal.   
 Well, apparently word got out about Coolidge's electric horse when it broke and they called for a mechanic.  Press got wind of it and it got reported in the newspapers.  That must have made for an entertaining headline.
 Well, needless to say, the electric horse got booted from the White House.  But back then, it was not unfashionable in fitness circles, like Pilates is today.  Supposedly, the Titanic had one in the ship's gym!
 Did you know President Coolidge had a real electric horse to ride?
 That's so interesting! I don't blame him, though. Horses are great. Did you know that the length of horse hair is related to the amount of sunlight that it gets?
 Wow! That explains a lot of what I see. I never knew that. Did you own racehorses as well? I heard that thoroughbred racehorses can trace their y chromosome to one single horse!
 No, I didn't know. I wonder if the public can visit? I know the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. 
 That's a lot of food! Icelandic horses have a fifth speed called tolt which is basically speedwalking for a horse. 
 Yes it's pretty cool. Dalmations are associated with firefighters because they could calm down and protect the horses. 
 They are very cool creatures. Clint Eastwood had a minor allergy to horses even though he rode them in a bunch of his movies lol. 
 Haha probably. Two high schools students rode horses to school and got suspended. It was a "no vehicle to school" day the school was hosting. 
 That's interesting how they can change color as they age. Switching gears a bit, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 I would imagine he is now, but it doesn't list his name. He is very wealthy. 
 That's pretty hilarious he's a pop star. George W. Bush had solar panels put back on the white house.
 That's pretty amazing to be a pop star and president.
 Do you listen to classical music at all? I think it is kind of funny that a shopping center in australia play it in order to stop teens from loitering. That is one way to do it.
 I am actually a huge fan of classical music. Classical music is everywhere!
 Yea, there's a guy who can identify a piece by feeling the groves on a record, that's amazing
 Oh wow, that's very impressive. Speaking of records, did you know that the Beatles actually compose classical? They have four classical records.
 See, told you classical music is everywhere! Some people really hate on classical, but I guess fans of metal and classical have similar personalities. So I guess fans of classical aren't that different!
 That is nuts! Speaking of crazy, I guess the Foo Fighters played a concert that was so loud, it showed up on New Zealand's seismic monitors.
 Wow. That's crazy. Must be exhausting. Even more exhausting than being the President!
 Yeah, that's really surprising. What's even more surprising is that there's only one president who has a PhD! Guess who that is.
 Nope. Those are all great guesses, but it's actually Woodrow Wilson! Not one of the most notorious presidents, either.
 It might be the same psychologist that encouraged cities to play it in public spaces. It's actually reduced crime in those areas
 That would be an interesting experiment. What's funny to think about is how the crowd was loud and wild during classical music concerts. It's definitely not the rich, upscale crowd we typically imagine
 Well I heard Mozart and Hayden had pianos made from the same tree. It must have been a huge tree!
 Yeah. 750 + of episodes. That's so popular.
 Interesting. I know it's really quite hot. And large.
 Yea that will be depressing. I love how there are trackers in their shoulder pads!
 I agree. It is crazy that football games are only 11 minutes of live play on average!
 Not too much. It is funny that climbers found a piano on top of Britains highest mountain.
 Not too much and yea that is crazy! Anyway it was nice chatting with you!
 I would prefer a see of anything else, lol. I still cannot believe that Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook, that seems like a disaster waiting to happen.
 I'm not on Facebook, so I couldn't take part, lol. I'm still surprised that most people don't know it was started in Zuck's dorm room, while he was in college.
 I don't think so either. It's funny, that a man in France was able to sell the Eiffel Tower, twice.
 To top it off, he impersonated a French government official. Both times.
 I did not know that about the age limit. I saw Myspace once turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.
 For sure. Facebook is worth over $100 billion now.
 Me too. They are not around at all today I don't think. Did you know the Facebook like button is illegal in one of the German states?
 Seems very strange. Facebook is mainly blue because Zuckerburg can't see red-green.
 Same here. Wikileaks once published the government's plan to shutdown Wikileaks.
 That's true. The Norwegian government once donated $1 billion to save the Amazon rainforest.
 woah! must be an old house! i think it was only rebuilt once too
 thats a little bit overbaord, wheres his holiday spirit?? did you know they still use floppy disks over there too?
 oh! youre right haha I wonder why someone would do that...and who....
 did you know back in the day the runner up in the election ended up beocming the vice president?
 hahaha  I didn't know that.  Could you imagine that now?  Hillary and Trump would be in the news daily for fighting. 
 Id love to hear some of his music. Imagine if Trump dropped an album tomorrow
 Thank you for the interesting facts about our presidents.  I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
 Yes, I know he gets the final vote if there is a tie in the Senate.  In days of yore the VP used to be the losing candidate in the election.  Don't think that would work now.
 I am so happy that things have changed. Did you know women were not allowed to wear pants in the Senate until 1993 when there was a protest. 1993! Only 25 years ago.
 I hear that Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House, an you imagine the uproar if a President did that today.
 How interesting. I did not know that. I also did not know that the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files.
 What an odd time to be President. When he was in office four bullets struck the White House and it took the Secret Service four days to realize it.
 Wow. I had no idea. That's really interesting. The guest house is bigger than the actual white house. 
 I would love to be a guest there! George W. Bush put solar panels back on the white house. I think that's cool of him.
 Yeah, I wish! But the White House isn't that advanced in all aspects of technology. They still use floppy disks!
 It sounds like the secret service isn't that advanced either! They missed a shooter for several days!
 Oops! But we have made progress overall, I think. At least we no longer make the runner up in a presidential election automatically become the vice president.
 It would be fun to watch but probably not the safest or smartest idea. Well, at least our president isn't busy recording pop albums like the president of Indonesia is, while in office.
 Reminds me of Scrooge. Bah humbug! Speaking of things that were banned at one point, women were not allowed to wear pants on the U.S. Senate floor until 1993.
 What a strange thing to ban. It seems sexist...
 Yeah, 1993 doesn't seem that long ago. A couple of women senators protested by wearing pantsuits!
 They used the same gavel for 165years! That's a sturdy gavel!
 It is funny that Richard Nixon cracked it. Oops!
 Hello
 Did you know that the top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 Yowzers, absolutely.  The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
 That would be terrible.  The president is a common title for the head of state in most republics
 Really?  That's nuts.The us senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it
 Haha exactly.  Michael jordan was once asked why he wouldn't endorse black democratic candidate harvey gantt in a north carolina senate race, to which michael jordan responded, "republicans buy shoes too".
 I'm unsure.  Thanks for the chat.
 Hello - I didn't know that either. Did you know Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house?
 It says he was a very strict conservative.
 Yes for sure. George Bush had solar panels put back on the white house.
 Did you know it took the secret service four days to realize bullets struck the white house?
 Me either lol. The top 3 wealthiest presidents was JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I would have thought trump and clinton would be on that list or even the Bush's
 I bet Trump will end up on that list.
 Haha yea that's funny. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana.
 I bet it was just a nickname.
 LOL - I can't believe he was a pop artist! Did you know the US president's guest house is bigger than the white house?
 Yes for sure. The senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it.
 Yeah, that seems like kind of a long time for them to serve.  From 1789 to 1913, they were appointed by legislatures of the states they represented.
 I know, leave it up to him to be the one that did that.  Add to his list of shame..lol
 Amen to that. Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?  How odd is that?
 Haha!   I read somewhere that the top three wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  It's hard to believe the clintons or Trump didn't make that list?
 I take it you are not a MAGA fan, then?  Lol 
 Settle down, Hoss.  Didn't mean to ruffle your feathers. No offense meant.
 Yeah, I agree. The whole thing was a circus... Did you know Carter turned the thermostat to 65 one winter?
 I didnt thats interesting, just like Bush put solar panels back into the White House.
 That seems so antiquated but it was only in 1993!!! How weird is that?
 I know it is pretty odd, thankfully things changed, so did you know Trumps guest house is bigger than the White House!
 Maybe he could get a PHD like Woodrow Wilson!
 Or even Ireland, to see a twin building!  Good talking to you have a good day.
 Some,  I am not surprised that the first phone number in the white house was 1. lol
 It definitely helped people reach the White House the fastest. I am surprised they still use floppy disks for storage.
 Yes, I know.. I was surprised with that. I didn't know there was a replica of the white house in Atlanta thats a private home.
 It is a beautiful building but I never would have thought to replicate it. 
 I agree, Jimmy Carter turning down all the therostats to 65 must have saved on the heating bills. Its such a large house.
 Yes it is and it has an even larger guest house!
 I did too, Very interesting Such a nice man. I can't believe Strom Thurmond filibustered for 24 hours and 18 minutes on the senate floor.
 That's is true. I am surprised the only US president with a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.
 Washington and Jefferson! Surprising, too, because they're one of the earlier presidents.
 Yeah, maybe someday I'll have to take a visit. The white house is really fascinating to me. One surprising thing, though, is that it still uses floppy disks to store files.
 hey there did you know that JFK was one of the wealthiest US presidents?
 Haha that would be wild with President Trump and VP Hillary, talk about drama and dysfunction!
 haha well ya they had the same gavel until Nixon cracked it, bad omen!
 Wonder if he just banged it a bit too hard or if he was angry about something.  Nixon strikes me as a guy who got annoyed with things a lot... hehe.  
 haha ya he definitely has a tempor on him, very dumb that women couldn't wear pants in teh senate until 1993 too
 lol that funny, and ya good on Mikulski and Braun, that took courage to do the protest I'm sure
 Now, here's a weird one, did you know it took the Secret Service four DAYS to realize bullets had been fired at the White House on November 11, 2011?  Granted, those things can travel pretty far, but still... 
 wow that is very wild! You'd think they'd be on the ball with that! GWB put solar panels on the white house btw
 With all the accidents, I am surprised that Google's self-driving cars have an "aggressive" mode option.
 Yes, but with cell phones, the connection quality and "bars" of service have almost no correlation, which is surprising.
 Technology has definitely advanced dramatically. It is so good that dolphins can communicate over the telephone and appear to know who they are talking to!
 Very nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
 I do. I love Seinfeld! Did you know he has a net worth of more than Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise combined? 
 I did not know that but it sure is an interesting fact, there is an actor that earns 700,000 an episode, guess it pays to be a great actor
 Apparently! Tom Cruise was able to spend $10M on a bunker to protect him FROM ALIENS!! That's a lot!
 I think he had to learn that for "the last samurai". Did you know that the title refers to the entire clan and not just his character? I was surprised to learn that!
 I also love "that 70's show". Did you know they made a UK version?
 They did? do you know if that version was any good, I just to love the original so maybe I will watch the remake
 I loved Heather Locklear, i didn't realize she was also in Scrubs
 YEah, hes so committed. so interesting that he spent 2 years learning japanese just for a film
 Did you know he even received the golden globe award for best actor?
 Really? I wonder what he bought to protect himself from aliens? I mean if it is a bunker I think that is okay to be prepared for the end of the world. I'm sure he has the money to spare.
 I believe that. People get used to things that they don't think, they just do. Like 93% of people just click through the terms of service for a product. Only 7% read through the agreement!
 Did you know that we can hear radio storms on Jupiter through am radio? Probably better than a lot of music on there nowadays.
 I can't say that I'm super famlliar, what I do know is that in Finland, internet access is a literal personal right haha
 interesting, did you now that when you look yourself up on the internet, apparently the name for that is egosurfing?
 haha I was just thinking that, that makes me hungry, did you know that in 1948 Bing Crosby took up more than half of all radio time because he had so many hits?
 haha it wouldn't surprise me, apparently you can translate  solar radiation into a sound that you can listen to on the radio, maybe someone got addicted to that?
 yes I think it still has a use, I like Bill Murray a lot did you know that he played a role on a popular radio program from the 70's?
 that is interesting, radio is great science, and speaking of science did you know that on mars the sunset appears blue?
 I didn't know that, I do know that the sun is huge and massive, it makes up more than 99% of the mass in our solar system!
 that's true, what is crazy is because the sun is not one solid object, that means the equator spins faster than the sun's poles
 Also neptune completed its first full orbit around the sun since its discovery in 1846 on 2011, that is over half a century
 if you were transported to the 30's, would you listen to a ventriloquist on the radio? That is so baffling to me that that was a popular program
 Her frequent visits to rehab probably has something to do with that.  I saw a recent picture of her and she's aged a lot. 
 Dunno. I don't watch TV as much... Watching 750+ episodes of Pokemon doesn't really seem like a good way to pass the time.
 I guess they tried a UK version of the 70's Show and it was cancelled after only 10 episodes.  I kinda liked that show...
 It depends on what he's in.  Risky Business was good.  He spent 2 years learning Japanese for a movie so he is a dedicated actor.
 Yeah.  I guess spending $10M on an underground bunker qualifies for that.
 Wow, Seinfeld is worth $820M which is more that Hanks and Cruise combined... Lot's of money just to act...
 I don't know.  High Laurie is also rich.  He makes $700,000 per episode!  I never watched House...
 Yea I mean now you can even click on things at the Peak of Mt. Everest using 3g cell service
 I probably could not do it. At night pictures wont load here at all. Do you read the full terms when buying a product?
 nope, cloudy and cold. It's crazy the Sun is 99.86% of the total mass in the Solar System
 Yea, one second of energy from the sun could meet the Earth's energy needs of 500,000 years
 That would be so nice, especially right now! Free heat! Although the sun is big, it's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest ever found.
 That would be wild! Do you listen to the radio while you work?
 Did you know soldiers made a simple radio from a razorblade and a pencil? in the foxhole too!
 did you know that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon? thats insane
 I just learned that Tom is a scientologist! 
 That is funny. I did not know that Aladdins face was based on Tom Cruise.
 thats new to me too! I dont even really think he looks like Tom Cruise?
 they got Tom Cruise kicked out? I never knew that! Hes such a committed actor too. He learned japanese and swordplay for his role in the Last Samurai 
 I like it too! did you know Homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes?
 It definitely seems like a concept misunderstood by many people. It's hard to believe how many people answer those pitches claiming to be from tax-relief companies.
 They are all just using the Offer in Compromise loophole!    People are gullible, I guess.
 Definitely, it's interesting that you can just get these services from the IRS from free, but people don't realize it.
 On a different topic, did you know the 3 line menu on websites is called a hamburger button?
 Absolutely, but I think it can be dangerous when not used cautiously. Only 7% of people actually read the full terms of service when they buy products online.
 Definitely dangerous since you can't even go to the peak of mt. everest to escape!
 Astronomy facts are fascinating. Did you know lightning bolts are 5 times hotter than the sun
 If only we could capture that!   The sun produces enough energy for half a million years on earth in one second!
 Puts into perspective the importance of the solar system. I didn't know that the sun is really white, and only appears the yellow color we see it as.
 Light and sound waves are amazing things.    Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up on earth on AM radio.
 I haven't used a radio in ages! Even in WWII soldiers somehow made radios from a razorblade and pencil, it seems incredible
 Well, radio is eternal.    since 1989, a Finnish radio station does a news show in classical Latin!
 That's interesting! In other countries they are more strict, for example in Canada all radios have to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian music.
 Thanks!     Funny to think that radio waves really are eternal.
 Hello! I don't follow a lot of politics, but one fact I heard recently was that Trump is not one of the three wealthiest presidents in US history!
 I wonder if that's the same in other countries too, a lot of places have seemingly unpresidential things going on. Like in Indonesia, the president released 3 pop albums while in office!
 I do sometimes! But I think it's interesting how the countries that host the world cup don't actually benefit economically.
 I believe it's in Qatar! I bet they can afford it, even though the host city literally does not exist yet.
 No, but it would surprise me. They better get to work! 
 It's coming up quickly! Did you know that the Hungary national football team was super dominant in the 1950s?
 Haha yes they do the other weird thing is that there is no net economic gain when you host the FIFA World Cup, isnt that crazy?
 No but I want to see that! Did you know that soccer makes more than all other sports of the world combined? That is really crazy to me.
 Yes I don't know why it has not taken off in America. Did you hear about the German soccer player who donated his World Cup money to the 23 children in Brazil?
 Yeah it was about three hundred thousand Euros. That's a lot of money!
 Did not know that! Did you know that the president of Zimbabwe has a name. And his name is President banana LOL
 Nice!  I wasn't really rooting for any one team.  I just enjoy watching it.  Did you know that the 2022 Qatar FIFA world cup finals host city doesn't exist yet?  Kind of odd...
 Did he really? That's kind of funny! I also think it's funny that the US president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. It's like, I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
 Oh, that's awesome. I bet it was fun! Did you learn the three wealthiest presidents of all time were Jefferson, JFK and Washington? Isn't that hard to believe?
 That's a good question! I honestly don't know! Just as I didn't know until recently that until the year 1805, the presidential runner ups automatically became vice president. Can you imagine the chaos if that rule was still in place today?
 I bet the would be interesting to watch! Isn't it wild soccer makes more money than pretty much all the other major sports combined?
 I wonder if we'll see it in the 2022 World Cup? I'd like to even though, crazily enough, the city set to host it that year doesn't exist yet! That's pretty unbelievable!
 I do like to travel. It is interesting that the first king to travel around the world was the king of Hawaii. I would have thought it was a European King.
 I guess that takes care of air pollution, though I wonder who picks up the horse droppings so the bikes don't run through them!
 I am picturing sailing around the world on those dugout canoes, but probably it was on a more modern ship. Speaking of ships, isn't it surprising that phone cables just lay on the ocean floor and yet don't get damaged!
 That is pretty larger sounding for a basketball rim but I've seen cheerleaders go through them, so that makes sense I suppose.
 Do you know Matthew Sweet?  I guess the movie has some gay theme so it's good for young gay males.  It's not for me.
 No. Is that Spike Lee's thing?  I can't believe the tickets are $40=$98...
 I wonder why they started recruiting them so young. I thought there was ruled rules against that.   
 That's interesting! I wonder if their baskets are the mounted at the stander 10 feet?
 Wow I will have to try listening to that some time. Can you imagine listening to news in Latin. That is a hard language to learn. 
 I never knew all of this interesting stuff! WWII soldiers made radios with a razorblade and a pencil, they do not have to do that any more. 
 I wish I could have done that! I also wish that I could become a professional race car driver! That sounds awesome
 I do. I have never listened to a Jupiter radio storm though haha. I guess you can hear that on AM radio
 I also heard that the president of Indonesia has made three pop albums. While he was in office too! That is so insane haha
 Hey there, Yes, traveling is wonderful.
 The last place was Alaska. Air travel is up to 10% slower than it was n the 1960s in order to save fuel costs. That's interesting. 
 Yeah, they are both kinda scary to me. During the age of discovery, ships would release rabbits onto islands in order to provide food for travelers. That's going way back though.
 Yes, exactly. Instead of fetching baggage faster, airports make travelers walk further because people would get made waiting. in a weird way it's the same thing.
 Thank you, I wont take your gnome and travel.
 5? Wow, I did not know it was that many, I would have guessed 2, maybe 3. 
 Really, that's interesting! That's so long ago it seems.
 Did you know the consistent use of red and blue didn't start until 2000? I was surprised at the year!
 lol, yes!! The first president to speak a foreign language was FDR.
 Yes, It surprises me the only president to have a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.
 Very interesting the blackholes!! Also, that the Universe may be  super hologram!! Good chat!
 I had no idea, it's crazy how much we have learn about the universe since the earliest models from ancient Greek and Indian philosophers
 I agree! We now know that there used to be so much plasma in the universe that the universe was actually opaque--light couldn't travel through it!
 We also discovered stars that are cold enough to be touched by a human hand too!
 What?? That's incredible! I would love to experience that. There are so many hidden gems in the universe. There are theories that the universe actually exists in a black hole, and also that there is one cold spot in the universe where it might be a link to a parallel universe!
 If only they were closer!
 Since 1853 there has not been a president that wasn't either republican or democrat.
 Yes, I will have to check out the pop albums that the president of indonesia released, because that is too funny.
 Yes, totally disloyal.  He just grew up so differently though so maybe that is why.  Tickets to his high school games used to go for $100-$120.
 He is the highest paid celebrity right now actually.  Crazy that second behind him is Judge Judy!!
 That is a very sad thing to here.  More people should have been like Iverson.  He is receiving 800k a year until age 55 then a 32 million dollar lump sum!
 I heard the same thing
 The fact that LeBron makes more as a celebrity than Judge Judy is one thing, but that they're the top two is actually surprising
 Exactly. Have you heard of Reggie Miller? Amazing player, but his older sister Cheryl was even better (at least compared to her teammates and opponents). One time she scored 105 points in a game!
 My in laws are from the Cleveland area, they go from extremes when it comes to him, one minutes burning jerseys, the next in love with him.
 That granny style of free throws intrigues me.  It's proven to be better and players make more free throws by doing it, you'd think the success would overcome any stigma.  I thought winning was the number one goal.
 You could have asked me who was second and I don't think I would have ever guessed Judge Judy.
 That's surprising... Must entertain a lot.  Maybe even concerts like Linkin Park, a very hard working band with 324 concerts in 2001.
 Yeah, I thought maybe Trump would be in there... Speaking of presidents, Obama's Secret Service code name was "renegade"
 Yeah I wonder what the background on that is... Did you know that Pink Floyd had a concert in ancient Rome with no audience?  What a waste...
 I do as well. Did you know there hasn't been a president who wasn't a rep or dem since 1853?
 I wonder who that was. I guess I could google it... Republicans have won 24 of the last 40 elections!
 That's pretty good. I saw that every US president with a beard has been a republican.
 I did not know that GOP stood for Grand Old Party!
 Oh wow I had no idea! The last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in 1928.
 It seems like the civil rights act of 1964 shifted politics in the south, with more southern states becoming more republican.
 Interesting...I did not know that. I didn't know the red and blue that represents each party wasn't established until 2000.
 I feel like that has been around longer than 2000. Right?
 I agree. Did you know the Indian government sets up their polling booth in a forest full of lions?
 Heck no lol. I saw astronauts can vote from space.
 And not all men in the UK had the right to vote until 1918.
 Wow that's odd. 34% of the male black population in Alabama lost their right to vote. 
 Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington?
 LOL, that's funny!  Did you know that Rio de Janeiro almost had a chimpanzee as a mayor?
 No I didnt know that, I will have to look that in Google, I think im going to do that right now, its been a great chat by the way
 lol That name is crazy! Every president that has had a beard was a Republican!
 For sure.  I guess Dems just prefer being clean-shaven.    I had never been aware that George Washington was loaded.
 I don't know! Its great the astronauts can vote while in space!
 Yes - in India there was actually a voting booth in a forest filled with tigers!  That is pretty crazy.  
 Yes, I wouldn't think they would have the time, But if they sound good would be interesting!
 It is important in a democracy to maximize who can vote.  It was crazy that all men in the UK did not even have the vote until 1918.  And even later for women!
 I agree, It was a good idea in 1805 to change the idea that the runner up to president automatically became vice president!
 I don't think it could survive! Ha, ha, ha Since 1853 there hasn't been a president that wasn't a republican or democrat,
 Very true. Harry Truman road the Dumbo ride at Disneyland, but would let them photograph him.lol
 Really, interesting. I assumed they always used red and blue colors consistently, not since 2000! Good chat!!
 I believe I've heard that before.Truman refused to have his picture made on the Dumbo ride because he didn't want to have anything look as if he was connected with the republican party
 really? I always thought he had it made... he was carefree and didn't have any responsibilities Mickey took care of all his needs
 wow! she definitely changed over the years, lol republican president to democratic candidate....can you believe that the republicans and democratic are the only parties that  
 Thanks for clarifying. Every president with a beard was a republican!
 Oh really? I never knew that! Another odd fact is that a chimpanzee once received 400,000 votes for mayor in Rio de Janeiro! 
 Ha ha! That chimpanzee in Rio didn't win unfortunately, but came in third place. 
 His loyalty from Fox seems to have waned this week.
 I agree. I didn't know Ayn Rand was on Medicare and Social Security, with the way everyone on the right holds her up, I bet they don't know either.
 I would like to see AOC on the field, lol. I didn't know JFK voted against the civil rights act.
 I think it is interesting that the President is not just a term for the US.  Many other countries have Presidents too
 With the US system of government, one can still be President even though they lost the popular vote, it has happened 5 times already!
 Apparently the greatest margin of losing was like 10%, that is a lot of people.
 That would be strange, earlier in her life she was president of Young Republicans in college.  How ironic.
 And now she is on the other side.  And I believe Trump used to identify as Democrat as well
 Everything is backwards, Ayn Rand who was pretty famous as a republican used social security and medicare, which is usually opposed to an extent by Republicans which I think is kind of funny.
 Yea, it's pretty crazy a chimpanzee got 400,000 votes in a mayoral election
 Pretty funny, I never knew that Canada was a US state it would only have 50 electoral votes
 Did you know that using of "red" and "blue" colors only started in 2000? Well, I'm not old enough to remember, but I was sure it was always like this. 
 Trump isn't in a list of Top 3 wealthiest Presidents in US history. I didn't know that. Interesting! 
 I was shocked by that too.  His name was Cannan Banana.  So it wasn't like some of the names we have for politicians in America! 
 Can you believe the first president of Zimbabwe was called "President Banana"? That's pretty crazy 
 Yeah, Canada isn't that big at all. California is huge, it's got like 40 million people
 Yeah, and in 6 out of the last 7 elections Republicans have lost the popular vote. I think the only one that won it was Bush in 2004
 Yeah, it's crazy to think that majority doesn't always win
 Yes I avoid them because of that difficulty. Speaking of presidents, the three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I agree. I wonder if he's the one that made the guest house bigger at the White House than the White House itself?
 This means that the first one was "good" enough to warrant the publication of 2 others. That is surprising.  
 Wow, I didn't that!
 Yes I think so. I'm also shocked that Trump is not in the top three, and further I'm shocked that the last President to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR, that was a long time ago
 Haha that's a good point. did you know that Abraham Lincoln was the first president to be taken with a photograph on his inauguration? And John Wilkes booth was actually in that picture with him? That's so crazy
 Yeah that seems like it could be a problem today haha. Did you know that only five presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote? That's pretty nuts to me
 That would be embarrassing LOL, do you like Abba by the way? they turn down a billion dollars to do a, 100 concert tour. That seems crazy, I know I would do taht
 Yeah I would check that out! I would also check out a Foo Fighters concert, they did one so loud, that it showed up on seismic monitors back in New Zealand LOL
 I did not know that.  I just thought they voted early, like me.  But, I guess with the many months stays on the International Space Station, voting early is out of the question and provisions had to be made to vote from space.  In an interesting bit of trivia, India sets up a voting booth in a lion-infested forest for one voter.  That has to be a high risk commute to go and vote!!!
 Wow, whomever he or she votes for should win!
 Yes, you are right.  Before Trump it was actually George Washington who in todays times would be half a billionaire!
 The history of voting hasn't been great, not everyone had the right to vote until the 1960s. It's pretty cool that astronauts still vote.
 Lol, for sure. That's pretty funny. I wonder how different it'd look for Truman at Disneyland back then, probably was just like any other person there right? Now the whole place would be shut down for whoever the president is.
 You think Trump is a good businessman? Seems like his track record showed he wasn't and probably not that rich unlike JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 YesThat is interesting I thought it was always a moniker for the parties. I guess in the past the elephant used to be more representative of Republicans. Especially since Truman didn't even want to be pictured with one.
 I think it's funny that they voted on Fred Durst!
 Yes I wonder how those albums were received in the country? Oddly enough the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House. It was nice talking with you this morning. Hope you have a good day.
 Ha.   Gotta love outdated information.  I checked out the President Banana thing.  It turns out his name is Cannan Banana.
 No way! That is insane!! Even more crazy, before the rule changed in 1805 in the US the runner up in the Presidential election became the VP.
 Well, since 1853 there hasn't been a President that was not Republican or Democrat.
 Yes I agree. The Republican Party has also been given the name the Grand Old Party, or the GOP and originally subscribed to liberalism.
 I'm good with that. There has been such a rivalry between the parties that Truman visited Disneyland in 1957 and refused to get photographed on the Dumbo ride to not be associated with Republicans
 hey did you know that the only presidents to sport beards have been republicans?
 ya that is screwy, what I didn't know too is that red and blue for dems adn republicans only started in the year 2000
 haha ya that would eb interesting! before trump, the last president who didn't have a nixon or bush on the ticket was in the year 1928
 Was that for the republicans? I find it unreal that trump isn't one of the top three richest presidents.
 ya I was shocked at that too, it must be adjusted for inflation if washington and jefferson were in the top 3
 I didn't know that the Kennedy family was that wealthy. I think that trump acted awful after John McCain's death
 nope we've seen in politics that money doesn't buy class, reminds me of the president of zimbabwe, I don't know why he is called president banana.
 That's hilarious. I think we should call all of our presidents, Banana from now on. Even the one from Indonesia, even though he is literally a rock star.
 I hope not, lol. If he does, he can go to Disney and announce his presidency from the Dumbo ride, since he's more of a democrat anyway.
 haha that's true, what is cool is that astronauts vote from space, I never knew that
 ya that is not good, also surprising that before 1918 not all men in the uk had the right to vote
 thats a good point I don't remember hearing about lions there, do you like fred durst? I guess Austin TX voted to rename their garbage dump after him haha
 haha that would be funny! Apparently the Republican party was founded in 1854 and was founded by anti-slavery activists
 Yes, it was, and Theodore Roosevelt formed the "Bull Moose" party.
 I didn't realize JFK was so wealthy. In any case, thanks for the informative chat.
 Hello,  do you like music or dance?  Its so crazy that ballet dancers go through about 4 pairs of shoes in about a week! 
 Wow that is nice!  I read he tried to get the crowd to do sing a longs but it was a bust lol I guess no one wanted to sing a long!
 Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 That was a great album so many great songs on it!  Do you like linkin park?  What's you favorite song?
 Nice.  I think all the songs they did with Jay z were amazing!  My favorite LP song was Numb. 
 That is very impressive!  Who still buys it I wonder?  Like people who just lost their copy? lol 
 Haha maybe you are waiting for that sale ...for 15 years for the price to go down.  surprise,  hes a very popular player,  its not going down. ll
 Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker.
 I hope there is a video of this somewhere,  that would be hilarious!
 Awww it is so cute when babies dance!  I have seen it happen a lot! Do you remember the dancing baby from Ally Mc Beal?
 Cuz I loved that weird show!  lol 
 Nice!  i guess it you dont have audible that would be the way to go!  Its been fun chatting!  Have a good one! 
 Yea, it's pretty crazy how you're able to manipulate the amplitude of radio wave to listen to music on a radio
 Good One! Did you know Aerosmith made more money from guitar Hero than any album??? Crazy!
 I know, it's crazy. They have had a ton of Albums too so it's mind boggling lol
 I am a christian :) I know it's an amazing universe out there! There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen to it and it's the suns Music!
 Yes, I think that is too sweet! I like many genre's as well, always listening! One of the most famous radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist.....can't explain that one lol!!!
 Exactly! We are very fortunate to have such a vast entertainment sources. I like watching people dance, that can be very exciting!
 I have not seen it, I will have to look it up! Did you know that parrots dance perfectly in time with music? We have a parrot and so entertaining!
 Did you know astronauts have faster internet up in space than we do?
 They must be closer to the satellites that project the signal.
 I totally agree with you on that one. We need to get like Finland where the internet is a right everybody has.
 Did you know Homer Simpson has held 188 jobs throughout the first 400 episodes?
 I always though he worked at the nuclear plant
 Haha I agree. Do you watch shark tank? Most of those deals are never enacted. 
 More of a sham in my eyes. Oh well I guess it's entertaining for most people.
 On SNL, weekend update appeared on the first episode and is still going so that's a plus.
 yes that is always fun as well.  I heard once that there are more libraries than Mcdonalds in the United States
 yes, I found it a bit surprising as well.  I also read once that there was the man who was falsely imprisoned and spent most of his time in the library proving his innocence.  He is now free and a lawyer
 Now that is really awesome!  I saw that a library in Sacramento has whats called a "library of things" that you can check out stuff you need like sewing machines, and other items.
 Ha thats hilarious!  Wow I read that there is actually 3g service and internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest.
 That is so crazy that the internet is literally everywhere.  They say that clicking links on the internet can cause some people actual addiction
 I am not even sure what this means but a library in Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet incase the internet burns down.  How do you save the entire internet when its constantly changing
 that is interesting.  do you read the full term when you are buying something off the internet?  I saw that only 7 % of people actually do read them.
 I do enjoy watching tv.  did you know that there is only one episode of the simpsons that Bart was never mentioned and never actually appeared on the show
 Wow he had lots of work experiences.  LOL!  they have made 750 episodes of pokemon which equals out to 50 a year for 16 straight years.  I have never seen even one. 
 Yes and I think it's important to make sure that you are ok with meeting a diverse group of people in college, because not everyone is going to be the same as where you came from
 Yeah I can imagine. It's interesting how most campuses are like Villages where everyone gets to see the other people on campus and whether they are nice people are not almost immediately
 Haha I feel you on that. Did you know that if you sell a book in Norway that the government will buy 1000 copies to put in the government libraries?
 Yep I agree. Are you going to donate any books to your local library by the way? William Gladstone donated an entire wheel barrel of books back in 1895
 He did and wheeled them 3/4 of a mile.
 Yep it is amazing! Also it's crazy that if you watch 50 episodes a year it would take you 16 years to watch them all LOL
 There was a man that found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfather's attic!
 Yes, I do. Speaking about facebook, did you know that 1/3 of all divorce filings in the US in 2011 contained the word 'facebook'? Astonishing, right?
 1/3 of all divorce fillings? wow that is crazy, I guess Facebook can be a dangerous tool if you forget to log out or give a like to the wrong picture
 I agree. It can also be the source of much fake news. 30% of Americans rely on Facebook as their primary source of news! 
 There are actually more people on facebook right now than there were in the world 200 years ago!
 Really? That's very interesting. Facebook was actually originally intended to be only used by Harvard students. I am suprised it blew up so quickly!
 Yep. In Ohio, it is illegal to warm up your car. I found that very surprising!
 Until the early 1800s, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president, that seems to be chaotic checks and balances.
 Yeah that seems quite hectic to me too since the runner up is someone from the opposing party.
 It really would be good entertainment just like the ideas I'm getting for the current nicknames for the president, like the president of Zimbabwe was called president banana.
 Yes I like playing at two and I also get angry when I lose LOL. The longest game of monopoly lasted 70 days.
 Wow that's a long time! Did you know you could get monopoly pieces by mail? I had no idea!
 Haha never but that's funny he did that to Johnny Depp!
 Good question. Monopoly was initially intended to be a capitalist teaching tool!
 Wow I didn't know that! Guess I need to catch up with the show. Well it was nice talking to you, have a nice day!
 I actually watched the Simpsons as well. Did you know that there is only ONE episode of the Simpsons where Bart isn't mentioned or even appears?
 That's nuts. Do you like Pokemon also?
 Interesting! Fun fact, Comedy Central has canceled over 100 shows since they've been created.
 It is! I guess it's SO popular in Japan, that many are surprised to discover that it's also popular in America.
 I love the Cincinnati Reds because I'm from that area lol. Looks like we are both in Ohio. 
 Very cool. I used to love Riverfront stadium. Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play if needed?
 I agree. Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 I do too. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?
 Wow that's cool. There is only one episode of the Simpsons in which Bart does not appear in.
 That's funny! Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?
 Wow I didn't know that either. Seems like that shouldn't happen.
 Its crazy how long games can last. 
 I know :) It's so much about capitalism that it was banned in some countries in the eastern world. It's even still banned in 2!
 Oh how cool. I just looked him up. Its his real name! Canaan Banana. Unlike the nicknames our guy has
 Surprising from what he claims!. It was nice talking to you!
 I didn't know that. I wonder why? Speaking of presidents have you heard that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office? Can you imagine if one of our presidents had done that?
 I wonder that too. Jimmy Carter was the one who installed them in the first place, then Ronald Reagan took them down. At least he wasn't a scrooge like Teddy Roosevelt and banned Christmas trees from the White House.
 Teddy Roosevelt was very interesting, some of his customs were strange. I can't believe the White House still uses floppy disks for storage. How antiquated.
 I know, I wonder where they would even find floppy disc. I haven't seen them sold anywhere in years, even at yard sales. They must have bought all the stock in the world.
 That is pretty wild, the White House is huge too. Heck, it took the Secret Service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the White House on November 11, 2011. That's kind of scary to me. 
 I know, I wonder how wealth was calculated back then. Was he just a big land owner?
 I think it's mostly because of felonies. I believe 34% of the black male population has at least low class felonies which makes them unable to vote. I do think that's a good name for a dump!
 I think it's hilarious, as I do like him. In India, there is a polling booth in a forest that has a lot of lions. All for a single voter. I couldn't imagine that happening here in the states.
 woah no way!  where is it??
 Yes. He's released 3 pop albums! Crazy.
 Seriously? That's insane! The white house is so fascinating. It still uses floppy disks to store files. How absurd.
 my husband and nephew like the patriots. I like football well enough but I freaking hate the NFL so I dont watch it often. I know theres a wide receiver who likes to raise awareness for people experiencing homeless that don't have adequate shoes.
 lol I will try that advice for when I have stinky shoes, did you know a ballet dancer can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week? Those probably stink too
 thats so many. how much do you think that would cost? 
 No but I think it'll cost a lot. It would be a lot more than those shoes that Stephon Marbury promotes are only $15 that's for sure
 I have always liked bowling shoes. i think that they're stylish, in the 60s it would have been almost cosmopolitan. the pro bowlers got paid more than the nfl back then
 Yes that is very odd. It's also odd that there are 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes, I wonder how that is possible
 that is wild, also that humans are amazing long distance runners, I'm definitely not gifted in that department haha
 Haha I agree with you. Are you still hairy though? Apparently humans lost most of their body hair 200,000 years ago
 Yeah, I think it is important to vote too.. I mean astronauts even vote from space.
 Could be they had to be land owners or some such like it used to be in our country.  But even now 34% of the black male population in Alabama has permanently lost the right to vote.
 That is very funny.  I was surprised that George Washington was one of our wealthiest presidents.  I never realized he was rich.
 Yeah me too. I mean Trump has so much money so imagine what he had at that time
 Yes our president is unique.  Not as unique as the first president of Zimbabwe though - he was known as president banana!
 They go to such lenghts that even astronauts can vote, I dont see why they shouldnt lift that ban and wow! is it really that big!
 That's crazy! Did you know that the Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions just for 1 voter?
 I don't think I would enjoy that job, but I wish I could vote like the astronauts, they cast their vote from space!
 You too, take care!
 Right.  College football has a lot of funding too. 
 That's true at the high school level, too. The stadium in Allen, Texas, cost $60 million. That's for high school!
 That is an achievement! 
 yup! This is a bummer Almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin c, but humans cannot because the gene for this enzyme is defective
 I feel like I only know this from experience.  There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 Great talking to you have a good one. 
 I didn't know that. I wonder how many times that's backfired on them?
 That was a well deserved Emmy. Did you know in the 60s that top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars? 
 That's alot, I bet that gets expensive quick! Maybe they should try to find some 5000 year old shoes, apparently they perform better than modern shoes.
 Yeah. You're probably right! Though it would be interesting to see but probably disasterous. Well, if you are the president of Indonesia, you would have time to release 3 pop albums while in office, ha.
 Oh, I can totally imagine him loving being president. Well, voting is important in any case, though I was not happy with the results of the last election. The Indian government sets up a polling booth in a lion filled forest for just one person.
 Can you imagine being 65 years old and still biking to work?
 No, I didn't. I wonder if someone would cry voter fraud on that. LOL. Did you know that 34 percent of black men in Alabama can never vote?
 I agree there is, but there are so many interesting Presidential facts. Did you know that JFK, Washington and Jefferson were the wealthiest presidents in American history?
 I think that is because of a skin condition. Did you know that the US President's guest house is larger than the White House?
 Yes it is nice. It's hard to believe that Astronauts can vote from space.
 I would think they are doing it electronically from space, but who knows! I know Indian Government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter! No thanks.
 I agree. I guess until 1918 not all men in the UK had the right to vote.
 That really is a shame! Did you know that until 1805 in the US, the runner up in a Presidential election automatically became the VP?
 Yes, I agree. Pretty crazy that the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I heard that too, that President Bush was very saddened. Really? Wow, you would think President Trump would be the wealthiest!
 I find them interesting. Haven't heard a good one in a while.
 This Dr one is a doosey I have not heard of. Have you?
 No, I hadn't heard it before. Pretty wild story.
 Did you hear Teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams are the only two us presidents that did not use a bible at their swearing-in ceremonies.
 I didn't realize that. Thomas jefferson created his own version of the bible, using a razor to cut out the 'supernatural' parts.
 Apple only became known as an apple when the bible was translated into latin in the 4th century, because the word "malus" means both apple and evil.
 Wow. That's bizarre. Students used to have to read the bible in elementary school before 1963.
 The biblical tower of babel was likely based on a real building, the etemenanki in modern-day iraq
 Interesting. The bible has sold over 5 billion copies.
 Really????Citizens of austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst
 That's funny! Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter.
 Speaking of voting...Astronauts vote from space
 Haha. 34% of the black male population in alabama has permanently lost the right to vote! I wonder why
 Not all men in the uk had the vote until 1918.
 Lots of interesting things I didn't know about voting!
 I did hear about that. It's actually pretty scary in my opinion, that the government would try to do something like that. Also scary is that the Chinese government censor the word for censorship, that's how you know you're screwed LOL
 That is scary, but what about the list that you are forced to be put on, it's a public list and anyone who renounces their US citizenship has to go on it
 Haha I hope so! Did you know that he took a $78 pay cut back in 2014, he only made $8 that year
 Haha wait what is the cheese wheel lol? I don't know about that haha. What about the fact that he was bullied so severely he had to be hospitalized? That's really crazy
 No I didn't know about that either. Apparently Elon Musk doesn't patent the technology that uses for space travel, because China would see his designs and they don't respect patents
 Interesting. I do like that he owns a company called the boring company LOL. I guess if they're trying to use boring in the sense of digging tunnels and stuff, they do infrastructure and also Tunnel construction.
 Basically a country that's built around gambling. And apparently back in the 1800's they made so much money from casinos that they got rid of their income tax, maybe I should move there LOL
 Haha I guess I could do that too. Did you know that the only president that ever had a PhD was Woodrow Wilson back in the 1910s?
 No he's definitely not one of the richest. I forget who they are, but there are three other presidents who are richer than him. Also he is one of the five presidents who was elected while losing the popular vote
 I heard that they complained to the white house when they learned of Mike Pence's visit with the federation. Sounds like some jealousy. 
 It was funny when Bruno tweeted a picture of a hat and a lunchbox to Musk in an attempt to fight back.
 I am not surprised seeing as he works in major roles in SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink and Paypal.  Who would have time to go to school.
 He also sold X.com to Ebay for 1.5 billion dollars. That is so much money! It is weird to think that he has started yet another company in 2016 called the Boring Company for infrastructure and tunnel construction. 
 It is weird to think that Musk was bullied as a child.  He even had to be hospitalized because of one of the attacks. I bet none of his bullies ever saw that coming.
 That guy really knows how to run a company! He would probably run it better than the government. They have shut down 17 times over the past 37 years. 3 times in 1977 alone! he would never let that happen.
 Up until 1805 the loser of the election became Vp. How crazy
 I watch it quite a bit at night for ASMR videos to relax to.  It is amazing how much it has grown in recent years. 
 Technically it is considered a search engine which surprised me because I tend to think of it as more of content sharing site. I guess because it has multiple results in the search function it qualifies. 
 I agree, I wish everyone would take a little bit of time out of their day to research the facts and make an effort to vote.  Unfortunately, I only see that number getting lower over time.  It seems like younger people are less motivated to get out and vote.
 did you know that the taller candidate wins in american politics about 75% of the time?
 ya so maybe the democrats should run a basketball player in 2020 haha, did you know that the runner up in the presidential race used to become the VP?
 Ya that is crazy. It seems to attract the rich, JFK, Washington and Jefferson were the most wealthy presidents apparently, Trump isn't in the top 3, which is weird.
 That is weird but I bet Trump lies about how rich he really is.  I think what is weird is that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed during his inauguration and boothe, his killer was in the photo.
 ya that is a scary foreshadowing! have you ever visited the white house? apparently the guest house is bigger than the white house itself!
 haha ya just barely! I think that would be a good rule honestly, what is crazy too is how long republicans and democrats have been around, since 1853 apparently, and every president with a beard is a republican too, democrats don't like beards I guess
 haha that's true, I guess the colors red and blue weren't used for republicans and democrats consistently until 2000 which is shocking I thought that was always the case
 haha well that tells you how much people are actually paying attention/actually care, also probably why at most the usa gets 63% voter turnout at best
 In order to have more votes, I think more states should conduct elections through mail.  Oregon elections are only conducted through mail.  
 wow that would improve it for sure, have you ever visited disneyland? I guess truman visited disnland and just would not get a photo with dumbo because of the republican elephant symbolism haha
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you watch much YouTube?  I was just reading some interesting facts about them.  Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net.
 Yes I probably watch at least 1 video a day on Youtube,  mostly snowboarding lol Did you know Justin bieber's "baby" is the most disliked video on youtube
 Yeah I think a lot of companies have their own channel where they can upload either training videos or content for their business.  Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
 Their netflix original shows and movies are really good quality!  Are you watching any Netflix originals?
 Oh ok.  Did you know Blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $50 million. netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 I know right,  they missed out on that! The company also has offices in the Netherlands, Brazil, India, Japan, and South Korea.Netflix's initial business model included DVD sales and rental by mail, but Hastings jettisoned the sales about a year after the company's founding to focus on the DVD rental business.
 Yes it does,  and to think it got its start from something so simple " After racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13, reed hastings was inspired to start netflix"
 These are great!  So much stuff I didn't know! From 9pm to 12am, netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america.
 Who evens request the dvds anymore lol 
 good talking to you too! 
 I love watching youtube! you? The first youtube video was uploaded of a guy talking about an elephant.
 Yes it is. Now there are millions. In 2007 youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in 2000! So crazy.
 Yes that is really saying something. Did you know that youtube began as a dating website?
 Really? I didn't
 Yes quite surprising. If you like Bob Ross paintings you're in luck because youtube has 70 full episodes.
 Yep. All there if you want them. Do you watch TV too? I liked the Simpsons. In the first 400 episodes Homer had 188 jobs lol.
 Yeah true like a reality show right? You like Netflix? It has 137 million subscriber worldwide!
 Yeah I definitely do. It was kind of interesting how Netflix's original model included DVD sales. 
 Yeah they have. They pay people to watch Netflix and simply tag the content. Sign me up!!!
 You as well. have a good day. Netflix has almost 150 movies with 100% on rotten tomatoes. Amazing.
 well it is apparnetly JFK Jefferson and Washington, they must have take inflation into account
 ya that is true, I think he shoudl do like the president of indonesia and make some pop albums haha
 haha it could be amazing!  did you hear the president of Zimbabwe is literally called President Banana?
 ya the runner up became VP, imagine VP Hilllary right now and the drama that would cause!
 ha that is interesting, and ya there hasn't been a president who wasnt a dem or republican since about 1853, thats a pretty long time
 ya I guess, weird that they only started using blue and red in the year 2000, seems like theyve always used it in my lifetime
 ya apparently there was a couple switches thorughout the time of the Republican party, and it is still perplexing that the red/blue split onlly started in the year 200
 nope very weird, also weird that President Truman wouldnt get his pic taken with Dumbo
 that that seems very dumb, and ya I guess the Rep. party was started way back in 1854
 ya that is true, also true is that every president we've had has been either a Dem or Rep. since 1853
 Hi, how are you?
 yeah, I was surprised that Trump did not make the top 3, probably old data before Trump was elected
 yeah, that' making guests feel at home huh?
 yeah, that was his real name, I looked it up. Crazy, was his VP, Mr. Apple?
 I think they mean that no democrat presidents have ever had a beard
 That's funny! All Presidents since 1853 have been either Republican or Democrat
 Haha. I wonder if he ever visited the White House?
 Sure could. The president of indonesia makes pop albums!
 Yes! It used to be that the runner up of the election became vice president. That would never fly these days!
 He didn't want to be associated with republicans by standing near an elephant!
 Weird lol 
 They only started using red and blue to separate the parties in 2000.
 The taller candidate usually wins! 75% of the time since 1900
 I didn't realize there was a watch for the blind
 I just burst out laughing!! 
 Wow, thats like 50 episodes of Pokemon a year
 3rd rock from the sun was really wacky, they actually beat out Seinfield, Friends, and Frasier for best comedy in the 1997 emmys
 Do you listen to the radio?  Apparently, Canadian Law requires radios to have at least 40% of music played be Canadian.
 Yep it's actually a good movie. I never read the book, but I heard it's very different from the movie. The movie is definitely very anti-military though
 Yep I was too, I don't know how they determine cultural significance, Busta Rhymes did a voice in The Rugrats Movie, I watch that back in 1998 I'll have to check it out again
 Do you like Busta Rhymes' work?  I did not know that he was the voice of the reptar wagon.
 Nope how would you know, have you ever heard of a compliment battle? Apparently that's a type of rap in Japan
 That would certainly be embarrassing.  I think she was very brave to do something like that to a president. I guess she got a story!
 Pilrims clothing was colorful and only wore black for special occasions...
 I know! I thought the same thing. I think Hollywood has warped our perceptions of a lot!
 Okay, jelly fish are kind of gross. What is amazing is the black swallower fish. It's hard to believe that a being can eat something that's twice it's length and ten times its weight and survive. It must get heartburn. It would be so heavy, how could it still swim?
 The zebrafish facts are also very interesting. I worked at a university and the researchers there work with zebrafish a lot. Now I know why; 84 per cent of their genes can be related  somehow to human diseases.
 One of my favorites was a story about President John Quincy Adams and a tenacious reporter.  Supposedly reporter Anne Royall was frustrated about not getting an interview.  So, while Adams was skinny dipping in the Potomac, she sat on his clothes until she got the interview!
 I wonder why the history books, when I was growing up, only showed them in black.  I guess it was because the Pilgrims are associated with Thanksgiving and that would be a special occasion.  I was surprised to hear that in 1986, Apple made an unsuccessful attempt at entering the clothing market.  I just can't see computers and clothing having a common market audience and strategy.
 Other than getting my suits fitted, I have little expereince with custom clothes; off the rack is good enough for me!   But, if you are travelling and looking for cheap clothes, go to Alabama where they sell clothes and other items from unclaimed airport luggage!
 I not sure.  It seems my luggage gets lost at least once a year, but eventually shows up.  Getting back to fish, I was surprised by the "Stuff You Missed in History Class" that the oldest continually operating fish market is in Washington DC, circa 1805.  I would have thought that east coast cities would have had that record! 
 And from another podcast episode, they attribute the 7th inning stretch to President William Taft.  It seems he was tired of sitting, got up to stretch, and everyone else stood up out of respect to the President!
 Same to you.  I think I might go and check out the Indonesian Presidents 3 pop albums, just out of curiosity!
 I did not. I wonder why? It was sooo good here!
 wow thats great to know, no wonder they are man's best friends, I mean the Dogs, lol. I knew that Dogs can learn over 1000 wordsd and can reason better than Chimps. 
 Its all crazy stuff, but the law governing pets and their ownership also may affect such thing, I dont think in the US They would allow us to let our dogs go around by themselves, in Queensland, its illegal to own a rabbit without having a magicians license  
 Seriously? That's insane. I always thought dogs were colorblind, evidently they can see colors just like we can.
 That's insane. Who thinks of these things?
 wow that's something though a long process for sure. 
 I know, I trust mike pompeo though and North Korea reaffirmed its commitment to pompeo last week. 
 They are very unusual. They're very stubborn and this husky had one brown eye one blue eye. But I also didn't know that dogs have 12 different blood types? Did you know that?
 That's a good question. I hope that they do dog blood drives, and I also hope that the dogs get a treat afterwards LOL
 Yep these are all great questions haha. I would imagine that they have to use needles, I don't know how they would get the blood out though. Also weird, did you know that the only animals that understand pointing are dogs and elephants?
 Yeah I bet they have a good sense of smell haha. Do you think we should do the same thing that Istanbul does? They train their wild dogs to bring the trash to them so it can be disposed, and then they give them treats for doing that
 Yep that must be it. I think it's interesting that the emperor of Japan is a scientist though. He does actually published papers too, even to this day
 That sounds awesome! I missed my calling haha. You would think that astronauts would all be scientists though, but apparently only one scientist has walked on the moon so far
 No, that is crazy! I wonder if they have their own version of O-.
 I am confused how dogs in moscow use the subway.
 I did hear about that. I'm shocked that Trump was not on that list though. I'm also shocked that the president of Indonesia released pop albums while he was in office haha I think that he would have better things to do
 Yes that's very different. I don't think that would have been a good outcome with vice president Hillary and President Trump haha talk about drama
 Haha yes maybe president banana is super tall haha. speaking of presidents in the White House, did you know that George W bush is the one that put solar panels on the White House
 Yeah that seems very outdated. It also seems bad that the Secret Service didn't realize that bullets were shot at the White House for four days
 Interesting. it's also interesting that the White House has twin buildings in other countries, one is in France and one is in Ireland, I wonder if they have solar panels on them as well haha
 Why just think it's interesting that the white house was first constructed back in 1801, that was a long time ago!
 i had no idea about that
 That custom sure did not last long, Might not have been a bad idea though. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents in history are??
 Yes, but I was totally surprised when I read that. Never would have guessed. 
 That is so silly!  But at least not as unkind as it could be! 
 That's what I remember too. And I guess Mike Rogers says that Trump has not told his Department to mess with the Russia investigation which is interesting
 Yes I know some things about it, for instance the top three richest presidents are Jefferson, Washington, and also JFK
 Yes that doesn't make any sense! It also doesn't make sense why the president of Indonesia released three pop albums, you would think he'd have more important things to do
 I heard that he did that while he was in office. That makes it even stranger than if it wore before or after. 
 Yep it is very strange. It's also strange that our old system would have the runner-up of the presidential election become the vice president, talk about weird
 No that would be crazy with Vice President Clinton and president Trump, that would be so much drama lol
 I think they call him president banana right? I wonder if he want his election fair and square or if he used bananas to get him elected LOL
 Yeah I don't know, and I don't know why they would not have been admitted, what do you think about the fact that in 75% of presidential elections, the taller candidate has won
 I think so, it must be built into our genes, what do you think about the fact that Nevada lets you choose a"none of these candidates"voting option when you vote
 Yep we're just not vote at all, it's very silly I think but it's interesting on the last, isn't it sad though that the maximum voter turnout in the United States has been about 63%
 Isn't that surprising?  We have had more actors and reality stars than doctors!
 Wow! we really need more and much better doctors! 
 Hello, did you know that officials in ancient Athens were appointed by a lottery.
 I did not know that, interesting fact, I might search that later, makes you think of the other candidates they must have been really bad options.
 What!! we sure live in a crazy world, do you happen to know another weird fact? I will definetely search for that one too. 
 I agree, reporters should be neutral, and I guess Lincoln never imagined Booth was going to be the author of his death.
 Did not know that, I would have guess the number of presidents with a phd was much higher. Did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Yeah, it makes you think about what else is different, in our defense we have Trump and that is oddly enough. 
 I didnt know that, but I bet Trump is the strangest of them all, theres always something new with him. 
 Very much so! Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?
 Indeed! Funny how Nevada is the only state to have a "none of these" option for presidential elections.
 I would probably choose that option. Since 1990 the taller candidate has won 75% of the time. 
 Agreed! Did you know the white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files?
 yes, that is true. And maybe something like Nevada, where they have a 'none of these candidates' option
 it is indeed. And on the fun fact side, 75% of the time the taller candidate has won the election in us.
 That's a good one. And in the US apparently the guest house is larger than the white house.
 Oh how cool, I did not know that. Did you know that despite the fact that Trump is so wealthy he still is not the wealthiest president?
 Seems that way. Or maybe we should shoot for presidents like the one in Indonesia who has released 3 pop albums.
 hahhaa true. apparently in 2012 the international electorate was blocked from polls in nine states
 it is international people who observe to make sure that there is no switching of votes. Speaking of politics, the white house still uses floppy disks to store files
 There you go. Apparently the white house was struck in november 11, 2011 but the white houses did not notice it for four days
 Yeah maybe they should improve technology elsewhere. I remember they took four days to even realize the White House had been struck by bullets on 9/11.
 I have no idea, I'm sure it must be a traditional name or something. I wonder if he was rich, did you know  Trump isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents of US history?
 Really?  I wonder if they account for inflation when calculating things like that.
 Trump is that.  I think the only US president to have a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.
 Former president Obama was no University professor.  He was just a campus organizer for protests and such.  Sorry, no PHD for him, unless it was an honorary one.
 I bet if that cat, Hank, ran voter turnout would skyrocket.
 Hello - I do read some political news. Did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson and Washington?
 That's funny. I would hate to have that nickname. The presidents guest house is actually bigger than the white hosue.
 I heard about the guest house.  I think it should be the other way around.  The White House should be bigger than the guest house.
 I agree. Until 1805, the runner up for president automatically became the vice president.
 Wow!  I cannot imagine Hillary Clinton as Trump's vice president.  They would literally wrestle each other, I think.
 That would be nuts if they were together like that. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums.
 That was interesting. I hope he did not neglect his presidential job.  Three pop albums would require him to spend a lot of time, I think.
 I'd hope not either. I can't imagine Trump singing pop songs lol.
 I don't agree with that either. Officials in Athens were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to oligarchy.
 I saw that voter turnout for a US president hasn't breached 62% in the last 100 years.
 Yes he banned Christmas trees in the white house. Did you also know that the white house still uses floppy disks in storing files? I don't remember the last time I saw a floppy disk!
 I lived in florida as a kid and we had some serious tropical storms... but weirdly enough the only hurricane winds I experienced in life were when I lived in ohio! 
 I watch it because I like to choose adversary teams to my friends. I cant believe how little nfl players used to be paid, in the 60s bowlers were paid more.
 yeah it is but the NFL really ruins it for me. its wild to think how much watching sports has changed because of computers and the ability to do things with remote controls. 
 Yeah, it was the only time my sun roof thing leaked.  I am amazed that with all our satellites and technology, we never seem to know where they'll hit until they are actually there.
 Amen to that.  I know they  are unpredictable, as was Florence, but c'mon the space shuttle can run on 1MB of RAM!
 That's interesting, I didn't hear about that. Of course, I only recently learned that Minnie Mouse's name is Minerva.
 Really? I like Minnie better.  Did you know Bill Nye was a science consultant for Disney's Flubber?
 Things have changed.  I can't believe my alma mater can up the score on Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  
 Hi there. Are you a fan of Disney? The Disney character Minnie Mouse is short for Minerva mouse.
 Yes me too. Do you remember the movie flubber? Bill Nye was the science consultant for that movie.
 It's crazy that smoking voids the warranties of apple computers, sounds like a rip off
 It is sad and very alarming to see people mock tense situations like sexual harassment, I believe the president does that to a certain extent as well. 
 Oh wow, I guess as some would like to call "The Romance Language". Fashionistas can tell whether or not you got your clothes tailored by looking at the collar gaps on your clothes, I don't think any of my clothes are tailored.
 I am learning to sew to tailor and make my own clothes. i think it is interesting how clothing is different through cultures. the greeks made clothes out of asbestos!
 Oh wow, I've attempted to hem my own jeans once and that was a disaster. How are you learning to sew and tailor? From asbestos? I hope they know there's a health risk to that! Would people buy asbestos clothing?
 I was surprised to find out that Fox news keeps a lot of people informed. It is watched more the CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Its funny that they proposed that channel because Fox news also threatened to sue the Simpsons to stop them from parodying their content.
 I am surprised that Fox News airs in 86 countries, I would think Americans would be the only ones interested in the content.
 Great impression! I am shocked that he is not one of the top three wealthiest Presidents in American history.
 Wow! I knew the Simpsons were popular, but not that popular! 
 They must have.I think it is kind of fun that Fox news survived even though one of its creators was Richard Nixon.
 Yeah, I do and it seems that the presidet and French president might have one.
 Yeah and now Trump said that Macron's European army proposal is very insulting so if there was a bromance it might not survive.
 Apparently they shared an awkward long handshake that was all over the news.
 Apparently i that handshake, they were shaking hands for six seconds and their knuckles turned white and jaws clenched. Trump tried to let go twice but Macron would not let go. How odd.
 I just think they are public figures so they should be able to put their egos aside in public. Haha.
 Yeah, at least our president isn't doing that. Wonder if the albums are any good.
 Speaking of the white house, I did not know that the presidential guest house is bigger
 I know there are not christmas trees in the white house. Teddy Roosevelt banned them!
 Interesting! George Bush had solar panels put back on the White House. I guess someone had taken them down.
 I guess they took them down before him since he was the one to put them back. I think they might still be there but I'm not sure.
 Yeah, interesting that he was into solar panels. On another note, the White House is behind on some of their technology. They still use floppy disks for file storage.
 That seems dated. Nice chatting with you!
 I didn't know that. Apparently the release of the Phantom Menace soundtrack spoiled major plot points of the film before it was released
 Good afternoon.  No, I didn't know that.  How funny!
 No, didn't know that tidbit, but how interesting.  I could see Trump trying his hand at that!
 Maybe.  I can not envision Trump and Hillary Working together at the White House, can you?  Good thing that was changed, they would have killed each other in the first 5 minutes.  lol
 I believe it.  Cnn and MSNBC are frothing at the mouth every second spewing hate towards Trump.  It gets so old.  We get it, you hate him, get over it already and read the NEWS.
 Probably pretty good, actually!  I didn't realize that Richard Nixon helped create FOX News Network.  Did you?
 I didn;t know that.  I didn't even know they existed back then.
 I didn't know that!  That's an interesting tidbit.  I didn't know that the red and blue colors for republicans and democrats wasn't consistently used until 200.
 Yeah, that's probably when it started getting really divided and partisan when the colors started getting used.  I read somewhere that in 1957 President Truman visited Disneyland but refused to photographed on the Dumbo ride, because he didn't want to be associated with the Republicans.  How funny!
 ya I don't know, but it sounds like a fire hazard to have a wooden trunk on a car back in the day
 That's a surprise since she is a Democrat now! It reminds me of how Donald Trump was once a Democrat.
 Wow, I'd never heard the name before, but he had a good reason to protest. I had expected something a lot pettier, but that's something I can appreciate.
 That's a surprise. I'll bet the origin of the guaranteed minimum isn't something people talk about much, considering what happened with Nixon!
 No, I am not a fluent speaker. I just remember hearing the soundtrack in French. Daft Punk is from France? I did not know them. I like them! They wore trademark robot helmets while negotiating the Tron Legacy soundtrack over a pancake breakfast once.
 That's a really great question. I think it's interesting that rip curl makes clothes in North Korea, I didn't think that was allowed.
 Yeah it looks terrible there. They have to say on the label that the clothes are actually made in China.
 Wow good luck! Apparently pilgrim clothes were very bright!
 Yes for sure. Thats cool it runs in your family then. There is a store in Alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage!
 Yeah good point. I wonder what soundtrack she used for her fashion show? One of the most popular soundtracks was from O'Brother where art thou.
 I love clothes. did you know that Pilgrim clothing was full of color ?
 Wow. did you know that An african tribe still wears victorian clothes
 I wonder why ? Rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china
 That is funny. Lets talk about music. Steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack.
 Do you like Football ? The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
 in the 1960's one would make more bowling than playing football
 ah ok haha, also weird is that trump is not one of the richest presidents of the usa
 wow ok so I'll take your word for it then, did you know that the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana?
 ah nice well I wont move there, also they dont carry tobacco which is interesting
 ya I don't mind it, sad though a state senator has to work at target just to get by
 ya thats a guy with a death wish! its nice to know though that norway donated a billion dollars to save the rainforest though
 Wow 12 years for flying a drone that a lot of time
 True.  But they did sell tobacco up until 1996.
 I know a little bit, I heard that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 JFK, Washington, and Jefferson I believe. It's hard to imagine that Trump isn't even in the top 3.
 I guess so, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? I wonder where he got that name?
 I'm not sure. Did you know that until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the VP? Can you imagine Hillary being in office with Trump now?
 That has to be pretty big, because the White House is huge!
 I heard that the government owns 86% of the land in Nevada. That's pretty crazy!
 I do sometimes. Did you know that they will price match with Amazon?
 I don't understand that. I thought they made good money. I've never noticed that Target doesn't carry tobacco products.
 Maybe could be that. Nice chatting with you.
 Wow! I knew is was used a lot but not that much. I did know that Netflix and YouTube combined make up half of peak traffic in North America. That is some serious traffic to those sites. \
 I'm shocked that they still send out that many DVD's. I dropped that part of the service years ago and  I don't know anyone else that still has it. 
 Oh wow, I didn't know there was a name for that. Did you know that you can get internet service on Mount Everest?!
 Whoa. How is that possible? I can't imagine how much storage space that would take. 
 Wow, that's a lot.  I believe it since YouTube and Netflix combined make up half of peak internet traffic in North America. 
 If that's the case, I must be an addict.  Things have advanced so quickly.  It wasn't that long ago that New Yorkers were dialing 212 for their area code on a rotary phone.
 I did not know mcdonalds added drive-thru to accommodate soldiers wearing their fatigues, could not get out of the car
 interesting, the car brand Cadillac was named after explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac, the founder of Detroit
 its legal in south-africa to have flame throwers on your car to prevent carjacking
 i did not know myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for 75 million
 Mark suffers from red-green color blindness which is why facebook is mostly blue 
 I wonder why burger king wanted people to unfriend others and even offered a free whopper for doing it
 I would not have guessed Linkin park's hybrid theory would be the best selling album of the 21st century
 the dark side of the moon was still one of the best-selling albums of 2014 even though it was released over 40 years ago
 good for the two twins who released a rap album at 100 years old
 for only $75 million too! Tom must be kicking himself right now for not buying it when they had the chance
 how are they going to filter out the trolls? so many people go on facebook just to be mean and trolly, they better have some sort of plan or else it is going to be a huge disaster
 my faith in humanity was lost when Linkin Park's hybrid theory was the best selling album of the 21st century
 What?! That's crazy! I would have thought it would be something with much more staying power like The Beatles. 
 right?? or even some sort of pop album by one of the more popular ppop artists of the time. i am so surprised by that
 which is very shocking to me. I know its good and still holds up, but best selling?
 hey did you know that myspace actually turned down buying facebook back in 2005?
 ya it is scary how much info they have on you now, I didn't know that the like button is illegal in one german state, I wonder why that is
 I didn't realize until now that Zuckerberg was colorblind.
 ya I don't mind them, I was shocked to find out hybrid theory is the best selling record so far in the 21st century though, that's crazy
 ah ya, they were best when they were all together, I never listend to NWA at all but it's impressive their one album got to platinum without any airplay support
 Yeah I want to see that episode, I also want to see the episode where South Park makes fun of Family Guy, and apparently The Simpsons Creator sent them flowers afterwards, that sounds interesting
 I have watched it from time to time. I think there are over 800 episodes now aren't there?
 Yes I agree! they each did about 52 episodes I so there's a lot to watch LOL
 I heard that Iceland does not have public rail, and so you have to take flights to hop from City to City, hopefully you can do that that sounds annoying to me
 I'm good. I love using the internet. It's pretty amazing how it links devices worldwide.
 I bet it would be worth a lot. I wonder what the government uses that land for, aside from military institutions of course. That's almost a whole state!
 I can't understand it.
 No. Both are leads to addiction and affect the health.
 Yes, It's true.
 Hahahah, yes, do you like to watch the Simpsons? in one episode, nobody knows anything about Bart. I would like to watch it.
 hahahahaah, yes, he is always pretty busy! by the way, The Simpsons crew sent flowers to the Family guy's last episode, so cool!
 That does seem just crazy. I remember back in college being able to order just books on amazon. Now I can get just about anything delivered to my house. 
 Oh the king of Hawaii, thats so great, he is a lucky or was a lucky guy,
 Not a big fan of the small screen.  You wanna know who travels a lot?  Amazon warehouse workers.  They walk 7 to 15 miles a day as part of their daily shift.  Crazy right!?
 Yeah...  I guess thats why he built a clock that should run for 10,000 years.
 I know!  The first Amazon customer has a building named after him.
 Did you know that Amazon has surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer?
 We would be in so much trouble if the same rule applied in America lol, did you hear about people stealing garden gnomes before travelling. 
 Seriously! I would be so scared. I tink it's great to have a government to warn us of these things but it really shows anyone can make mistakes. 
 Yeah good point. Do you think the government should have less control than it has now? The US government owns 86% of land in Nevada, I never knew that.
 Exactly. The internet is even powerful enough to cause addiction that is measurable in the brain.
 haha. The phones are getting bigger and bigger though. Yeah that's a good point. The internet is everywhere now. And luckily the library of alexandria has saved a copy of the internet just in case. 
 That would be epic. I shop on the internet quite often, much more convenient than having to go in the store. When buying stuff online I hate how they have that long page of terms and service. Apparently only 7% of people actually read them. 
 Yeah definitely. And they also on IMDb which came as a surprise to me. They acquired it back in 1998.
 Very cool. I would probably do the same. Amazon warehouse worker sure to walk a lot. Between 7 and 15 miles each day all a part of their daily shift.
 Yeah interesting. Pokemon was also very popular to amounting to 750 episodes. I can't even imagine making that many. Let alone watching.
 I am. It's so convenient! I didn't realize that had been around since 1994!
 Can you believe that his first customer has a building named after?
 For spending only $27.95! Pretty cool!
 I do think it was pretty smart that they mad a deal with the post office to deliver on Sunday
 Yes, that's awesome. They started as an online bookstore, only.
 I would like to be a worker that walks 7 to 15 miles a day!
 That's great exercise. Amazon is the largest internet retailer!
 That's amazing! All of japans highways are tolls, and it costs more than 300$ to travel across the country.
 Wow! I have been to Mackinac Island. There are no cars. Just horses and bikes.
 Most Icelanders without cars use domestic flights to travel between major towns. I can't imagine having to fly everywhere. 
 George Carlin and Alec Baldwin also narrated lots of episodes!
 50 a year for 16 years! Unbelievable!
 It is also amazing that Bart Simpson is in every episode of the Simpsons except 1!
 Some are stars while others have PhD like Woodrow Wilson.  I guess there is a wide variety.
 Did you know the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR?  
 Yeah IGN is a gaming website, right? That's interesting. And whatever Fox is doing, I guess it's working, because Fox News is watched more often than MSNBC and CNN combined!
 That's so interesting, especially considering that the Simpsons is aired on Fox!
 If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen I guess! Did you know they actually discussed the possibility of creating a channel exclusively airing the Simpsons?
 Yeah definitely. There are so many random fun facts about the position of president. Did you know that everyone called the first president of Zimbabwe "President Banana"?!
 Yeah I'm sure not! Must be a mistake on my information source's part!
 Banana! Another crazy thing is the runner up in the election automatically used to become vice president.
 Good question, not sure. But if you want to see a white house look alike it has twin buildings in Ireland and France!
 Some former employees have claimed they have to give the news in favor of the conservatives
 Wow, didn't know that.  I wonder if I would recognize any of his Pop hits?
 No, I haven't heard that, but I like the Simpsons, so I'd probably watch it.  I read that more people watch Fox news than CNN and MSNBC combined.  WOW!
 Yes true. It was created by Richard Ailes who was a republican media strategist. That explains a lot.
 Yes you are so right. Yeah how would the reporters, who he is paying, ever say anything bad. Interesting.
 That is an interesting option as well. I mean having a wealthy president is no new thing. The 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Haha me too. I would like to imagine someone like Obama performing. That would def make Fox News Headlines. Fox once tried to create a channel only airing the Simpsons.
 And fox News tried wanted to sue The Simpsons who are owned by the Fox Entertainment Group, is that what they mean when they say something it meta?
 Good question. I don't know at this point. The white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
 It really has I am surprised that fox news corp, thought of a channel that only airs the simpsons.  Seeing as the simpsons parody them often.
 Pretty much how it goes unfortunately. Journalists do not give false stories but it seems like there is an attack on journalism.
 For sure, it's a pretty significant phenomenon that the US is going through right now with the media. People should be able to trust the media but there's such an attack on it that people are not sure what to believe and what not to believe. I'm sure we've seen this a bunch of times before in history don't you think?\
 The people that pretend that they don't have bias really mess it up too, willfully uninformed people are no help. Watching SNL and they're talking about the owner of the day spa that had the illegal sex trafficking was friends with Trump and that he is signing bibles, it's pretty messed up.
 I have, it truly feels that way. Probably has to do with Fox News being watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 The white house for being the home of the president has some very odd quirks. 
 That is funny; I think Fox actually owns the Simpsons too, which is ironic.  I do like that Fox news has only half its airtime dedicated to opinion, unlike msnbc that is 85%
 It's crazy that the last US president to speak a foreign language fluently was Roosevelt.  You'd think more presidents would speak foreign languages with how much they interact with foreign leaders.
 That's scary... I bet someone got fired over that.  I like that Jimmy Carter turned down all the thermostats to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.  Sounds like he's warm natured like me
 So, you spend much time on the Internet?  I know I do, there's just so much info out there.  They say that constantly clicking on links can cause real addiction that can actually be measurable on the brain!  Wild, huh?
 Yeah, I've heard of people getting up early in the morning just to check their email stuff.  Think it's gotten worse with the proliferation of cell phones.  People got their eyes glued to the things, they'll even walk right into wall or fall into clearly marked holes while walking!  
 Really?  That's wild!  You think they'd be a bit preoccupied with other things like, oh, climbing that they wouldn't have time to check their phones.  Course, I suppose the cell service could be there for emergencies and such
 I used to watch House too.  No i had no idea he made that much! The show was good and he was great but that's a lot of money!
 Yeah, it was a good show although it did annoy me how he seemed to pull the "karma Houdini" trick a little too often.  Speaking of acting, did you know Michael Caine because an actor because all the hot girls in his school were in drama class?  Makes sense to me!  :)
 I did not know that.  I've actually never watched The Office.  Heard a lot about it though, it's one of my "been meaning to check out" list of shows, but just never got around to it.  Did you know it's actually a remake of a British show of the same name?  
 I don't watch it, but I know a little about it.  They say that the highest paid state employee is either college football or basketball coach.  I guess that lets you know just how POPULAR the sport is!
 Well, there's a gap sometimes between knowing how to do something and being able to physically do it.  I know how to run several blocks, but I think most people would be better at doing it than me.  Unless of course, you constantly invent "new" rules on the spot to help you win.  Hehehe! 
 Go lucky! That's fantastic, at least you did not have such boring classes
 Yes, you have 90% of taste, I imagine that there are exploited your acting skills
 Definitely I love college basketball I feel like sometimes they put more effort in compared to the pros, I'm rooting for michigan
 Yea they do but its just honesty and passion for the love of their team. When they're older their more stoic when it comes to their fanaticism
 Thats what joe rogan says he says our opinions are fully expressed on the internet with no boundaries, Have an awesome day
 Now, there telling the NCAA to stop showing kids crying after their team loses. 
 I think that it is just happening too often! They should show kids laughing too.
 Good morning.  Actually I have been, when I was a school kid we went on a field trip.  It's kind of smaller than you would think and the president's guest house ie even larger than it.  I didn't know about the twin builds, though.
 Oh that's cool. The White House still uses floppy disks and part for storing files. I think that's kind of funny.
 I do too, wonder what they could possibly be storing on a floppy?  How many rolls of toilet paper were used during the Carter administration? lol
 Yeah I very much agree with you. Teddy Roosevelt didn't seem much fun though banning Christmas trees and everything.
 Me too. Maybe the president did something about it. The top 3 wealthiest presidents of all time are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Must have been, Harvard only takes the best and brightest. I was shocked to hear he left because he got bored, but I'm glad he did!
 Yeah definitely a good move for him that paid off. Ryan Stiles is another dropout but from high school.
 Hello hows it going?  i had no clue the white house has others in ireland and france.  weird.  I wonder what they use it for lol 
 I wonder if they ban christmas trees from those houses like Teddy r. did 
 Yeah,  doesn't seem that reliable. 
 And they can be destroyed or stolen....funny thing I heard was 1st president in Zimbabwe was called president banana haha 
 yeah I know right,  i wonder if that was his actual name lol also,  the president guest house is larger than the white house!  
 I do love comedy! 
 Same here too many to choose.  I like " I love you man" " liar liar" " get him to the greek" " the hangover" the first one, all of the marvel movies,  "smallfoot" how about you?
 Neighbors was really good!  
 I don't really remember that one except the commercial lol 
 Oh good,  that was a great cast!  I really like Forgetting Sarah Marshall too. 
 That movie was amazing!  I think I love you man is my all time favorite though!  Its been fun chatting! 
 Really? That's hillarious, I have distant cousins who live in schleswig-holstein.
 Yea, I wonder if they have Burger King there, BK had a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people they would give you a free whopper
 No, that's funny, I wonder if Cadillac is popular in France since it was named after Antoine de la mothe Cadillac
 I was reading that the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france
 Very interesting! And how about that Michael Wolff scandal?
 It seems he was staying in the West Wing.
 I see that everyone each thought the other person had approved his access and didn't check to make sure it was ok.  
 Thats crazy.  I don't know how everyone could just let him have full access.  I mean I would think you would want to make sure nothing negative gets out
 no that is interesting. New technology and old technology.  I read that the white house still uses floppy disc in part for storing files
 YEs, you are very up to date on your presidential facts! On an unrelated subject; do you know that The Third Rock from the Sun won the Golden Globe? 
 Yes, he beat out seinfeld, friends and frasier.  that is really good!
 I have never watched it but it must be a really good series to have won!
 Did you used to watch Sesame Street? I heard that Elmo testified before the US Congress and was the only non human to do so. Kind of funny!
 I've heard of that, and even a fantasy spelling bee thing. It's strange what people come up with...sort of like how now our iPhones have more power for computing than some of the US's nuclear deterrents.
 they need it! Have to go off satellite and to space and back!
 Speaking of satellite, I though until recently that most all our technology was that now. I was reading about ocean life and saw that we still have phone and internet data cables on the ocean floor!
 Must be looonnggg cables!
 Not sure, but they also can tell who they are talking too
 Yeah I would like to compare that. They definitely didn't have as many ads! Surprisingly engineers make more money than football players!
 Wow what a bust! Sounds like the silence of the lambs did pretty well on opening day even though it was released on Valentine's Day!
 Yes, You are right.
 That's a really interesting fact! Humans truly have evolved a lot. They can actually regrow ribs naturally now.
 We can be worst than animals by some regards too. We can't synthesize our own Vitamin C while most animals can.
 Perhaps we can evolve it eventually. There is a sound frequency tht causew fear in humans, maybe that will go away too. 
 I think the gov't should fund such research. Did you know that McDonalds' added drive-thrus in 1975 for soldiers not allowed to get out of their cars in their fatigues? I thought that the drive-thru was older than that.
 I've never heard that! There's a lot of interesting things about cars, are you interested in them?
 The brand Cadillac was actually named after the French explorer who founded Detroit.
 Yeah you wouldn't think that, a lot of things about cars don't make sense though. It's actually legal to equip your car with a flame thrower in South Africa.
 Probably strange to work at a drive thru in SA and see one of those things pull up! 
 Ahah definitely, there's still gotta be stranger things in peoples' trunks. The trunk is actually named that based off people having wooden trunks at the back of the car.
 People gain inspiration from everything. The race car driver Jann Mardenborough was inspired by the video game Gran Turismo.
 I am a fan of Disney, but it was sad to hear that Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after one movie failed.
 Anyways, Tom Hanks' movies gave Disney 8.5 billion!
 To be honest, the movies were pretty good from the start to current time. Watch the last two. They will be worth it.
 I love cars too. I saw the trunk was named because cars in the older days actually had wooden trunks in them
 It doesn't give a date, but this person also founded Detroit.
 I did not hear about that. I did see that in South Africa, it's legal to equip a car with a flame thrower to deter carjackings.
 I would definitely want to be equipped if it's that big of a problem over there.
 Sounds like a great solution for snow, you know that its illegal to warm up you car in Ohio and theres a part of the world where I can equip my car with a flamethrower!!!
 Wow, I didn't know that about Ohio and I live in Ohio. I always warm up my car lol.
 New York's area code is 212 because this was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Yeah, because all the world plays it, I would like to see new players arise, did you now its called soccer by Americans because it was a slang.
 I agree it does, soccer makes more money than all the other sports combined, or at least the main sports played in America.
 Yes, I like action hero movies, I glad the green lantern was a comedy movie, I would had been disappointed.
 Yes, I don't care that much about Friends either. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon?
 I didn't realize pokemon been around that long. I am more familiar with the pokemon games. 
 Yes they didn't know what they missed out on. Netflix has 137 million subscribers worldwide, wow.
 Just think, Netflix started because of a late fee lol.
 Oh for sure. I guess we are lucky we can even view that content. People in China, Syria, North Korea, and Crimea can't even watch Netflix!
 We'll see! Do you watch television at all? Have you ever seen pokemon on tv?
 Well it averages out to be 50 a year for 16 years. Talk about job security!
 They really do! From 9pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwith in North America!
 Back in the day when you had to wait to get the DVD in the mail and hope it wasn't scratched. I barely watch the tele but am old enough to have seen the first episode of the Simpsons.
 I did too but I was very young. Did you also know that Netflix didn't start making original content until 2012? That's amazing to me because it seems like they have new originals every week now. 
 with the original series they hurt cable companies. People enjoy watching programs without commercials. Between Youtube and Netflix making up half of the peak internet traffic, no one will purchase cable nymore
 Wow! That's awesome. I can't believe I never put that together.
 It's interesting that the Greeks were doing satire comedy so long ago. It's kinda like the original Saturday Night Live.
 I was schocked with that too. I had no idea they monitored illegal downloads as a decision making device.
 Did you know sharks are ticklish? Who would go up to a shark and tickle it?
 That would be a good place to work. It's crazy from 9pm to 12am in North America 33% of all bandwidth is used by netflix
 No way, that is crazy! I heard that a job at Netflix is called being a tagger. That job is for a person to watch movies and creates tags. Getting paid  to watch Netflix would be pretty chill.
 It's crazy that a $40 late fee is what motivated Reed Hastings to create netflix
 Wow, that's amazing!! I wish all my dang late fees inspired me! They usually just pissed me off,lol.
 Interesting and cool. I noticed that they have almost 150 movies available that have a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. That is a remarkable business plan to keep viewers happy!
 Oh wow, amazing! That is good to hear, my daughter is a sailor. More people are bitten by New Yorkers than by sharks. That is a funny fact.
 Oh yikes, scary! That would be terrifying. I learned that tuna farmers would go to crazy lengths to protect their tuna. All the way to the point of wrestling them in the tuna nets.
 Yeah, true. I was reading that they can also be trained like a dog can be trained. I don't know about that. My dog doesn't listen to me at all.
 HA, no way! That is great! What a funny nickname, I love it! That is my daughters nickname too. I was visiting the D.C. are last year and noticed that the White House was smaller than the guest house, weird huh?
 Oh they made that official? That was a mistake in my opinion. I guess I will just watch that hour long fireplace video over and over.
 Yea, well if soccer is on there will be Netflix on obviously! They do have 150 movies with a 100% on rotten tomatoes.
 Yea, I never knew you could burn 180 calories watching a horror movie
 Lol supernatural movies keep you scared after you watched it. Stephen King considers Bambi a horror movie
 It's interesting how many comedic actors have done drama like Ellie Kemper from the office who took drama in high school
 it is also referred to as the red planet, it looks that way because of the reddish iron oxide on its surface
 I am, they planned it for 2023 and a reality tv show will pay for it
 agree, sounds on mars have a higher pitch then they do on earth 
 if we could sustain 1g acceleration it would only take 2 or 3 days to get to mars
 They lost a satellite because different companies used different measurement systems
 Lets talk about presidents next, Jefferson is one of the most wealthiest presidents of all time
 They used to make the runner up of the election vice president
 I did not know that, interesting! I was reading about the 2 masks you see together that represents Drama is a division of comedy and tragedy, interesting
 Ha. Wouldn't surprise me in the slightest. Presidents never tell the whole story.
 That sounds horrific. Though you'd think that would make him one of the third wealthiest presidents. 
 Wow that's definitely interesting, probably time to add it to a workout routine. Horror movies can even make you appreciate abstract art too!
 That's definitely freaky. On the subject of Stephen King, he somehow thought Bambi was a horror movie!
 You'd never know but I guess that's what makes most of the creepy noises! It's interesting to see how authors like Bram Stoker pioneered the genre.
 Oh yeah and she's definitely more traditional drama. Some people get into it for weird reasons. Michael Caine is actually only an actor because he liked the pretty girls in his drama class.
 I had no idea! Cars have weird origin stories. The trunks of cars are called that because olden cars used to literally have wooden trunks in the back.
 Nice. And which instrument do you prefer?
 Nice. Did you know van halen set the speakers on fire when he played his guitar solo for 'beat it'?
 Congress is also fantasy drafted by people!
 THere is a single fold in the brain that makes the difference between fantasy and reality
 yes. I can't believe their music is still alive and well with generations that never even saw jerry garcia
 Oh wow. I had not heard that. I guess I don't follow the music scene very well. LOL 
 I don't either Im actually not a fan of the grateful dead music.  did you know cornell researchers built the worlds smallest guitar thats the size of a blood cell?
 meanwhile you have a guitarist from queen who built his guitar out of parts from a fireplace and knitting needle. now thats way more interesting to me
 yes brian may. i wonder what makes the "tiger" so legendary that there are still fights about money rights to it
 I mean Lesh is 78, he would've been 74 back then and still playing guitar, its crazy and amazing
 What does it say that I didn't know Jerry Garcia was dead, or that it happened way back in 1995?
 well i just think it means you were probably focused on more important things going on in your life.  i remember seeing the photo of a grown man in suit and tie crying upon getting the news of Garcia's death.
 They are a little like the Grateful Dead.  I definitely like the, better, but it's like a couple songs only that I feel drawn to.  I guess I always thought Brian May was alright and I never knew that he constructed his guitar from an old fireplace and knitting needle!
 I believe that the old timey cars had actual wooden trunks there!
 Yep you're right! It's good that we don't allow flamethrowers in the United States, because if we still use those old wooden trunks on cars than that would potentially be a fire hazard
 Haha well if your name is Jann Mardenborough, then you could become a real race car driver after beating 90,000 people at Gran Turismo haha
 It depends which version, I'm not sure which one he played but the newest ones you can play online, the original ones were offline only
 Did you know that the Library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet?  I cannot fathom how much space that would take up
 Hey how are you? How you ever been to a concert? Linkin Park has played in 324 concerts in 2001 alone!
 I don't know either of them haha. In 2002 a Creed concert was so bad that 4 concert goers filed a lawsuit against them!
 Probably to get their money back and for wasting their time. I'm a big fan of Pink Floyd, they recorded a live concert in Pompeii with no audience. Pretty cool.
 I feel like everything is on-line nowadays, which is a good thing in my opinion. The library of Alexandria (not the one that burnt down) has a saved copy of the entire internet (?) in case the internet itself burns down
 True, I just feel like I don't engage in anything important enough to read the fine print.. HOWEVER, on the new yesterday a woman won $10,000 because she read the fine print. There was an email that instructed her to send an email to in the terms, and because of the email she won.
 Wow! They did that purposely? Put that in there so whoever sent an e-mail would win?
 Agreed. Speaking of cars, it's legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flame thrower to prevent carjacking.
 Did You know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button ?
 really ? Who told You that ?
 what gunman ? What are You talking about m8 ?
 What ? self driving "aggressive" car ? what does that mode do ?
 New Zealand's seismic monitors are probably just broken...
 thank you 
 I am good thank you. Did you know more than 80% of the Earth's natural rain forests are destroyed?
 I agree. When Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long.
 lol yep. In 2010, the UN assigned an official ambassador to extraterrestrials.
 HAHA I agree. Earth will be virtually helium-free by the end of the 21st century.
 I think so too. If Earth's entire history was viewed as a 24-hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds.
 I listen a lot. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be heard on Earth?
 In Canada, it's law that all radio stations must play at least 40% Canadian music.
 I totally believe it! You know Mike Pence says asteroid mining, space tourism, and space habitats are quickly becoming more than science fiction. I never thought I'd see space tourism in my lifetime!
 Yes I do agree with you, Do you think this decision put the president moving in the right direction?
 I did have something about that, do you believe in extraterrestrials, I have heard of sighting in parts of Nevada.
 I feel there must be something. Or maybe sometime in the past? If the Earth's history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds! Who knows about other planets!
 Did you know that about 71% of the earth surface cover by water, mostly by oceans.
 Hahaha, yes I agree, the three top wealthiest presidents in American history is JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, Nice chatting with you.
 For sure.  we definitely don't want to be viewed as, or in reality be, alone and weak
 That is hilarious. What does the ambassador do in the meantime for preparation, I wonder? Hope that's not their only job!
 Interesting. I don't know that I've ever heard those storms but maybe I just haven't been listening for them!
 Some feel Trump is trying to minimize D-Day
 On another note, the reading says that earth will be free of helium by the end of the 21st century.  How do they know these things?
 And the United Nations appointed ambassadors for extraterrestrials if they contact earth.  Who pays for this?  
 I'm not sure, but guessing my taxes.  Also, it says that earth days were only 5.5 hours long when earth formed.  Would that make it day or night most of the day?
 Radio is another interesting topic.  Soldiers in wwii made simple radios out of razorblades and pencils.  Interesting, huh?
 That's crazy to think about.  I'm not sure if aliens are or not.  What do you think?
 Haha, that's nuts.  That's out of this world.
 i know! and it is also crazy how little humans have been on earth
 Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
 Yeah, me either.
 That's crazy! I like John Hamm. He actually started out as a drama teacher I believe, that's some transition
 Ahah you gotta get motivation from somewhere.  Other people have an easier job infiltrating Hollywood. Alec Baldwin and Ringo Starr have both narrated episodes of Thomas the Tank engine.
 The show reigned over the television landscape for six seasons from 1999 to 2007 earning Emmys.
 Wow. I didn't know this. I heard somewhere on television that are over 750 episodes of pokemon.
 In early stage, bulky high voltage cathode ray tube can be replaced by flat panel technologies such as LED. So many development in the TV with modern technologies.
 Very happy to chatting with you. Have a great day.
 Thank you.
 He does a great jon, crazy how much he makes per episode, a lot of money!
 Haha, that's a classic reason. I bet that's worked out for him in the long run! I doubt he knew how famous he'd get back then.
 Yes I've seen the whole series. I thought it was ok but not as good as everyone said it was. It's interesting that they're making a prequel movie actually
 That is a great deal! he makes a ton of money, I wonder how much Michael Caine makes? I'm sure he's rich but he also only started to become an actor in order to chase girls haha
 Yes I did see that movie. It's one of my favorites, what about you? Isn't it weird with cinematography how no woman has ever been nominated for best cinematography at the Academy Awards
 Hugh Laurie made a ton of money in that role.
 I hear he makes like $700,000 per episode, that must be nice
 Indeed. That buys a lot of nice cars.  Ever watch South Park?
 That sounds like a cool president to have though,  he probably does concerts all the time and have parties lol 
 lol that is hilarious.  Must have been a long time ago because now they screen calls and have way more security. 
 Oh nice, thanks yeah I thought that was weird but knew I didn't have all my facts right. 
 No I didn't but that is awesome, such a cool fact.  I like her in basically any movie she does. 
 possibly.  It seems that the US is trying to manage relations with Japan while still trying to keep China in check militarily and with intellectual property.
 i just saw that too.  Would love to be a guest there anytime!  Zimbabwe's President is President Banana.  haha
 I know, I could not imagine having a US President who also goes on tour with his/her band.  President Timberlake.  lol
 sounds like Japan had to make a lot of cups lately.  I also like that the PM of the UK has a cabinet member called chief mouser - the cat!
 That is funny. I think it is great that a radio station was able to get through to Queen Elizabeth to prank her.
 Radio stations will stop at nothing to get ratings.  Hopefully she took it well.
 I think she would have. She seems to have a good sense of humor.
 so 86% of Nevada land is owned by the US Government?  interesting.  UFO's anyone?  
 that's crazy...  I don't understand how the US can pass laws that exempt govt employees from international conventions like the Geneva convention?
 I don't either. I think it is great that the Norwegian government donated 1 billion to help the Amazon Rainforest
 I like that the Prime Minister of Japan and China shook hands at a state visit but made faces doing it.
 Good question. Into 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect the government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva conventions.
 That's pretty fishy to me. Kind of like how 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the U.S. Government.
 I also didn't know that Bellatrix in Harry Potter is the granddaughter of the UK Prime Minister! Have a good day!
 hello,  do you know much abut the government, president or prime minister?  Did you know when you turn 100 in Japan the prime minister gives you a cup?  lol 
 Oh I think I learned that too in school,  but not much of that information retained itself lol 
 Right!  I also heard that most of Nevada is owned by the government! 
 I think Trump is the wealthiest President of all time by far. 
 Have you heard it?  That is pretty impressive!  3 albums while in office,  I bet he was the fun president lol had concerts all the time and after parties lol 
 I heard about that too,  seems weird. Did you know Helena Bonham carter is related to one of the primes ministers of the uk!  That is so random.  she is amazing. 
 lol why would she know that? That is weird.  Also,  he didnt go by banana,  his last name was Banana,  Canaan Banana. 
 That is pretty funny,  i wonder how someone was able to do that.  In 1995 caller id was already a thing. 
 Maybe because they built a wall around their country.
 I did not,  I hardly watch the news! I find it hard to believe that the eiffel tower was sold twice by someone who not allowed to sell it lol 
 that is some wild negotiating and/or naive buyers!
 Oh wow, that's kind of a neat deal. It would make me not want to use my cell phone as much if it was for a good cause. 
 Same here. I'm still finding it hard to believe that my iPhone has more power than our entire nuclear icbm deterrent.
 I know that's crazy to think. I guess that's a testament to how far technology has come. Did you know that it is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers in South Africa?
 That is kind of odd. People will have fantasy league in anything it seems. Kind of like how they have Fantasy Congress. People draft members of congress and points are based off legislative success. 
 I did not. That's so interesting, maybe that's why there are so many fantastic fantasy authors, like the one who was knighted for his services to literature.
 That is true, There was a janitor in Chicago who wrote for over six years. He a had a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor illustrations called "in The Realms of The Unreal." Sadly it was only discovered after his death. 
 They are. I find it hilarious that New York's area code is 212, due to it being the fastest  to dial on a rotary phone. 
 I also have a car. I drive it every day to work. In 2014 there were over one and a quarter billion cars. That's insane!
 Yep that wouldn't surprise me. back in 1986 there only 500 million cars. the amount of cars is growing exponentially
 Well there was a guy that played it. He beat over 90,000 people. And then somehow he became a professional race car driver. Sounds incredible!
 Oh for sure. I'm so happy that McDonald's created the drive-through back in 1975. That has been such a great invention for me. It's also made me pretty fat haha
 You could make your own flame-broiled Whoppers with a flamethrower in South America LOL. how often do you use your telephone by the way?
 I know right? Also amazing that it is more powerful than the entire nuclear deterrent system of the United States. That kind of scares me actually
 The word trunk evolves from the time when car had a wooden trunk on them.
 I agree. I am not sure I would write 15,145 page fantasy manuscript about it though.
 That's amazing! I heard there's a fantasy congress too
 That's hard to believe. Just like the janitor who left behind a 15,000 page fantasy story he had written. 
 Very sad! It took him six years to write it! 
 Wow, cool! Fantasy is always set in a fictional world with no relation to reality. 
 They made it to withstand heavy use I guess they use it a lot in India, a lot more than normal, and wow cool story
 That is an odd law.  I live in Ohio and didn't even know that. lol
 I had no idea!  I rarely use my phone for phone calls anymore. The sheer amount of computing power the iphone has kind of blows my mind.
 She was an amazing genius. I think she'd be stunned to see how far we've come with technology. Can you believe that the cables that cross the ocean for internet and phone data are just 2.7 inches around? Mind blowing.
 I'm sure they have a lot to say! I think I'd like that. I know that phones are optimized for the human voice, but I'd be happy to talk to a dolphin.
 I had no idea. That was an excellent movie. Tolkien was a great writer (Sometimes), but I prefer Terry Pratchett. He was knighted!
 Oh wow! I could have done really well in that! It's amazing how fantasy has been embraced in so many different media types. It's gone from written and spoken word to tv and movies and video games. 
 I wonder if children have difficulty figuring out if something is fantasy or reality? Apparently it's all predicated by a one fold in the brain!
 I enjoy the Flash. Did you know that there have been over 750 eposides of pokemon? 
 No, I havent.  I have seen the simpsons.  Homer has had 188 jobs
 Ah, I mostly watch TV shows by marvel or DC and then I watch anime. Did you know that there is only one episode in Simpsons where Bart is neither seen or mentioned?
 68? That is very old. Did you know that there is 3g of cellphone service at the peak of mt. everest? I wonder why is that.
 Really?  I heard it is actually harder to climb back down.  Maybe the deaths are solo climbers.  
 I saw that Fox once threatened to sue the Simpsons.
 I believe it is. I heard they are going on 30 years now.
 Wow that is successful. In 2015, the average age of a Fox viewer was 68.
 That seems like an older demographic than most channels. Do you like the Simpsons?
 That's crazy after 30 years that only one episode he doesn't appear in.
 In the first 400 episodes, Homer has held 188 jobs LOL.
 Yes, me too, it has become a necessity for work really. Did you know that if you have an apple computer and smoke near it, it voids its warranty.
 Wow, Siri is strange sometimes. Transhumanists are looking into uploading their minds into a computer and memory sticks.
 That is so interesting. Someone even built a 16 bit comuter using only minecraft building blocks
 Haha I know. They have really been going on for so long, 16 years is a long time.
 I never even know that they narrated it. I used to babysit so that is how I watched it
 yes such a good show. Bart apparently did not appear in only one episode the whole time
 That is pretty crazy. There are over 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 Yes, very long time. I heard the Simpsons have been going on for 30 years now.
 Oh who I didn't know that either and I work in IT. LOL.
 That's crazy they have cell service up that high. 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet. 
 It honestly seems like that number should be way higher with how much it happens.
 I agree completely. It's sad that school shootings have become as American as Prom. WOW! 
 I did not know that! I never got into the Pokemon craze! Did you know that Homer Simpson held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes?!
 i do like shark tank. did you know Smoking near apple computers voids the warranty by making it "a biohazard"
 that is pretty cool to have had, a cardboard computer. In 1936, the russians made a computer that ran on water.
 it apparently isn't an issue
 Ok I'll have to check it out. Have you ever seen the show that 70 show though? They tried to do a remake in the UK, but it was canceled after only 10 episodes, that's a bummer LOL
 I agree! It's crazy that you could watch that show for 16 years straight, at 50 episodes a year, and only then would you catch up to the current number LOL
 Yes I don't watch it much either, I just think it's funny that they were going to sue The Simpsons because the Simpsons was making fun of them, I thought fox-owned The Simpsons as well? Were they not going to just do themselves I guess LOL
 Hello, Lets talk about Facebook. Myspace could have purchased Facebook back in 2005 for 75 million. 
 Yeah, and now it's such a huge company, with more people on it than there was people in world centuries ago.
 I enjoy the color blue but Facebook is that color because Zuckerburg suffers from color blindness. 
 The minimum age to join Facebook is 13 , this started in 2006
 in 2012 Facebook held its initial public offering and the company was valued at 104 billion. 
 It's interesting the "Like" button was originally desired to be the "awesome" button.  I imagine "awesome" would have been clicked a lot less times than "like" because "like" is more broad.
 interesting. In the German state of schleswig-holstein the like button is illegal. 
 I was surprised to learn that advertising cannabis is illegal on Facebook.  However, I have seen pages on Facebook that are about Facebook.  
 At one time you could unfriend 10 people and receive a free whopper from Burger king. 
 Lets talk about google next. The way google maps handles calculating traffic is by seeing how fast Android devices are moving on the road. 
 They have used live goats in the past to take care of the lawns compared to hiring people. 
 I agree. They moved their headquarters to Mountain view, California in 2004 the same year they offer their IPO
 A lot of people use it, in 2013 is went down for only 5 minutes and 40% of web traffic went with it. 
 That is amazing!  I like the name of their headquarters in California, Googleplex, it has a colorful sound.
 When google created the conglomerate in 2015 called Alphabet, Larry page became the CEO. Nice talking to you today. 
 That's awesome. I often wonder if they really are smarter than us.
 I am a Star Wars fan. I did not know that they had a book with starship troopers. 
 You know? did you read one of their books?
 Third year? I thought second year. 
 1
 That's certainly true! Same I've never been very interested but I think a lot of things are interesting. I recently learnt Trump isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents in U.S. history, it seems impossible right?
 Yes, I believe he did record them while in office. Hard to imagine what the press in this country would do with that! Speaking of money, I see that the Norwegian government gave 1 billion to help save the amazon rainforest. That's some serious commitment to a place that's so far away from it's citizens.
 I guess that's the land that is used for all the testing of new aircraft and where they did so much testing for the manned space flights back in the 60's and 70's. 
 Ahh that's fair enough, nevertheless I think it's humorous to see governments get clowned a little bit. Like a man in France once impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower TWICE, I can't imagine being duped that much.
 Right! Who in the world was gullible enough to buy the Eiffel Tower?? He must have been a really great salesman! And isn't it funny that the US military uses xbox controllers on some of their robots!
 That's surprising, you'd think they'd have more official technology than that, but if it works why change it? Robots are interesting to me, they seem so advanced but can somehow be controlled just using rat brains!
 Oh absolutely not, especially because robots aren't always made with the only intention being innovation. I know Michael Jackson wanted to make a 50 foot tall robot just to moonwalk the desert, not exactly what we imagined of technological peak haha.
 No, but it fits with his persona and his famous moonwalk, which I cannot do, even though I'd like to! I thought it was interesting that the word robot comes from a Czech word that means 'forced labor'. Puts a different spin on us using machines.
 I thought so too! Apparently they recreated one of the hosts as a robot, kind of ironic in that it definitely proves the possibility of having a robot host.
 Did you know robots can be controlled by rat brains? That must be a fun experiment.
 Perhaps. It would be nice though if more countries took that approach. To the environment I mean. The US does stuff like passing legislation that protects government employees from violating the Geneva convention. Not sure how that's even legal.
 Wow. I had no idea the government owned so much land there. I guess outside of vegas there isn't much development though.
 I did actually. Of course they couldn't actually destroy it too much information and they have too many supporters all around the world. It turns out Washington, JFK and Jefferson all had more money then trump, but at least in washington's case and probably the rest that must be adjusted for inflation.
 Hello, I actually do. I'm close enough to the border of Canada, and was surprised to find out that Canadian law requires 40% of all music played to be Canadian. Are there even that many Canadian artists?
 I would too. It's amazing that the iphone has more computing power than the nuclear icbm deterrent. Well, that is frightening, anyway.
 That is a pretty good run. I read that George Strait is  related to Jeff Bezos. Cousins. I bet  he helps sell his music.
 I never knew Bezos was related to George Strait, I guess there may be a conflict of interest
 Yes. That is wild stuff. 
 Not as wild as an iphone having more computing power than a nuclear icbm deterrent
 That is amazing. I would never think anything like that.
 It's ironic how far technology has come yet it is still impossible to separate 2 phonebooks with overlapping pages
 That's really cool! I'm sure George would rather switch places though. It's interesting that the popularization of country music mainly comes from Henry Ford financing it in the fear of jazz music.
 Ahh no worries I understood! I do think country music is interesting, it's hard to believe there's only two African Americans in the country music hall of fame.
 I think that's surprising but also makes sense! There's definitely parallels between rock and country, like the fender stratocaster guitar was actually originally intended for country music.
 That's crazy! I wonder what else they can pick. I sometimes pick up radio from Canadian broadcasts, but most of the music is usually Canadian which is expected.
 I heard that there is a law in Canada that requires all radios to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
 Classical music or classic Rock? Have you ever tried to listen to Jupiter's storms that can be picked up by AM radio? Wouldn't that be crazy?
 It's funny how different customs there are in countries about the radio. Canada requires 40% of music played, to be Canadian songs. That is some tight control!
 Do you ever listen to country music? It was once called Hillbilly music and has been around since the early in the last century. 
 Success must run in the family because he is cousins to Jeff Bezos, who is the CEO of Amazon! That's an amazing connection.
 He wasn't very open to new things. Not like U2 who wore wigs and costumes and pretended to be a different band so they could be their own opening act! That's cleaver!
 That is clever, they were introduced as the Dalton brothers, I wonder if anyone noticed
 Wow! I had no idea it had been on long enough to have that many episodes. 
 Do you like the drama genre?
 I knew it was on for a long time but I had no idea that that show was that popular. 
 I never really watched it or go into it.
 Good morning.
 Crazy. Still, it must have been better than any of the 750 Pokemon episodes.
 Really? At Daniel Day Lewis' house?
 Mr. Bezos had done very well for himself.  It' amazing that in that short time Amazon could have become so vast.
 It is very interesting and impressive also very heart touching.
 Half the peak internet traffic in North America is from YouTube and Netflix combined. That says something about what we do with our time
 Even police like watching videos, mostly about law enforcement. They have their own version called BluTube
 There's a lot of things we assume just by how much we see. The surprising part is that the average engineer earns more in a lifetime than those in the NFL and MLB
 Crazy how far technology has come in recent years! It seemed like it all kicked off around the time Google bought YouTube for $1.65 billion!
 I'm just glad that it still allows user to upload their own content. It's definitely expanded since 2006
 I've never seen that one but it does sound interesting! I do know about Jordan Peele through YouTube. Crazy he caught the attention of Pete Carroll to the point where Carroll invited him to speak to his coaching staff!
 That's impressive. I guess there are many things we wouldn't know without YouTube, such as PSY's Gangham Style. They had to upgrade the view counter just because of how popular it was
 It's amazing how popular YouTube is with kids - my kids watch so much content and most of it is benign DIY and crafty stuff.  But I need to monitor them on YT because there is a ton of weird and wacky stuff on it! 
 I know it languished and toiled for a while, trying to figure out how to generate revenue and monetize their viewers.  I think they're doing OK now, especially when I hear about YouTube personalities making Million$ a year off their "shows"
 Yes!  PayPal is an interesting partner in this story - wasn't Elon Musk also a PayPal player?  As you said before - it's amazing how much bandwidth they take up among all internet traffic and streamers
 I don't dislike horses!  They're pretty cool actually - I had a summer job in HS cleaning out stables at a local ranch, so I've been around them and I do appreciate their power and beauty. 
 I've been to Tucson a lot, mainly to see concerts that don't play in Phoenix - but I don't recall the fire?  Westerns are kind of my guilty pleasure and I've also been down to Tombstone to see where it all happened!
 Hello. Beautiful morning, The sun is shing bright. I recently found out the sun is actually white. Interesting
 It does make you wonder. The sun is so large though. I mean, Neptune just made it's first full orbit around the sun in 2011 since it's discovery in 1846!
 YEAH. NOW I AM READING ABOUT IT
 TRUE, VERY INTRIGUING. WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THE 20-SOMETHING ADULT?
 I AGREE
 haha thats a good question, seems very unfair ,also weird is how the avg nfl game only has 11 mins of actual gameplay, the rest is commercials and reffing and stuff
 ya I do, I watch it everyday, you? I can't believe its the second largest search engine on the internet, thats impressive!
 It is very impressive that Youtube was created in 2005 and Google bought the site in 2006  for 1.65 Billion. That is a lot of money in 1 year . 
 yup they def made their money back! I wonder how much money Gangnam Style has made, it had such a high view count that youtube had to upgrade their site haha
 3 of those are mine. One of the strangest fact about Youtube is that it started as a dating site.
 oh wow I didn't know that, have you ever gone to blutube btw? its like youtube but for police, that could be interesting
 haha thats a good point, its crazy too that netflix and youtube get half of all internet traffic, thats so much! good thing they have bob ross!
 On a weekly basis! Pretty wild to spend that much time interacting with an interface on a computer screen.
 Yes, I've heard that! As long as a female can meet league requirements she is free to play!
 Yes, I've heard they even use the tracking chips inside of footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
 No, I did not even know he had a brother. I'll have to see if I can find merch and listen to his voice and see if he sounds like Tom.
 Oh that's cool. I know game designers Jane Mcgonigal calculated that as a planet we play three billion hours of video games a week.
 Yeah true. On average a game only has 11 minutes of gameplay. Lots of commercials though.
 It's probably also the huddles and playbacks and such. Can you imagine being a top-ranked NFL player making millions a year for 11 minutes a game?!
 Yeah that would be really nice. Although the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
 Wow, then with the risk of the long-term head injuries and the lower pay, I'd go with being an engineer. Or a pro e-gamer :)
 Good thing they changed the name :) I remember playing 007 on n64 as a kid. Apparently, it was the first video game most of its creators had EVER worked on
 That was a great game. Some people categorize video games as an art form!
 Yeah thats with good reason. In South Korea kids under 16 can't play after midnight.
 Good question. Australia is odd for that. Tom Hanks brother does Woody's voice in video games!
 Cool beans!  I hear that in South Korea it's illegal for kids under 16 to play video games after midnight.  Wow!
 Well, I would have probably been under the jail, because I know I played alot after midnight, when I was supposed to be sleeping!  lol
 I read somewhere there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.  I knew there was alot of wasted time spent standing around, but come on.
 Hi! I enjoy all sorts of entertainment but specifically I like tv a lot. Though I've never ever saw one episode of Pokemon before and it's been on for over 750 episodes!
 Yeah, how does one go about proving that a concert was supposedly "bad", wonder if it was just an extortion attempt and what came out of it.
 That's wild, 2,263 concerts!
 I couldn't even imagine. I heard that in 1972 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the Ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience. I'd love to have been a fly on that wall.
 I will never go to a creed concert.  They were so bad that several of the fans actually sued them
 I'm so glad they broke up. They were horrible! I hope those fans won the lawsuit.
 South Park is always a better option. 
 It was an episode on the 20th Season called "4 Great Women and a Manicure." Female characters played 4 historical women in the episode and told stories from their perspectives. 
 I heard somewhere that the ottoman empire was still in power the last time they won. That is a really long time ago. 
 lol, I too love a good deal and found many while over there but the best was experiencing the food!! Oh my goodness; the danishes pastries and cheese's were so good, nothing like we have here. 
 I never knew that dogs had 12 different blood types, i thought they had 4 like humans
 A really fun fact is that the Chicago Cubs have employed pitches with 4, 5 and 6 fingers on their pitching hand!
 Did you know that in a typical seasons approximately 160,000 baseballs are used in the league.
 A fact I just learned but really enjoy is there was a pitcher that struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig in succession. They were banned from professional baseball and it was a 17 year old female!
 Oh nice! That is pretty cool. Makes me think what kind of breed I would get. Interestingly enough dogs aren't color blind apparently-I always thought they were!
 Very cool and interesting. One cool fact is that there are 12 different blood types that a dog can have! Sure does beat us humans!
 Yes it is. I guess that would make sense because there are a lot of animal hospitals around. Do you like tv dramas? I used to watch House MD, and Hugh Laurie made 700,000 per episode. Must be nice!
 Whoa interesting. He has definitely changed a lot. Like most celebrities do I guess. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of radio dramas for free. The internet is so cool!
 Smart man! At least he is being honest! Do you have a an iphone? The iphone has more computing power than an entire us nuclear icbm deterrent, so basically a super powerful computer in your hand!
 Wow that is great I wish more companies did things like that! Phones really are amazing. Do you remember when people had to use phonebooks? It is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together!
 Yeah that is surprising. It would have been quite the job putting them there! One of the best area codes to have is 212 because apparently it is the fastest area code to dial on a rotary phone!
 Yes it is basically instant. Very cool technology and so lucky that we have it. It is a great time to be alive I think! But life would be more happier with a dog! Istanbul even has a vending machine for stray dogs!
 I know right... me too.... I just learned about this law today.... and I am amusing myself thinking about it.... This may become my "national pastime"..
 lol i know just like the Indonesia president.... imagine that Trump could get Clinton to play sax in the back up band  
 Same here. Did you know the first World Series was in 1903?
 That's interesting. Hard to believe there have been 114 World Series already!
 I bet that was painful to watch! The Marine Corps once carried the Canadian flag into the World Series upside down. Oops!
 How do they make that mistake?  What did they think it was in the center?
 Haha. Who knows! It used to be that the teams with the best record got into the Series before they started holding championship games. 
 Maybe years ago, but now there are so many players. Baseball is super popular in Japan!
 Yup! In canada, kickball is called soccer-baseball! That's confusing. 
 It is! I wish my grandparents kept old baseball cards, they could be worth millions now. 
 Worth a try. Some guy found 3 million worth from the 1900's 
 Maybe that was JFK's secret! Nice chatting with you!
 I can't say I do but I know a bit about baseball, like if you catch a ball in your hat you get 3 bases apparently
 ya I've heard that, weird that in a year about 200k baseballs are used in america
 wow thats a lucky guy, did you hear about that one 17 year old girl? she struck out both babe ruth and lou gehrig
 that is crazy, also crazy is how the Cubs have had pitchers with as little ass 4 fingers on their pitching hands 
 I think so yes, theyve been around since 1876 and belone in the Central Division
 ya I think so, its funny that the curse was the longest in MLB history, they didnt win for 108 years!
 ah ok I was thinking of the world series championship draught, but yes it was only a 71 year National League Pennant draught 
 ya for sure, I bet they had crazy parties, and whats weird is their original name was the Chicago Orphans, kind of a downer haha
 Yeah I recommend it! But make sure you don't watch the UK version because it only lasted 10 episodes.
 I saw a few but yes that is a lot for sure. Enough to watch 50 a year for 16 years straight!
 Yes you are actually correct there is one episode where he never appeared nor was mentioned!
 He went to a high school whose fight song included six digits of pi. How cool is that?
 I really like the show Shark Tank, but I have heard Shark Tank's deals ore often left without being enacted.
 Yes, I used to watch that show. It is so crazy that Homer had 188 jobs just in the first 400 episodes alone.
 Oh that is really weird. I wonder if they ever had Shakespeare on the Simpsons. The play Two Noble Kinsmen is the only play he wrote that has not been adapted for film!
 I really like Pink Floyd. Bob Marley is the one on the charts for so long, but it is actually 914 weeks, I mis-typed. What an artist!
 No, I don't either. With all these terrorist. I didn't know baseball managers can play for their teams!
 I don't know about Japan? maybe it does too. Wow, pretty lucky finding baseball cards in your grandfathers attic worth 3 million.
 I saw that, So if you're in Canada, if they call it kickball could mean soccer or baseball. confusing. Surprised the women's world cup got higher ratings than the world series.
 I am too to be honest! I also can't believe the Cubs haven't won a world series since becoming the first baseball team to win back to back World Series titles. That's crazy!
 Very surprised! Would think they would do something about that by now!
 Exactly! And hey, even the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Cubs won a world series! Can you believe that?
 What, really? No one caught that up side down Canada flag in the 1992 world series.
 lol, I know. I'm surprised there are only 3 of the wealthiest presidents listed.
 I can't believe the three wealthiest were Jefferson, JFK and Washington! They must measure for inflation, right?
 I know, right? It sounds insulting. Imagine being a guest of President Banana! Ha! Speaking of guests, did you know the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself? Unbelievable!
 Yeah I just saw a video on that. Pretty cool. I thought the dogs were being primed to bring the bottles to the machine but seems like they need humans to do it.
 haha well that would be pretty amazing if they were! Out of all the animals, it's crazy to think  only dogs and elephants understand pointing! 
 That's very interesting! I don't know how I didn't know that dogs can't see that many colors. 
 haha hmm well maybe so! Who knows what will happen in the future. Id like to say crazier things have happened. 
 I agree. How interesting that an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear icbm deterrent. Cell phones really are an amazing thing. 
 I did not know that! I love that Unicef donates a day of clean water for every minute you don't use your phone! 
 200 days?! wow! It's hard to believe there are cables laying on the bottom of the ocean floor that carry phone and internet data. 
 Back in WW2 alan turing created a device to decipher Nazi messages, and it can be argued that it helped to win the war. good speaking to ya
 Yes, women can play if they meet the league's eligibility requirements. But if you are a New Orleans Saint's cheerleader you can't even eat in the same restaurant with any NFL player. 
 That is crazy.    I wonder if Japanese baseball cards could ever be worth $3 million.
 I heard about a man who found 3 million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic. What a score!!!
 I think it was in 2016.    Some believed the 71-year hiatus was due to Billy Sianis and his goat.
 I heard about that. Cursed!  They are one of the two oldest teams in the MLB. The other one is the Atlanta Braves. 
 There was some battle the year when both teams were formed, right?
 BTW, Wrigley is just as ridiculous a name as Guaranteed Rate Field.    We are just used to one!    Later!
 That is so sweet. Did you know there are 12 different blood types for dogs/
 I have never heard of a dog blood drive before. 
 I am surprised. I would have thought cats understand pointing.
 I can't believe that! That's like 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight! I didn't even know they made more haha.
 I agree! I wonder what society would have been like if Eminem chose to be a comic book artist instead!
 I believe it! They say his music is of cultural significance. He left us way too soon!
 haha, well I wear them all the time, I didn't know the "fly" is the cloth flap covering the zipper and not the zipper itself
 no you're right, what is crazy is that women weren't allowed to wear pants in the USA senate until the early 90s
 no I don't think so haha, that would look weird, also weird is that the incredible hulk's trousers are unbreakable
 haha good point, MLB umpires should develop unbreakable pants, they need to wear black underwear just incase their plants split haha
 haha that is good to know, do you follow presidents at all? the last president to speak another language was FDR
 ya that is weird, I do like in Guatemala that relatives of presidents can't run for the presidency, thats a good rule
 I will be haunted by those pants as well! A man twice sold the Eiffel Tower, that must have been a long time ago?!!
 They are a surprising group, they clearly have no moral code or value for ethics or privacy. Apparently they also sent message to Roger Stone of an advance notice on the DNC email hack/dump.
 Did you know that the government owns like 85% of Nevada??
 wow that is crazy, the government is weird I guess a rich billionaire bailed them out back in 1895
 haha I would hope! did you know the only president with a PHD was Woodrow Wilson?
 haha ya exactly, also I want the Hulks pants, apaprently they are indestructible
 did you know that women couldn't wear pants in the Senate building until like 1993
 ya that is sad but at least its been fixed, also I guess women couldn't legally wear pants in paris until 2013 lol
 True. Better that it has finally changed than to not have changed at all. I guess same for the women in Paris because holy cow.
 haha oh ok, well I gues the fly is technically the cloth flap and not the zipper itself, good to know
 This is making me sad and I just cracked my first beer so let's lighten this up... Did you know that a single google search requires more power that it took to send neil armstrong to the the moon?
 That is absolutely beyond crazy!   But google has always been a unique company - they used goats instead of people for mowing lawns!
 Yes but it uses a crazy amount of power - when google went down for 5 minutes in 2013, it took 40% of web traffic with it
 That's a larger amount than I would have thought. When there is a border dispute, Google plays mediator and tailors the map of each.
 I thought that the bue/red thing in politics was old, but it only got popular in the 2000s. 
 I stayed up so late watching TV last night. There are so many things to watch these days. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?!
 That's it? Just one! I guess he is the star. Television cartoons must be a tight knit crew. When South Park aired its Family Guy episode finale, the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew. 
 Indeed. I think I read about that on Facebook. Can you believe Facebook has been around so long. It was launched on February 4, 2004. That's 15 years ago now!
 Would have been a steal! When Facebook held its initial public offering in February 2012 it was valued at $104 billion! 
 It is so young. There is all kinds of crazy stuff on Facebook. Did you know there is a secret fan page for the kid who shot his classmates at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida?
 I don't know about Burger King's promotion to unfriend people. What was it about?
 Oh, yes! I forgot. I honestly didn't pay attention to it. It's crazy. The fact that makes me scary is that 1/3 of all divorce filling in 2011 in the US contained the word "facebook". It's super scary
 Hello!  It's a rare sunny day here it seems.  Amazing what a little sun can do and how reliant we are for it.
 I used to be a big fan, but haven't watched it in years.  It seems like I have watched more Thomas the Tank Engine than Simpsons in recent memory.  Interesting how both have so many famous voices.  The narrator of Thomas the Tank Engine has been voiced by Alec Baldwin, Ringo Starr, and George Carlin!
 Considering it is worth well over $100 billion today, can you believe that Myspace wouldn't buy it for $75 million?  
 yeah based on the fact that the vice president was always the runer up
 That is a funny reason, I guess he did not want to be associated with republicans in any way
 I didn't know that. I guess they feel like their doing well the way things are. 
 I probably helped with that. I'm terrible remembering to return DVDs and books. Did you know netflix has an hour long video  of a fireplace.
 Oh right!  I guess he can try instagram and twitter lol.  Nice talking to you. Take care
 That's pretty crazy! Apparently there are 137 million subscribers worldwide, and that's excluding China, where they have their own internet.
 I would guess that there is more, and just think, it all started because of a late fee haha.
 There is only one left I think and it just uses the name! They had their chance to buy Netflix too!
 It's worth 2 billion dollars now. Would have been worth it haha. Do you go on it between 9 pm and 12 am?
 Did you know there is only one episode where Bart isn't in it nor mentioned?
 Havent seen one, but that is surprising he is like the star of the show, why bench him
 I agree! Did you ever get into Pokemon?
 You and me both! I should relive those days haha. Nice chatting with you!
 I do, too. They have 137 million subscribers!
 That's a lot. Hard to believe that they just started streaming original content in 2012.
 That's interesting, since they were founded in 1997. I guess it was just DvD rentals for several years. 
 That's amazing! They tried to sell to Blockbuster a few times. 
 Blockbuster made a terrible business decision by not buying them. 
 Definitely! They could have bought for $50 million! 
 That's incredible! They used to sell DVDs in the beginning, which I didn't know. 
 Actually, I think it was a VHS copy, that was a long time ago!
 o
 The schools should guarantee a degree even if the players get hurt.
 That sounds dangerous, I wonder if they got mesothelioma? Apple even had a clothing line in 1986.
 Oh nice. Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea, didn't even know that was allowed!
 Yeah good point. The label actually says made in China so it must be a contentious subject.
 Wow that is so ridiculous. I want to live in Hawaii because the official business attire is the aloha shirt.
 Good question, maybe they don't even have casual Fridays. Shirts can also have symbolic value like in China the gangs used to layer as many shirts as they could.
 Very cool I am definitely glad they invented it. In British English a shirt is more of a collared button-down shirt.
 Yes exactly. Well it wasn't until later that the shirt was adopted by polo players and thus got its name.
 Wow that seems very excessive he must've been huge. Apparently the button down is where the collar tips fastened to the body of the shirt where as the button up does not.
 Yes very cool. There's even a store in Alabama that sells stuff from unclaimed baggage at airports. It was nice chatting with you.
 Yeah, it is hard to believe but it is so popular in the rest of the world, I can see it being a big money maker.In the 1960s the top bowlers in the US made twice as much as the top football stars.  Times change.
 I think I had read somewhere that he had represented the US at the Pan American Maccabi games in Brazil in 1983.  Multitalented guy, he is.
 That's so true, I was shocked to learn that there is a variation of soccer where three teams face each other at the same time.
 Well that doesn't surprise me though they make a lot of money. But back in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. And probably coaches too!
 Jeez that's hefty. This highest score ever in a football game was 222-0 in 1916 lol!
 I wonder who the other 11 belong to? They also have top-of-the-line clothing for their teams. Speaking of clothing Apple had a clothing line in 1986!
 That would be very scary! I've never even heard of that. It can't be legal. Or maybe that's just how they do it in Mexico? Polo shirts were actually invented for tennis players.
 Oh that's really cool I didn't know that. I did know that in British English a shirt is more specifically a garment with a collar sleeves and a cuff so basically a button up shirt.
 I guess it's good for comradery. I wasn't that aware of it until the shooting last year. I'm surprised that it began so long ago and continued.
 Hello, I love concerts. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in just 2001?
 I was sad when Chester killed himself. There is an ancient Roman amphitheater still being used today as a concert venue in Croatia. 
 Yes that was a big blow to the band. I would love to see a concert there. In 2002 Creed had a concert so bad they got sued by their fans!
 That's hilarious. I was never a huge fan of Creed. What about you?
 I did not know that, but it makes sense. The top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington.
 Not sure you meant to send that! The president of Indonesia has even dropped 3 pop albums while in office!
 Sorry about that. I accidentally hit enter. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop star lol?
 Haha maybe. The president guest house is actually bigger than the white house.
 I wonder why that is? Did you know Elmo is the only non human to testify before the US Congress?
 I was thinking the same thing! It definitely did not work out. I think it is cool that the Norwegian govt. donated $1billion to help save the amazon rainforest.
 That was an awful nice gesture from Norway. I wish our government could do something like that. Our government would probably try to buy the Eiffel tower twice from a man in France, who was impersonating a government official. 
 Yes it is. It's disturbing that in 2006 they passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Conventions. 
 That sounds insulting but hard to say. So the three wealthiest presidents in history were jfk, washington and jefferson. But I am thinking this was before Trump was considered.
 I figured that was an old statistic that I read. What about I heard that the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. You think he would be too busy to sing.
 You would think, but I guess not. Could you imagine if one of our presidents released an album?
 I did not know that. Speaking of soundtracks, I did know that the soundtrack to "O Brother, Where Art Thou"? is certified 8 times platinum.
 It looks like the wealthiest presidents in American history JFK, Washington and Jefferson!
 That's surprising! But not as surprising as facts about Indonesia's president - did you know that they have released 3 pop albums, while in office?
 No I didn't, that's really interesting!  It almost seems like a conflict of interest, like he shouldn't be devoting so much time to making music.
 I heard that! That's wild. I wonder how much they cost? Side note - apparently Republicans are better at baseball than Democrats! I feel like that's a surprising fact too haha. 
 That's funny!  The first woman was elected to congress before she even had rights to vote.  
 That would be amazing!  Another fun fact is The Ramones toured for over 20 years.  I had no idea.  Ironically, I think they became more popular when they stopped being a band.
 Very true!  It's a hard lifestyle.  So in 1972 Pink Floyd had no audience when he recorded a live concert in the roman amphitheater in Pompei.
 I don't know, but I see they were actually sued for it.
 True. Crazy to think that top bowlers made twice as much as footbal stars in 1960s
 I know, so skilled at it. I mean, in 1924 they scores 132 goals and only let in three during the olympic games
 Yeah, he is still a legend in Canadian Hockey. 
 Cool. A hockey player that was traded for 1 dollar in 1993 went on to win four stanley cups. Go figure. 
 Could be!  with no audience, the sound there must be outstanding!
 Yes, I know about Linkin Park doing that many!  Makes sense....Well, guess Elmo is the only non-human before congress to testify! Who knew?
 I was thinking the same thing. So typical! Didn't know they had a yearly baseball game for both sides since 1908.
 Yes, I read that! I would have thought there would be more Presidents added to that list than 3 for the wealthiest!
 JFK was among the walthiest presidents of all time.
 President bana, in other news, is the first president of Zimbabwe.
 Then he should donate as well. speaking of artists I just learned that Steven Spielberg played clarinet on the Jaws soundtrack.
 Totally, I heard they negotiated that deal over pancakes while in costume.  Kinda hard to eat pancakes.
 The Norwegian government donated 1 billion to save the rainforest in the past.
 That's incredible. The eiffel tower is huge.
 haha that is true, that is like the famous sound of it for sure, have you seen the movie Batman Begins? The one directed by Christopher Nolan
 Ok its a great movie I'd actually recommend it, and apparently on the soundtrack each track is named after the genus of a bat, so they have weird latin names
 Ya I don't know but it would be interesting to go back in time just to see how different things would be, apparently a man in france impersonated a French official and sold the eiffel tower twice, that takes some confidence!
 unfortunately I think that the country is so divided that we will have an impasse for a while yet, what do you think?
 I'm surprised that Trump isn't on that list. Maybe it isn't completely up to date. 
 Sand.  Lots and lots of nothing. If a man in Nevada managed to sell the Eiffel tower that would be something remarkable.  
 Yea and it makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined
 Lol, I wish I could play hockey but I can't skate. It's crazy an average hockey player loses 8 pounds from playing in one game
 That's news to me. did you know that there is a store in alabama that sells clothes, cameras and other stuff left at baggage claim.
 ha no but I always wondered what they did with that stuff, I also didn't know Apple made clothes in 1986, I wonder if they're worth money
 I didn't not know that. Rip curls clothes say China even though they are made in North korea
 I wonder what types of clothes those are? Apparently polo shirts were invented by tennis players and only later were used by actual polo players
 That's ironic. I didn't realize there was a difference in button up and bottom down shirts.
 ya I never heard of that, I do love that in hawaii people wear those colorful aloha shirts insteada of professional suits haha
 that is wild, did you know that at the funeral of Billy mays all of thiss pallbearers wore khaki pants and blue shirts instead of suits?
 I like how style changes over time, in china it was fashionable to wear as many shirts as possible and pop the collars haha
 Fashion aficionados look for collar gaps on your clothes to tell if you get your clothes tailored or not
 I find wolves to be amazing animals, though am equally amazed to find the Loch Ness MOnster is a protected species.
 Which animals can? Crazy thought.
 Wow. Not sure I would ever want that. There are 20 quintillion indivudual animals on earth. I wonder how many zeroes?
 Or just really enjoys bananas on cheerios. Who knows!
 I guess it was disrespectful to be in public in their fatigues? I'm not sure. I will have to google it. I can't believe Google has been around since 1998. 
 It's a definite possibility. I didn't know two Stanford students developed Google. 
 Thats amazing to think about! I think the other guy is Larry. The two of them still own 14% of Google shares but get 56% of the vote. 
 That's a very cool method. Google crashed for 5 minutes in 2013 and stopped 40% of web traffic!
 At least, I'm sure. Google once used live goats to mow their lawn 
 When there is a disputed border, google maps tailors its maps to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located
 That's bizarre. Google headquarters is in Mountain View, California. 
 Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road
 I didn't know google is now a conglomerate called Alphabet.
 It is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together!
 A weak person??? An iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Amazing! New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Wow, so interesting...Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.
 Same here have a good night
 I do drive a car.  I think it's crazy that it's legal in South Africa to attach a flame thrower to your car!
 Oh my goodness! Can you imagine what the US would look like without them? 
 I had no idea! To think, a few seconds of typing uses so much computer power.  I heard Google used a lot of goats to mow the lawns, too funny!
 That's definitely another way to go green. Get everyone off their devices.  Do you know anything about Google Maps?
 Not much, honestly, I can see it can calculate traffic though!
 Another fun fact about Google Map; if there's any issues with a country's border, they tailor their maps to the claims of any country where internet is located.
 Very cool! I didn't know google was founded in 1998, did you?
 I did! I just think it's crazy how technology has changed.  From vehicles, telephones, and google, and now they're all tied together somehow.
 Makes you think! Nice talking to you!
 I think it is crazy that when google went down in 2013, more than 40 percent of web traffic was effected
 I will give google credit for creativity however.  Instead of hiring lawnmowers, they use goats to eat the grass at their office
 Their headquarters is amazing.  It is located in Mountain View California and is dubbed the GooglePlex.
 Awesome me too. A single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon!
 That is an amazing statement.  I had to think about that, how primitive things were back then.  It's wild that we have so much computing power at our fingertips.
 Yes we are so lucky. Google even determines the traffic for us by tracking android devices.
 Yes it is very fun to visualize. Google even uses goats to eat/trim their lawns around the headquarters.
 Yes I would like to know about the reasoning as well. In 2013 Google went down for about five minutes and took 40% of web traffic with it. That goes to show how many people use Google.
 Yes I am concerned about privacy as well. Google has a lot of power. When there is a disputed border, Google maps tailors its maps to the claim of each country where the Internet browser is located.
 Oh that's cool. Did you know the trunk of the cars called the boot because old cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back.
 I do try to, but I have heard there are huge pay gaps. 
 It is. A change in UK law required companies with more than 250 employees to disclose gender pay gaps. On average men made 30% more.
 Yes. I have read that even when women are recording in studio they are told things like they don't need headphones as they will mess up their hair!
 I would say so! But no more dangerous than playing guitar. I have heard that when Eddie Van Halen recorded the guitar solo for "beat it" he set the studio speakers on fire! Yikes!!
 That is awesome!  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day!
 A rabbir really lol, of all the pets thats the last one I would have guessed, and no I think Trump is on top of that list
 I would agree.  Did you know that the 1st President of Zimbabwe was called "President Banana"!  Some might think that to be an insult.  But in my opinion, it is really mild considering the names the left has for President Trump.
 I agree, poor donkeys and poor elephants, there is a funny anecdote with Truman and Dumbo
 I knew they owned a lot but not that much... In 2008 the norwegian government donated $1bn to help save the amazon rainforest.
 Yes, I do. I think it saves money though...
 Yes, there are some positive externalities with telecommuting. Radio Lab recently did a piece on telecommuting and it said telecommuting made it more difficult to get promoted...
 I did not. What a great fact. Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.
 Wow, I did now. What great trivia. Speaking of the internet, Constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain
 Thank You ;) ....so why Florida ?
 How are they making it more difficult? I think with traffic congestion, the govt would want more people off the roads.
 Thats a lot of Candian music!
 Did you know Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises
 Good evening.  Do you Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up and heard by am radion
 I did not know that, I was actually surprised by that fact. I was also fascinated by the website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas free.
 Also, soldiers in wwii use razorblade and pencil to make simple radio
 That was a lot of money
 I agree, he is a great actor too bad he doesnt star in drama movies anymore
 Did you know the NBA was started in 1946? It seems like it's been around for so much longer!
 That's kind of neat!  I wish my place of work had something like that.
 Awesome!  ..and holy smokes!  That is!  That wouldn't go over well in the NBA.
 I really don't know how these guys burn through their money.  It boggles my mind.  Tim Duncan sacrificed money to stay in college instead of going right to the NBA.
 That is...however one of the craziest things is that vasectomy rates increase in march so men can stay home and watch march madness!
 totally! so interesting to learn that the highest paid employees in alot of starts are college football and basketball coaches. Seems so wrong
 Yeah, its just a funny word so I thought I would share. Yes, I love Kansas too! The coach s the father of basketball and its so sad that he lost! Irony.
 Yes he got into acting for the pretty girls in drama class!
 HA! No I like that idea better. I accidently added an extra 0 to good ole Hugh Lauries income per episode of House, by the way. 
 How ironic is that.  The only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history, but you invented the game.  Must have taken a lot of ribbing over that throughout the years.
 That must have really sucked, big time.
 did You know that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in "House" ?
 Oh, You're a true fan ! ;)
 Yep, I am a diehard fan.  Did you know that Space is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time
 I don't think I've ever seen that movie...
 i saw that movie a while ago.  Btw, did you know that vasectomy rate increase during college basketball tournament so that men can stay at home to watch the tournament for a more few days
 this is true devotion. Would You ever do that ? ;)
 They probably had whole bunch of people with too much time on their hands ;) lol
 I wonder how You "invent" a game like basketball ;)
 Don't think I've ever heard of him. Did you know that Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million in early 2005?
 Maybe so... Did you know that Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001? That's a lot of concerts!
 Those are some strong signals! I just learned that Pink Floyd recorded a live concert in Pompeii in 1972 with no audience! That would have been fun to see.
 Did you know that Mark Zuckerburg is color blind? Hence the blue coloring on Facebook.
 I guess it's from red-green colorblindness.
 I wonder how they check that? Did you know a simple radio can somehow be made with a razorblade and a pencil? Apparently soldiers did it in WWII!
 Will have to check that out. You can also check out a weekly new program conducted entirely in classical latin on Finnish radio!
 Wonder if they're any good. Did you know that in Croatia, there's an ancient Roman amphitheater where you can still see concerts? Must be cool.
 well I like professional stuff more personally, likeI think its funny the dunk was banned in the NBA for a while
 I know! That's because Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (remember him from 'Airpline!'?) "abused" his ability to perform it. Kind of seems unfair to ban something because someone is too good at it
 ya I would love to see one of those games, what about new zealands team being nicknamed the "tall blacks" that seems kind of like a bad name
 haha thats a good point, also weird is in almost 40 states the highest paid gov employee is either a football or basketball coach
 ya I agree, I can't imagine making 700k per episode like Hugh Laurie, I would never stop making the show House!
 haha good point, I do like that Jon Hamm used to be a drama instructor for a high school, that was nice of him
 ya I agree, and at least he got to teach the actress who played Erin from the show the Office
 ya I don't know I'll give it a try I guess, it is free after all
 I like college. Did you know Jabbar's dunk was banned in college for 10 years?
 That is very ironic. In 39 of 50 states, the top earning employee in the state is either a college basketball or football coach.
 That's hilarious and is a very fitting name for the court.
 House was awesome. I can't believe Hugh Laurie makes $700,000 per episode.
 Haha that's not a bad gig if you're in it for the women.
 I saw that too. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 I did see that. I saw players don't shoot that way because they think it looks weird. 
 I saw that, I wondered who started it. I think volleyball was too! I think it was smart that Tim Duncan finished college before going directly to the nba.
 Wicks felt Northern VA was his home even though he was from England.  His band was more appreciated here he felt.
 No, I bet myspace regrets not buying them now
 I don't know, but you are correct!  In Iceland they are rewriting the constitution via facebook;  they allow the public to give suggestions and alterations on facebook.
 No way.  Speaking of another place, Jupiter has radio storms really strong that they can be picked up and heard on am radio.  Wonder what they sound like?
 Wow, 324 concert in a year, that's almost one per day
 That's a lot.  The ramones playes 2263 concerts almost non-stop for over 20 years
 The game was so much better then, it's crazy that the Air Jordans were originally banned by the nba when they first came out
 Shaq would still probably miss lol. It's crazy that college basketball banned dunking due to how dominant Kareem abdul-jabbar was with it
 Hello, it is crazy to find out that either a college football and basketball coach get a high pay.
 Not really, but Porter played well in the 4th quarter for the Wizards.
 No, I'm more into Hugh Laurie. I saw that he is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama.
 Yes, he made an astounding $700,000 per episode!
 Fantastic actor! I was surprised to learn that he is actually British. I was unable to pick up his accent in the tv series.
 I would have loved to see that. Another fantastic actor is Jim Carrey. He has a moral opposition to doing dramas.
 I love Jim Carrey... but I think I just saw a movie with Him in Poland... I think it was a Drama...
 HAHAHA! Hey, I have one more silly fact...physicists have proven that shooting basket ball hoops granny style is the most effective way to score points but the players don't do it because it looks stupid!
 I don't know what that looks... what's so silly about that style ?
 isn't it easy to block a shot like that ?
 Do you remember when the Air Jordans first came out?
 they were banned on the NBA court. Jordan wore them every game. It was a big deal in the media. Nike payed the NBA fines so he would keep wearing them. Great advertising.
 Reggie Millers sister was a better palyer than he was. He was bragging about his scores all the while she had made better scores.
 His is a hall of famer. In high school his sister overshadowed him. She won 8 national basketball records!
 Yes he is. He received an amazing endorsement deal with Reebok. He gets $800,000 per year until age 55 and then a lump sum of $32,000,000!
 I love Lebron James and yes he brings the drama.  Speaking of Drama what do you think about the New Zealand basketball team nicknamed the "tall black"?
 I know right!  Crazy!  Not as crazy as ALeen iverson getting paid 800,000 dollars a year from rebok and when he turns 55 he gets a lump sum of 32,000,000 dollars... WOW!
 I thought so too, but I know that they adopted the name National Basketball Association in August 1949.  To think this happened after a few years after WWII.  
 It does. I could not imagine trying to come up with that many. 
 Yeah I agree with you. Have you ever used the granny style shot to shoot a basketball? Apparently that is the most accurate, if I were paid $800,000 a year I would gladly shoot granny style
 I agree with you. It's shocking that he is actually British LOL. I'm glad he got paid a lot of money, he made almost $700,000 per episode
 Yeah I agree with you. It would be a completely different show without him. the world would be a completely different place without Michael Caine as an actor as well haha. And he only got started to chase cute girls
 I have seen some good acting on the basketball court when the odd player takes a dive.  I like that the New Zealand team call themselves the tall blacks, in reference to their rugby team, the all blacks.
 I'd love to have that choice.  I hear Allen Iverson still gets paid by Reebok even though he no longer plays.  He'll get it until he's 55.  I doubt Hugh Laurie still gets his money.
 If you have enough money I guess you can be picky about what jobs you take. Can you imagine having jon hamm as your drama teacher in high school? he taught ellie kemper!
 Yes there are a lot of great dancers for sure.  Bruce was even a championship dancer!
 Well I was surprised to learn that Henry ford supported the spread of country music over his fear of jazz
 I didn't. I myself was surprised that Bruce lee was also an accomplished dancer
 Yes he is such a classic!I didn't realize that he is cousins with Jeff Bezos.
 That's the only one I know too. Apparently the Fender Stratocaster was intended for country music.
 I did not know that but it makes sense because Ford and country music go together very well. It's interesting he had a fear of jazz music though.
 Yeah probably was.The band U2 played country music at one time to open for their concerts.
 That is hilarious! Trump should follow suit! The president of Zimbabwe was nicknamed banana!
 really anything. I actually love family guy so it's cute to hear that when siouth park aired the family guy episode, the producers got flowerrs from the simpsons crew 
 I agree. I remember when i started using facebook, it was totally different. I didn't know that if you unfriend 10 people, you get a free whopper at Burger King. That's rpetty hilarious!
 I think so! I didn't realize Justin Bieber's baby is th most disliked video. I mean i definitely dont like it but i don't hate it THAT much. 
 I'm sure. Plus they are so popular globaly which helps. THey even have countries rewriting their constitution leveraging facebook to encourage people to participate. the reach of this platform is so crazy!
 I love George Carlin. I miss him. I was watching That 70's Show the other day, and learned that they had a British version.
 That 70's Show, lol. It was canceled in 10 episodes. Must have been horrid.
 I haven't been on it in so long, that I almost forgot about Burger King's unfriending promotion.
 I concur.  Btw, did you know that Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a Phd degree
 Yes, that's alot of touring in one year! Must be that amphitheaters are good for recording, like Pink Floyd in Pompeli.
 Recording I think. What, Jeff Bezos is a cousin of George strait? Who knew?
 Yes, lets hope that gets better. Thinking they don't have that problem in Indonesia?
 Yeah while being the president! Have a great day! good chat!!
 Yes, better things to do.
 For a running back, who was entrusted with the ball 20-30 times a game, that is pretty remarkable!
 Nixon, I should have known!
 My son is 7 and he is the one who really loves it. I am not sure hillbilly music is a positive connotation.
 Really? I had no idea. As a jazz fan, I do not like that. Seems low key racist too.
 Wow, that's not a lot. I would think there would be more. The stratocaster was intended for country!
 Wow how irresponsible. Ya there is a reason why creed couldn't continue like the ramones who toured non stop for 20 years and played 2K+ concerts
 I'm not sure since I was busy pigging out. HA! It's amazing how much football popularity has grown. In the 60s bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 Ha, well that's interesting. I guess I'd still wear them. So I guess people in high society still get clothes tailored? Fashionistas look for collar gaps to tell if you get your clothes tailored or not.
 Haha, you are right! I remember that. Speaking of traditional clothes, women were not allowed to wear pants on the U.S. senate floor until 1993. That seems fairly recent.
 Ha, that is true!
 I don't get to as much as I would like but I would love to do it much more. Did you know that in Japan all it's highways are tolls and it cost more than $300 to travel across the country.
 That is good. I heard that they did it in no time flat!  That is pretty cool.
 Definitely! Almost everyone involved in this wedding reschulled everything in 24 hours, what a pain.
 I think it's well deserving it totally changed the way football is watched. The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated cumber land  222 to 0.
 I like the candy desk. I'd be visiting it often.
 Yeah I would not be able to lose weight if I work there. In 1988 a US senator invoked an obscure rule to allow the Sergeant at arms to arrest absent senators and bring them into the chamber for a vote. Sounds extreme to me.
 Yeah that does sound extreme. I herd one senator attempted to escape, but was caught and carried feet-first into the senate chamber by three officers.
 That is very intense. I can't believe women were not allowed to wear pants on the US Senate floor until 1993.
 That's crazy, they just like hanging on to old rules. Kind of like they hung on to the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it.
 Yeah, didn't he say "Republicans buy shoes too?"
 Not sure. But I know that Rip curl makes clothes in North Korea but the label says that it's made in China.
 That's weird, I wonder why they would lie about it?
 because North Korea doesn't want people knowing perhaps. In the pilgrim days they only wore black for special occasions and they were colorful clothes on a day-to-day basis. I think that is kind of backwards.
 Really!!! I didn't know that. Wow!!!
 No I didn't. That is very interesting.
 Wow now, I have never visit Japan, what about you? I feel a little nervous thinking about a plane ride that far.
 Are you saying that one can get to Japan by car, wow, If yes how many hours is that and how many days it would take to get to Japan?
 Yes If I am right, the first king name Kalakaua, I didn't know there are kings in hawaii, guess I never thought about it.
 No I didn't know that. Did you know dogs have 12 different blood types and dogs donate blood to other dogs?
 Hey, it takes a lot of money to get elected!  Campaigns are expensive.  Did you know up until 1905, the runner up would become Vice President?  I can imagine all the fighting that would have caused!
 I know, that would be crazy!  Did you know the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?  Can you imagine any of our current or former Presidents singing?? LOL
 Maybe he combined them.. turning political speeches into pop songs. Hehe!
 In the past.  I have not had time lately.  I heard that LInkin Park played 342 concerts in 2001.
 Now you want to talk long concert runs, they say The Ramones have played 2,263 concerts for almost 20 years!  Now that's dedication!
 Wow, I bet that would be awesome to attend a concert in a place like!  I think Pink Floyd once recorded a concert in an old amphitheater...
 I heard about it.  Apparently, they had a live concert in the ancient place without any audience.
 Huh... no audience?  Did they at least record it, I wonder?  Otherwise, seems like that would be a little pointless.. 
 They might just make a music video or, perhaps it was to personally enjoy the ambience.
 Speaking of concerts, they say a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band.  Can you imagine a concert THAT bad you get sued for it?  Wow...
 I'm sure that's a nice relaxing island to be on, but I don't know about traveling with horse drawn carriages.
 Good for them. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of "pokemon." that's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.
 yes that is crazy because there were so many episodes of That 70's show, the American version.
 Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. Do you have any dogs?
 did you know george strait and jeff bezos are cousins?
 What?  I couldn't imagine Trump trying to be a rock star!!!!
 im not a huge country fan but i love linkin park Due to the success of their debut album, linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.
 I seem to vaguely rememebr seeing shirts with the apple logo on them a while back.  I didn't know they had a whole clothing line though.  Clothing is an interesting thing, like how some clothing can be gender specific.
 Haha.  I know, right?  You think that is dangerous, there is a company owner who makes bulletproof clothing and shoots his employees to test the clothes and to enforce quality control.  I think I would pass on working there.
 Yeah, I've heard it was intended for country music.  Did you know U2 started off as a country music band called "The Dalton Brothers From Galveston, Texas"?  I can't see Bono singing country tunes...
 Yeah, I heard Creed once had a concert so bad they were sued by some of the audience members.  Can you imagine performing that badly?  Wonder if they had technical probs or if they were just impaired (or maybe both...)
 Yeah, I read somewhere they've been touring almost non-stop for 20 years!  Now, that's dedication to the craft!
 Yeah, that's pretty awesome!  I wonder if the acoustics in the Amphitheater made it sound better. I tell ya, talk about tours, one band I wish I could have caught on tour is Linkin Park.  
 Yeah, I heard they were related.  I imagine a guy like Bezos got all kinda of correspondence from "relatives" after he founded Amazon.  Hehe.  Did you know that Henry Fonda financed country music because he felt jazz music was "decadent"?  
 Oh, you know what?  I was wrong, I just googled it!  Lol!  Yeah, that's pretty neat, can you imagine any the current or past US presidents making an album (either in office or out?)  
 You know what's really crazy, up until 1806 the runner up in the Presidental race became the Vice President.  Can you imagine all the conflicts and bitterness that would inspire if we still did that today?
 With the way some of them probably got along, you would hope they'd keep plenty of space between each other.  LOL
 haha ya that was a blowout, did you ever bowl? I guess bowlers made mre money that football players back in the day
 haha definitely! do you like the patriots? they ahve a player that has never fumbled the ball before
 You know who else is clueless? THe US Senate!  Did you know female senators were not allowed to wear pants on the Senate floor until 1993?  Get a clue dudes!
 haha that's funny, ya their candy desk started in the late 60's, and apparently only candy from Pennsylvania is allowed, weird haha
 haha I'd try that stuff on for fun! did you hear apple had a clothing line back in the 80s, must have been pretty wild haha
 I didn't think so either. I was scratching my head after his rendition
 He's definitely an interesting president that's for sure. Another interesting president was Woodrow Wilson. He's the only one to have a Ph.D
 Yep I agree. I think we should have that here. One weird Quirk of our election system is that you can lose the popular vote and still win. that happened five times in our history
 That is weird! Also weird that FDR spoke of foreign language and was the last president to do so
 Well I do like Google. I personally use being though haha. I have a Google phone. I guess you can zoom in to Google moon, which is like Google Earth but the moon, and originally if you zoomed in far enough it would have a picture of cheese haha
 Wow that is impressive. have you ever typed the word "askew" into google? it's supposed to make the page tilt but I just did it and it didn't do anything haha
 haha they call them nooglers and make wear propellear beanie caps lol
 That's really cool! Also did you know that Gmail was started by the Garfield website? Google bought the domain name from them
 interesting, lets talk about the president. there has been only one president that had a PHD and that was Woodrow Wilson 
 yes, and the last president to be able to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR
 I am not sure, the first president to be photographed during his inauguration was Lincoln. 
 There have been 5 presidents elected that have lost the popular vote. 
 I did not know that. In Guatemala they don't allow close relatives of former presidents to run for president themselves. 
 I don't know, lets talk about horror films next. The movie E.t was supposed to be a horror film originally. 
 I agree. The voice of the dad on phineas and ferb was the writer for rocky horror picture show. 
 it is good. The people involved in filming the original exorcist did not think it would be considered a horror film. 
 I agree. Another film that was supposed to be a horror film was inception, but eventually it turned into a heist film. 
 yes, they were going to name the 1996 movie scream scary movie instead 
 Google probably even tracks the goats doing the lawns. I'm surprised that Trump isn't one of three richest presidents.
 I didn't know that 86% of the land in Nevada was owned by the U.S. government, crazy!
 Yeah, I think they are still around, apparently they published the gov plan to destroy them. 
 Yes well a lot of things that the government does are very scary to me, like how it owns 86% of Nevada, although I guess a lot of that is just desert or something
 Best that could be. It's also scary that someone impersonated a government official in France and sold the Eiffel Tower twice, hopefully no one does that and sells the Statue of Liberty here
 I cant believe someone was successful in that twice.  I mean, the same guy too...  
 He was very talented! Kind of like the director of the movie Frozen, which made a billion dollars I think, she was the first female director of a Disney movie
 I'm not 100% sure, but probably she is, I'm shocked to learn to that Wreck-It Ralph was started in the late 1980s and it has been in development for about 30 years
 Yes I don't know, but I only saw the first one and not the sequel to that movie, do you know that toy manufacturers get involved with Disney before the film even begins getting made?
 In that case wreck it ralph toys have been in production for quite some time.  lol  
 Haha you're right about that! Have You Ever Seen The Lion King? Apparently it was dubbed into Zulu before it's released because that is an African language
 Yep I wonder if they still do that. On a separate note, what do you think about the president of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums? should Trump Do the same?
 Haha good point! I'm just shocked that he's not in the top three most wealthy presidents though, Washington Jefferson and JFK are the 3 by the way
 Yes you might be right. You also might be right that the guest house is smaller than the White House itself. I don't see how that should be possible
 I didn't know that 86% of land in Navada is owned by the US government
 have you at least watched Frozen?
 In Factual Section 1, I was surprised to see that someone sold the eiffel tower twice. I would like to interview the people who thought that they were buying it.
 I'm not too into it. I think it's cool how much talent some NFL players have though, like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 Yeah that is pretty crazy.  Football players get paid so much more now than they used to - bowlers made more back in the 60s
 Yeah, football has increased in importance in our society for sure. So much that the superimposed yellow line won an emmy!
 Yeah, why do we even need celebrities to be voices in animated films? I guess that is a relatively modern development.
 And we even need celebrities to show up on Sesame Street! Because, you know, that's important for children.
 Yes hopefully more celebrities do things for good like that. I'd like to be a celebrity though, then I could visit Pixar Studio's secret room!
 Oh, really? Interesting!
 Cool! And Stephen Fry does narration too.
 Interesting. I wonder how they can enforce that though.
 Really? You read all of the fine print? Reading does require critical analysis. Possibly my attention span is just too short for such. 
 That's awesome. Some characters do look recognizable. Did you ever play Goldeneye? It's crazy 8 of its 9 developers had never worked on video games before it!
 Agreed. So do you like football as well? The flags at football stadiums actually weigh over 1000 pounds and cost $50k to make. That is insane!
 Indeed. And speaking of football, there's a stadium in Allen, Texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build... and it's a high school stadium if you can believe that!
 I have had good experiences with psychics I like them, but yes, in D.C. and he was disabled which is even worse that she scammed all of his money. This man has a mental capacity of an 8 year old....sad.
 Speaking of phones, I heard of a weird fundraising concept. Apparently UNICEF will donate a day of clean water for a child who needs it for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Any idea how to sign up for that?
 I am an avid reader. I think is is funny that two great writers held you laugh you lose competitions when reading terrible poetry!
 Unreal! Can you believe that NYC area code is 212 because it was the fastest to dial?
 That is a mini computer. In addition there is 3G cell service on mt everest.
 I can't get 3g at my house!
 Ha! I am surprised that 7% of people read the full terms when buying something or service on the internet.
 I know, crazy! Did you know that Reading requires creativity and critical analysis?
 I actually would have thought that writing required creativity!
 That is true. I so often picture the story in my mind. The fact that we can take symbols and understand the words is amazing.
 Which is funny because reading and clicking on different internet sites does cause addition in the brain!
 Probably what makes reading and writing so popular!
 I agree. The world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute!
 Not that I can recall. I usually order something online. Did you know Internet is a combination of the words interconnected network?
 To a certain extent but I didn't know how in depth it is compromised of
 Me either. The internet is so widespread, there is even service on the peak of Mt. Everest!
 That's pretty cool. I didn't realize the wires that carry internet date across oceans just lay on the ocean floor!
 Telephones and internet have come a long way. n iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 That's true. I never knew New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 No clue, did you know Unicef apparantly donates water to children for every minute you don't use your cell phone?
 True. I heard only 7% read the terms and conditions!
 In regards to reading comprehension, this measures how much you can understand the symbols such as letters
 I agree, kudos to them for thriving in such a period that was harsh.
 I wonder too! Maybe they like books related at all to troops in some form.
 That's crazy to think, so much information in so small of a cable. A lot of olden things stayed about telephones. New York's area code of 212 is so because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 And I wonder how they measure that! It's hard to not use your cell phone though, they're so compelling. An iphone has more power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 I do! It's scary how powerful the internet is too. And people are very lax with it, only 7% of people read the terms and service when buying on the internet.
 Yes! I've heard it's called a hamburger button, makes sense when you picture it. I try not to use the internet too much, it can actually cause measurable addition to clicking links!
 Ahah that's certainly impressive, maybe they should advertise that more. A lot of institutions are focused around the internet. The library of Alexandria actually has a saved copy of the internet somehow!
 I can't imagine the amount of space it would take to do that. I did hear that there was a backup somewhere in case the internet burns down but I don't know how that would happen. 
 Maybe it would be for the best one day, free a lot of people from the temptation of using the internet
 That really is an addiction! Can you believe there is 3g cell service on top of Mt Everest?
 Wow. So I can't get away from my addiction even there. 
 Not even there lol. Are you one of the 7 percent of people that read the full terms when buying a product or service?
 That is easy to get distracted with. Makes me hungry too. Do you like to read?
 I do! I can't believe that not too long ago they caused a moral panic! I wonder why?
 How can one burn the internet down lol? Maybe because iPhones have more computer power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent?
 They also recommend Ender's Game. Have you read or seen the movies to both?
 You can read 4700 words per minute? I think that is impressive haha.
 A real classic!  I really do love reading, though I could never finish a book as fast as world speed reading record holder Anne Jones!
 Thats crazy to think about. We literally hold the worlds information in the palm of our hands, while the United States ICBMs still run on floppy disks. 
 Wow!  Let's hope we can worry more about phone apps than missiles in our future.
 I can too, I learned in Elementary school how to do it, but I'm nowhere near the record of 4,700 words a minute.
 It's the act of looking yourself up on the internet haha. I can admit I've done it before haha.
 No, I've def not done that.  Nothing special here to see. Lol
 It is very funny. I actually did see that tower story on TV. I think it was Drunk History that I caught it on. What a crazy story. 
 did you know that trump wouldn't make the lisst of the top 3 richest us presidents?
 Top three are jfk, washington, and jefferson, but I wonder if they're including inflation in this? Because if you adjust for inflation then I could definitely see washington and jefferson being the most wealthy
 They might be rich, but did any of them drop a pop album like the President of Indonesia? 
 LOL.  That would be something.  Just imagine if that is how we elected a president.  The debates are actually sing-offs!
 haha ya, or who sells the most albums, or like american idol where people have to call in to vote for the best song, or even if the runner up became the vice president like apparently used to happen before 1805, seems like that would breed chaos!
 Haha yes, free bananas for everyone! Kind of crazy that 86% of Nevada land is owned by the us government, maybe president banana would try to create banana fields on this barren land haha
 Might be a good idea!  Then again, we might end up having someone try to sell all the land by impersonating an official like a guy did in France who actually sold the Eiffel Tower twice!
 that is pretty awesome, I know presidents are always out playing golf, bush, obama and now trump, and apparently golf courses in the USA take up more space than delaware and rhode island put together
 Wow!  It also isn't just a US thing.  I hear Dubai has a golf course that uses almost half a billion gallons of water a day!
 That is true, I remember he also picked up baseball, I didn't follow it but as I understand he wasn't very good at that, I wonder how good he was at golf
 I am sure he was ok, but based on how much money he was rumored to have lost betting on the games, I'm guessing he wasn't great.
 Hello. What was the most interesting fact about golf for you? I had no idea Babe Ruth was once the most famous golfer in America.
 what was interesting for me is how much water per day the average american golf course consumes : 312000 gallons
 I agree. That is a very large amount of water, especially the one in Dubai that is over 4,000,000. 
 yah! that is crazy. some people cannot find water to drink 
 Yes presidents nowadays think they can rule countries more than they ever did before. 
 it is interesting president trump is not listed as one of the wealthiest
 I was thinking that as well, maybe it is using outdated references or facts. I was surprised the president's guest house is larger than the white house as well.
 well the president of indonesia had a lot of time on his hands to release 3 pop albums while in office
 you bring a good point there! our president has been in a movie or two and in wrestling. you totally have a point
 that is beyond crazy. the man impersonated a government official and managed to sell it actiually
 Oh you're right! I thought he only attempted. That's very interesting considering most people know how much the French Government loves the Eiffel Tower.
 whoever bought it though? did they bring a tow truck ? lol
 hahaha I could name one or two governments who would fall for that scam
 .
 Hey! I kind of like golf. I like baseball more. Did you know that Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer?
 I'm not sure. Maybe he was just an all around athlete. That's a ton of water, per day?
 Very crazy. Definitely excessive. I like gold courses because they are very lush and green. Did you know that in America, golf courses make up more space than RI and Delaware combined?!
 This is true. Off topic, I just learned that the President's guest house is larger than the White House.
 Have you ever heard of Wikileaks? They're so powerful that the government was planning to destroy them.
 How does that happen! He must be a master of disguise.
 There are a lot of fake animal myths out there!
 Really? I'm sure there are with so many animals. There are over 1.5 million living animal species. 
 Also interesting! There are around 20 Quintillion individual animals on Earth!
 It is! In 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights.
 Not a bad idea. In Scotland, the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species!
 That's pretty cool. I didn't know that ostriches were assumed to be able to digest nails and keys! It's not true
 Hmm. Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.
 Thats so true!
 It's interesting that indians actually found the villain character praising a hindu god empowering.  I would have intuited that they would have found it insulting.
 Yea you would think that right? Did you know Hugh laurie was the highest paid actor in tv history?
 Yea he was one of mine aswell!
 Yea, could you imagine playing in a drama and having to train your face to do so many of those? But all the prettiest girls were always in drama class!
 Yes I loved the SImpsons too.  The SImpsons has run for such a long time!
 Thats awesome, Its been great chatting with you, take care!
 I love the Simpsons. Did you know that in 400 episodes, Homer has held 188 jobs?
 That's funny. Most deals made on the television show Shark Tank are never enacted. 
 Yep. Only one of the Shakespeare plays has not been adapted for film or television.
 I love nature. Did you know there is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court?
 Not sure lol. Did you know there is a jellyfish that is immortal?
 Yep. Pretty cool. Apparently, it's cells always regenerate.
 Oh I can't remember! Haha, you have quite the good memory! And randomly, there's over 750 episodes of pokemon. That's like 50 a year for 16 years straight! My brothers used to watch that all the time.
 I will watch it eventually.
 Hi there! I do too! Thats a lot of animals!
 Definitely. And over 1.5 million living animal species have been described!
 Yeah I think that is pretty cool. The Loch Ness monster is a protected species in Scotland.
 Oh that's fun! Hiccups are a holdover from evolution! Think about that when you hiccup!
 Haha maybe it will make me less annoyed! Apparently it's from when land animals had both gills and lungs!
 that's crazy isn't it! Do you watch tv?
 I just heard that here recently, but I don't know if I saw that episode! Did you?
 Nope I definitely have not because I would have remembered. Can't believe they remade a UK version of "That 70's Show" though.
 Did you hear it bombed? It did not go over well there!
 Yeah. Only lasted 10 episodes lol. Not too good!
 Not at all. And there are 750 episodes of pokemon. my goodness!
 Wow. Enough to watch 50 episodes per year for 16 years straight? Not my cup of tea!
 not mine either! Although I do  love this internet!
 There is so much information to be found just by a click of the hamburger button!
 Haha yes you are right. It can even cause addiction measurable in the brain!
 Wow that is good to know. If you are ever on Mt. Everest there is even internet capabilities!
 Hello, do you like to use drive-thru's of fast food restaurants? McDonald's was the first to add a drive thru in 1975 to accomodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms.
 Oh yeah! I could really use some McDonald's right now! Even with all the controversy surrounding the quality of McDonald's food, it hits the sweet spot for me every time. That is crazy but I think it is considered legal not illegal since carjacking is so prevalent. 
 Oh wow! I didn't know that! But it's a nice color, I really did enjoy that movie, but I wonder how far from the truth the movie stretched in order to make it more entertaining. I bet MySpace investors are regretting their decision to buy Facebook for a mere $75 million.
 Oh ya, that reminds me of time Blockbuster could have bought Netflix but just passed on it. Horrible decisions in retrospect but very interesting to think about.
 Yes and now those companies turned out to be their largest threat. Iceland is so democratic and hip with letting the public make suggestions and alterations to rewriting their constitution, all the more reason I want to go visit Iceland some day.
 ya my friend went there she said it was awesome and people were friendly, it's just pretty expensive, and wow I didn't know starship troopers is required reading in the military, never read the book but I like the movie a lot
 I love audiobooks and especially podcasts. The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones, with a reading speed of 4,700 words per minute. I wonder how much of what she reads is actually retained.
 Ya I have that question too. I can speed read but I don't enjoy the book and barely retain anything so I think speed reading is mostly bs personally haha. It is interesting that there was a moral panic about the spread of reading in the 18th centure, definitely no moral panic now
 haha ya I wonder if in the future they will bring up video games as a moral panic of our time and it will just be accepted in the future
 It could be or whether or not in the future, Facebook's "like" button will become illegal such as that in the German state of SChleswig-holstein.
 I read that and ya I was wondering what replaced it? Or are there just not buttons at all? I personally don't use much FB so maybe I should move to Germany
 Maybe the heart button or something else. I wonder why it is illegal though, what the premise of that is. Haha, yes, or just make sure you get to claim your free Burger King whopper since you can apparently unfriend 10 people for free food.
 What!? But what if it snows, you can't just start your car and go. You'll damage the car that way.
 Ohio sucks for making it illegal to warm up your car. That is one of the silliest things to make illegal. It's like that German state making face book's like button illegal.
 I love animals! There's a lawyer in switzerland who represents animals in court
 Oh thats good to know! There are animals which can theoretically live forever because they are 'biologically immortal' including a type of jellyfish and lobster.  I've seen these on that show Blue Planet! 
 Depends on how you communicate I guess. Animals from geographically distant areas often speak different "languages" or "dialects."
 i do watch tv.  The netherlands is constructing special bridges for wildlife in order to connect habitats and keep animals from being hit by cars.
 I am not sure what you mean.  Did you know Daniel radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of twilight's edward cullen on the simpsons episode treehouse of horror xxi.
 Its ok,  just a fun fact I recently read. Only one of shakespeare's plays has not been adapted for film or television, the two noble kinsmen.
 Yes,  i am using it right now lol Astronauts on the international space station have faster internet than most americas do at home.
 I agree. Speaking of comedy I really enjoy watching the Simpsons. It's crazy that there is only one episode where bart isn't mentioned or featured
 I never knew there were that many episodes of Pokemon, that's like 50 episodes a year for 16 years
 There is a Jazz NBA team? and I also like jazz, Clint Eastwood likes it as well and is a pianist,
 I think there a lot of fines handed out by the NBA that people would categorize as ridiculous. Anthony Davis was recently fined for saying he wants to be traded.
 I've always wanted to go there. Have a great time! Did you know that Tupac Shakur went to the Baltimore School of Arts to study ballet, acting, poetry, and jazz?! I was shocked to learn that. 
 It's almost as fun to learn as Clint Eastwood being an accomplished musician.
 I agree. I would not have guessed they were that active at the same time. Did you know that Dizzy Gillespie ran in the 1964 presidential race?!
 Me too! He filled his cabinet with all of the biggest names in jazz. What a strange thing that had to be to witness. 
 If anything that might have been one of the most talented cabinets ever assembled.
 What?? That is crazy....Maybe that is where they are working on albums like the president of Indonesia!
 LeBron and Jay-Z are friends. I heard that before. It's interesting that he is tied with Kanye for the most grammys.
 I guess that's fair based on their population. Did you know that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire U.S. nuclear ICBM deterrent?
 did you know that the united states got thrid place in the world cup back in 1930
 Same! Soccer is definitely interesting though, it actually makes more money than all the other major sports combined.
 ya that is crazy, I want to see a soccer game with 3 teams, that sounds crazy and it actually exists!
 Wow, how does that even work? Soccer is fascinating. Jon Stewart was actually once good enough of a player to represent the U.S!
 I wonder the benefits of soccer sometimes though, in FIFA the countries that host don't even make money!
 I have heard that before, the world cup in 2022 will be in qatar, and apparently that city doesnt even exist yet!
 Maybe dominance is easier for the best soccer teams, and I believe they only lost in the final game too right?
 That's insane! Hard to think that'll ever be beaten. Another football accomplishment is that running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis has somehow never had a fumble!
 ya I would make sure to give the ball to that guy all the time, it's crazy that espn got an emmy for developing the yellow line in football, i'm staring at that line right now haha
 Ahah, it must have been considered especially innovative. Speaking of colors, University of Iowa is known for the visitors' locker room being painted completely pink.
 Oh I'm sure people do, no way it's effective. Maybe if Cumberland visited a pink locker room they wouldn't have lost by 222!
 Snoop dog wrote a song for a soccer team ? I did not know that. Do you know the name of it. I know here in America we have a big musical show during halftime with very popular artist such as michael jackson or whitney houston. its exciting. And this may be off topic but the highest score ever in a football game was when georgia won 222-0 
 Yes there have been some crazy games in history.  Did you know there is a high school football stadium which seats 18,000???
 No i did not know that, but that is an impressive fact. i know that football here where i live is super popular so i cant believe when i read that in the 60s some of the best bowlers actually made more than the top football stars. and football stars sure do make a whole lot of money.
 Is that really true? I thought we were terrible in soccer
 I am shoced to hear it is the worlds most popular sport, i thought it might be cricked
 I don't actually but I don't like many sports. Yeah, I guess we are the only weird country. Soccer makes more money than most all other major sports combined
 I never knew that soccer had a variation where 3 teams play at once!
 That just sounds confusing!!
 I'm surprised that there aren't any economic gains for the country who hosts the olympics or world cup because there is a huge gain for whoever hosts the superbowl!
 Wow, amazing! And some countries even seem to build around the world cup. Like the Qatar 2022 fifa, the city where it is supposed to be doesn't even exist yet.
 That's crazy! It's also amazing that the World Cup has happened every 4 years except 42 and 46 during the 2nd World War!  Pretty consistent!
 Yeah, the US did well in the first world cup. They got third place.
 Yeah, more people should watch women's soccer apparently!
 I watch during the world cup, but that's about it! I do love football though and am surprised the yellow line could win an emmy LOL!
 I rarely watch football, but I am interested to know what happened in the Cumberland game where they lost by 222 points! Too bad there is no footage since it was so long ago.
 Me too! I'm curious as to how popular bowling was in the 60s since the top bowlers made double the top football stars. That's something I never expected to hear!
 I know
 That is really cool. Speaking of awesome sports players, I heard that BEnjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.
 That's an awesome feat, but still not enough to make him enough money since soccer makes more than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined lol
 He was also a soccer player and represented the US in the Pan American Maccabi Games in Brazil in 83. Great talking with you!
 It seems so, definitely an outdaded concept. I thought the highest score ever being 222-0 was crazy, it doesn't even seem possible to score that much!
 Yeah, so crazy!! I don't really follow soccer but i think that i should start considering it has 250 million players in so many countries and is the world;s most popular sport! may be time to get into it!
 Absolutely! I wasalso surprised that Jon Stewart was such a skilled soccer player!
 i know! I also love watching them give back. Seeing a soccer player give his world cup bonus for surgery for 23 kids is amazing. Most athletes keep it to buy luxurious things.
 Apparently! That's certainly a shame. Although it's interesting the Women's team is so dominant on the other hand!
 I know and it makes me very happy as a woman :-). PLacing in top 3 since 1991 is crazy impressive.
 It should, it's an incredible sustained feat! It's surprising that the hosts of the olympics and world cup still do not benefit economically though
 I'm surprised to read that MLS cannot find a suitable venue for DC United to play its home opener at.  Given how much money soccer makes world wide, you would think they have a good arena for them.
 Exactly, helps to have the psychological edge!  Can you imagine how messed up the bets in the Super Bowl would be if that game was scored 222-0?  I thought that was a typo when I read that.
 I agree, that was in the 1960s, I wonder if that is true today.  You don't see bowling as much as football or soccer.  I would think the soccer players make more nowadays.
 Yes, and for a yellow line of all things, who would have thought that would win an award!  I think it is more impressive that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled a football in his entire NFL career.  That is incredible.
 I would have thought there was more than one, I really enjoy trivia and stuff like that is interesting to me.  I wonder if left handed QB in the NFL have an advantage or disadvantage with being left handed.  I know in baseball hitting left handed is an advantage as you start off closer when running to first base.
 Yes, that would not be good when trying to catch!  I wonder when they are going to name the host city for the 2022 FIFA cup?  It has to take some time to prepare for the games, I would think.  Don't want to leave that until too late!
 Oh yeah? thats nuts! I was just watching a show about how they are building this "new piece of land" in the ocean. We are running out of room that bad? Crazy!
 What! I have no idea what the appeal is then! The American team has never placed below third in the world cup, I think that's pretty interesting!
 I'd actually tune in to see that game! So, Jon Stewert was a skilled soccer player and played in brazil in 1983, representing for the US! Cool
 Brazilians love their soccer. I'm impressed that German player Mesut Ozil donated his  world cup victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil.
 It's crazy to think how connected our world is. Over the past decade, Facebook has exploded into one of the most popular sites on the internet
 Yeah, it's even leaking into the government - positively I may add. Iceland is using it to give their citizens a new say in rewriting their constitution.
 Yeah, we've come a long way in the last 100 or so years. I mean, an iPhone has more computing power than the US government's nuclear deterrent.
 That seems like a "Zuckerberg" thing to do. And on top of that, the like button is illegal in a German state. Now that's pretty 'awesome'.
 It is crazy we do not hear about the other founders like 
 Really? That's crazy. That both says a lot about Facebook's reputation and about how fast our population is growing.
 Good advice....take care!
 Thanks!
 That is true!  The US got 3rd place in the first world cup but have not done that good since!
 He does not seem the type but he was really good in college!
 Yes well it is definitely different than American football!  We definitely score more - one team won 222-0!
 Again, I do not know much but I always enjoy it when I see it. It is amazing to think there are 250 million players in over 200 countries.
 I would believe it. I was shocked to find that Jon Stewart was a star soccer player in college and represented the US at the Pan American Maccabi games.
 That sounds hard to follow. I will stick with watching the World Cup. Although the city set to host the 2022 cup does not yet exist.
 Yeah, I heard that the city where Qatar will host the world cup doesn't even exist yet.
 That is hard to believe they are building an entire city!
 I don't really watch American football because it's hard for me to follow. The yellow line helps out a bit. ESPN got an emmy for creating that.
 It's amazing how much football fandom has evolved . In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 Yeah, I know. But football player talent seems to have evolved since then. Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his entire NFL career.
 I did too! Although I think football can be very slow paced, scoring wise. The highest score ever was somehow 222-0 though.
 that is crazy! ya I can't believe that, Cumberland must have been so disappointed!
 ya that is a key part of football on TV, did you hear how that Iowa team painted their visiting teams locker room pink? that would make me mad haha
 that is nice of him, have you ever watched the daily show? I guess Jon Stewart was a professional soccer player in the 80s
 ya I don't know, but I guess americans call it soccer because that is a slang term for association football, I think it should be called football that does make more sense haha
 haha well I have never watched one and probably never will haha, but I guess the city for 2022 doesn't exist yet
 I wonder why they'd do that. Then again, I wonder why they'd host in the first place, there's no real economic gains for countries that host the World Cup.
 no thats what I've heard, whats crazy is how good hungary's soccer team was in the fifties, they only had 1 defeat in about 6 years
 That's incredible, it's like the US women's team dominance, they've never placed below third since 1991/
 No, that's pretty cool the US actually did good in the first World Cup
 The city in Qatar where it's scheduled to take place doesn't yet exist. I guess they plan on building it before 2022
 ya that is cool! poor qatar though, I guess there are no economic gains for hosting the olympics or world cup apparently
 It probably cost more to update infrastructure than you make in profit from all the people in the city. That's not surprising. I wonder where the first World Cup was held in 1930. The US got third in that one as well
 ya I agree with you there, hungry sounds like an awesome team though, only with one defeat in a 6 year period back in the 50's
 And that one defeat was in the Word Cup finals. That's impressive!
 that is impressive! also, can you believe that soccer makes more than any other sport in the world, even when theyre all combined?!
 ah well Jon Stewart was the host, and ya he used to play for the US soccer team apparently
 ya I want to see that too, Mesut Ozil sounds like a nice guy, he gave his world cup bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 Brazilian kids
 I recently learned that soccer makes more money than football baseball golf tennis and hockey combined!  crazy right?
 that is crazy, how about iowa's visiting room locker painted pink?
 lol must be some kind of tactic 
 yes, and in 1916 georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0 hows that for a game?
 That is quite a score. 
 how about fans always thinking their team will win?
 That is common I guess, you want your team to win.  I learned Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football 
 yeah, and a variation where 3 teams face each other, that would be fun to watch
 Benjarvus Green Ellis never fumbled a football in his career!  Why isnt this guy more popular that is amazing. 
 yeah, i never heard of him
 what about it?
 No, I don't play any sports. What about you? The American women's soccer team is good. They have never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991.
 Interesting. I'm not too into American football but it's amazing how much the technology has advanced. The superimposed yellow line helps me a little bit to follow the game.
 Football sure has progressed a lot, including player's salaries. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 Speaking of football players with skills, Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 Nice! At least you did not have a bad football team like Cumberland did in 1916. Georgia Tech beat them 222-0.
 How sad. When did the US last host the World Cup? I guess we are the only ones who call it soccer because it was slang for association football. 
 That would be cool. Maybe it would get Americans more into soccer. Soccer makes more money than all other major sports combined.
 completely different. Did you know it was called Soccer here because its apparently slang?
 yea the score is always low. Unlike Football where there was actually a final score of 222-0 once!
 i bet youve heard of Jon Stewart though, who was actually very good at soccer back in his day
 Did you know that FB's "like" button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein?
 That was a pretty big mistake but I know the founder of MySpace did end up selling the site for a lot of money, so he can't be too upset!
 I'm thinking that could be a possibility.  That's the first thing that popped into my head.
 Oh my!  That would be terrible.  Do you remember that show Arrested Development?
 I'd rather Turn On, Tune In, & Drop Out!
 I am surprised he has not come out to apologize or reaffirm his view of those he coaches.
 No I don't like to watch that I think it's really boring, in fact it is shocking to me that it makes more money than all other sports in the world combined
 I know you would think that it would be a moneymaker actually. It's also interesting that there is a variation of soccer where three teams play at once, I wonder how that works have you ever heard of that
 Yep I agree with you. I won't be watching that either, I might watch if the USA men's team is in the finals though, it is crazy that the USA Women's team has never come in less than 3rd place since 1991, they are really good
 Nope you're right about that. I wish that our team was as good as hungry was back in the 50s, they actually had only one defeat between 1950 and 1956
 Guess I agree with you. what I do like about the United States is that in the first FIFA World Cup they placed third, that was back in 1930 though
 A little bit, how bout yourself?
 I hadn't thought of that! I thought maybe to intimidate the other team?
 Wow! I think Bowling used to be huge. Could you imagine watching that for 3 hours! lol!
 That would have been a game to see! Espn won an emmy for superimposing the yellow line on TV. Isn't that crazy?
 I did know that! It's very confusing though. I think I watched a FIFA world cup game once and found that out.
 I had no idea! in 1930 the Us made third place in FIFA.
 I didn't know that! Where do you think the next FIFA world cup will be held?
 What? How can that be?
 Yes of course! Did you watch the Superbowl this past weekend? There are varying degrees of the word 'football', like in Australia, I think it's called rugby.
 Despite the controversy, I enjoyed the halftime show as well. I'm not sure how much rugby players make, but it seems like the players make more from endorsements rather than from their salary for being on the team
 Oh wow, probably because it is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries, seems like a slightly less dangerous sport than football
 They are a really great team, I like watching them play too, they have been in the superbowl numerous times though, it's almost 'expected'. You can win awards for that? I didn't know that!
 Are you kidding me? I love soccer, its the greatest sport ever lol, its played in over 200 countries and the World Cup is really exciting
 Yeah I get it. It's also makes more money than every other sport put together LOL. I just think it's so boring to watch, and the scores are so low. Did you know there is a soccer variation where three teams play, maybe that's the one for me LOL
 Ok that makes sense. Are you going to watch the one in 2022 in Qatar? Apparently the city for that game hasn't even been created yet, I wonder why they even offered to host these big games like the Olympics too, apparently there is no net benefit to the city, they end up just losing money which is sad
 I understand there is a version of the game where three teams compete instead of two, That would be very confusing to watch, and probably play.
 Yeah. Do you remember the website Neopets?
 Were you on Facebook when it was first starting?
 Yes. And in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 Great way to put it. Jon Stewart, the tv host, was a skilled soccer player at one time!
 Yeah I bet. The current champion is France,
 Yea, it's pretty weird that the host city of the world cup doesn't experience economic gains considering how popular soccer is
 It must be popular. There are 250 million people play it.
 It is so popular that it actually makes more than hockey, football, baseball, and basketball combined
 I think it is interesting that there is a version of soccer that 3 teams play each other
 That is a surprise. Must be huge. The white house is the official workplace and residence of the president.
 yes, and jefferson and JFK were also part of the top 3, I wonder why Trump isn't in that list?
 haha ya can you imagine VP Clinton and President Trump, there would be so much drama, I'm glad they changed that law haha
 Right!. The president of Indonesia must be cool. He's got 3 pop albums
 lol good point, is that his real name? Did you know that there are twin buildings to the white house in both Ireland and France too?
 Probably not. I never knew that. George Bush must have wanted to save money. He put solar panels on the white house
 haha that is interesting, also weird that the white house uses floppy drives still, I wonder why 
 Maybe because they know no one else does anymore. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the white house. What a grinch
 Lol yes I do. Apple being clothing line is funny.  There's a store in Alabama that sales unclaimed baggage at airport
 interseting, also interesting that you can tell if clothes have been tailored or not by if there are gaps in the collar or not
 no that is scary! its amazing that the first president to live in the white house wasa John Adams and that was in the year 1800
 I'm really just getting into it! I think a lot of things about presidents in general are fascinating. For example, did you know Trump isn't even one of the three wealthiest US presidents ever?
 I saw that 2 of the wealthiest are our first and second presidents. I assume they have calculated what they would be worth in today's terms.
 Right! I'm assuming maybe that was an affectionate nick name though if not, I bet they didn't call  him banana to his face. 
 Is the guest house really bigger? That's surprising. Ivanka Trump probably uses it, then again, I heard her company is shutting down so maybe she wouldn't need it any longer.
 Ha. Did you see that the White House has a twin matching building in France and Ireland? I didn't know that.
 Probably Teddy. You mentioned Ivanka's clothing line before. I thought it was pretty funny that Apple tried their hand at a clothing line back in 1986. I bet those clothes would be collector items now, if you could get your hands on some!
 I did. Pretty amazing. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents is JFK, Jefferson, and Washington.
 lol yea he is very rich! The first president of Zimbabwe was nicknamed president banana.
 Really Banana? is that a real fact? thats funny lol
 It's a real fact. Until 1805, the runner up for US president was automatically appointed vice president. 
 That would be crazy to have them working together like that. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I agree. Did you know the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France/
 That's a good idea. The white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files.
 Not really sure other than maybe they are super secure.
 That's interesting. I also saw that it took the secret service 4 days to realize bullets had struck the white house in 2011.
 I bet someone lost their job that day lol, 4 days thats a long time they are supposed to be an elite unite
 I bet so too lol. I bet Roosevelt was a conservationist too and didn't want trees to be cut down for Christmas.
 Haha did you know many immigrants to the us came is search of greener pastures
 Heh, yeah. Jos Roozen was a Dutch immigrant and he literaly wanted to bring people greener gardens.
 He established a nursery and landscape business in Maryland in 1975 to address that!
 Probably. Did you know seahorses are the only fish to have a neck?
 That makes so much sense! Who knew?
 Crazy! And 84% of genes known to be linked with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish!
 Agreed! Funny how Canada requires at least 40% of its radio music played in Canadian!
 that is too bad, did you know there is a breed of jellyfish that is genetically immortal and could potentially live forever?
 I didnt know that, it would be interesting to run some experiments and see if it can be applied to humans, the seahorse is the only fish with a neck
 yes that would be interesting, I wouldn't mind living forever haha, I wonder what qualifies as a neck haha
 ya that sounds like it would be really useful, did you know that a phone today has more computing power than all of the icbm deterrents for nuclear missiles in the USA?
 Do we really have so much power in our pockets? that is crazy, its amazing how tech works though.
 that is crazy, and did you know that there is a cable that moves internet and phone data across the Atlantic ocean? It's only about 3 inches across, crazy!
 did you know that the area code of new york was chosen because it was the fastest number to dial by rotary phone? It's 212 haha
 I didn't know that!  What ones?
 WOW! I wonder how that is even possible? 
 Its crazy how simple it is to make a radio. During ww2 soldiers were able to make them using pencils and razorblades
 Seahorses, Im surprised they are the only fish with necks
 Did you know only saltwater fish drink water?
 Yeah we share 84% of our genes pretty crazy
 It surprised me that thats his actual name! Not a nickname like president orange
 Lincoln was the first guy to be photographed at his inauguration. John wilkes booth was in the photo. Talk about foreshadowing
 Thats is scary, taking a photo next to your killer, I bet Abe didnt saw that coming
 Did you know the first number the white house used was 1?
 With inflation, it is very possible they are worth more than President Trump
 Good point! I wonder how hard it is to update the White House now that is has a steel frame. More importantly, I wonder how the WiFi is there.
 Now I am picturing trump growing a beard.
 Nope. Can't imagine it. And I have a pretty good imagination. Although, I see Junior is now sporting a beard. 
 Yea he can be controversial for sure. I still prefer him over Hillary Clinton. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Really? Trump is not on that list? that seems odd, he is really rich
 I'm thinking to list is outdated because I think he will show up on the list eventually. 
 LOL - that's hilarious! I can't imagine one of our presidents being a pop start too. 
 HAHA that would be awesome! Up until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election was given the Vice President position? 
 That would be hilarious to watch! Did you know the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France? 
 I'm thinking they are the same size. Did you know the white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files?
 That's a good idea to put solar panels on the white house. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house because he was such a conservationist. 
 Haha I agree! There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or democrat since 1853.
 Really that long? every president with a beard has been a republican, thats a really interesting fact
 I tell you, it's gotten to the point, I have to watch CNN and Fox news, just to try and decide for myself, which ones are lying.  Lol
 That's so true! You know the use of the colors, red and blue to symbolize the different parties, didn't come about until 2000.  And I think that's when it started getting very partisan, then.
 You're probably on to something with that theory.  You know there hasn't been a US president that was neither a Republican or Democrat since 1853?
 Wow. I know it is hard to get elected outside of the two parties but since 1853... long time!
 Yes, it is.  What's more surprising, is that I read in the newspaper last week that the last time a Republican got elected to the US presidency and there wasn't a person named Nixon or Bush on the ballot was 1928?
 Do you first remember when Trump started calling out Fake news?  There was nobody that really knew what he was talking about.  I heard, he's making that up!  Now, everyone knows what's going on.  Media can say whatever, with anonymous sources and get millions of people to believe their truth.  It's propaganda, pure and simple.  You have to stay on top of things and evaluate everybody's angles.  Everyone is not right and everyone is not wrong.  There's always a little something  going on.
 No, they spew continuous hatred, towards Trump, at all times.  24 hours 7 days a week, nothing but hate.  I'm old enough to remember Walter Kronkite just reading the news, no biased opinions voiced!
 I heard that there are similar buildings overseas.
 Given his reputation, it is kind of Ironic that Teddy roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned christmas trees from the white house
 I heard that the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana.    Funny, but a little disrespectful!
 Someone could make a comment about carrots and the fellow from the GOP, but that would be untoward.
 Well, there hasn't been a president outside the parties since 1853, so there is plenty of room for jokes!    Thanks for the chat!
 I know , I'm surprised Trump wasn't listed I know they owned alot of land back then.
 lol, so silly. Hes far to busy and smart for that! lol
 I suppose.  I can't see him singing anyway.  I'm an (I) but it's interesting that there hasn't been a U.S. president that wasn't a (D) or (R) since 1853.  I think parties divide the nation too much.
 Yep. I can't believe the red/blue colors for the parties only goes back to 2000. 
 I know, I always saw red and blue before that?
 Me too.  I also can't believe that the White House still uses floppy disks.  A guess they are easier to burn.  Are they still using Apple IIs?
 1853! That's almost 170 years ago!
 It is very sad and I see why the New York Daily News has headlines "Callous. Soulless. Craven.  Trump."
 I didnt even know they still made floppy disks.  I mean that cant be at all efficient.
 It sounds like Truman wouldn't grow a beard, because every US president with a beard has been a Republican!
 I know, what about the other parties, they are leaving them behind, the first senator to be arrested because of civil disobedience was Lowell Weicker Jr. 
 Yea a lot has changed since the country was started, up until 1805 the runner up for president automatically became vice president
 Beards are masculine, lol. It's surprising that Republicans have lost the popular vote in six out of the past seven elections
 I did not know that. Very interesting. There hasn't been a president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853.
 That's in interesting fact. I bet Trump will be on that list as well. He's very wealthy.
 LOL wow. That's funny. Can you imagine Trump being a pop star?
 He has done TV but not by singing.  Crazy that up until 1805, 2nd place in a presidential election got VP. I can't see Hillary and Trump working together.
 That is crazy. That would be a nightmare to have them both working together. No way it would work out.
 Yep. That would be cool to find it. I've been to Iraq twice during the war. Was in the Marine Corps. 
 Thank you! I wonder why they didn't either. Apple only became known as an apple because the word malus means both apple and evil.
 Interesting. Did you first president of Zimbabwe was named president Banana?
 That's funny. The presidents guest house is actually bigger than the white house.
 They must have a lot of guest.  Funny, Thomas Jefferson created his own Bible by cutting out parts he didn't like.
 HAHA - I don't think it's supposed to work that way!
 haha yes I am! I don't have cable I only do youtube, I guess there is about 400 hours of content uploaded every minute
 ya I'll never be able to see it all, funny that netflix and youtube make up half of internet traffic though
 haha well I liked it too! I can't believe it is the most disliked video, that doesn't seem fair
 haha mine too! Hugh Laurie made 700k per episode of house so he probably doesn't need to watch free dramas haha
 ya that is pretty nuts! I like Michael Caine, its funny he became an actor to chase girls!
 haha ya that could be the definition of insane! I'd rather listen to Jupiters radio storms on the AM radio!
 I have heard about it and listened to Radiolab podcast about it. There were actually like three others. One in Latin America so infuriated the people, they burned the radio station down when they were told it was a hoax.
 That's cool. It is the second largest search engine in the world.
 yeah a lot has been going on for sure. did you know congressmen have their own subway lines?
 and the congressmen get their own three subway lines to move beweeen the capitol and the house and senate offices
 It is a dessert so I am not sure that they do with that land really
 yeah considering their is so much urbanization happening now. good for the
 The Canadians are very nationalistic, I guess.
 haha, thats crazy and also that Jupiter has radio storms that you can pick up on your am radio, probably just static but to get that signal all the way here is wild
 Are you a Linkin Park fan?  They are great. They played 324 concerts in 2001. I still cant believe it.
 so sad  that most of the singer end up committing suicide. on the other hand I heard that Pink Floyd recorded a live concer in Rome with no audience. 
 Woah that's odd, how did a piano get there lol and who took the trouble to get it all the way to the top. People are crazy. 
 Good to know. Did you know about the president that released 3 pop albums. I don't remember  what country is he from, but still so different.
 The whole thing has been spiraling out of control for many years. The inflation is crazy!
 It is crazy, other countries have weird governments lol, you know there is a president that released 3 pop albums while in office
 You have a point there. Maybe we should call up the president of Zimbabwe to help! I heard their first president went by the title of President Banana haha.
 I know right. The first woman elected to congress didnt have the right to vote at a national election at first. 
 I thought it was interesting that the government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years.And 3 times in 1977. I thought it was a recent thing.
 Huh, I did not know that. Did you know that Facebook did psych experiments in 2010 that affected the 'real world behavior' of voting Americans during the 2010 congressional elections?
 Speaking of France, an interesting fact involves a man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice by impersonating a government official.
 The Clampets sound like they were richer than the President, although the President's guest house is bigger than the White House.
 No kidding? I can imagine the epic battles LOL.
 It's actual members of Congress on the teams, like a factory league?
 Yeah, and they were paid to hold land out of production.
 it definitely is, we need some young people in there that understand what people today actually need from their government. theyve been playing baseball games against each other since 1909 and it seems like a lot of the members today may have been in that first game...
 Obama I think was good too. He was decently young and decently in touch with things. JFK was definitely a good age though. People just dont take young people seriously
 I'm surprised that he isn't on the list of the wealthiest US presidents. 
 You know what's crazy is the first female was elected to congress before women could legally vote
 That's crazy, but not as crazy as the President of Indonesia releasing multiple pop albums
 No I didn't know that. That is very impressive! The Ramones played like 2200 shows in about 20 years. That's also impressive!
 That's really weird. I hope that they recorded it so I can see it haha. Did you know that there was a Creed concert so bad that they got sued?
 That's pretty cool. I would like to play that actually haha. Do you like Queen? Freddie Mercury used the piano that Paul McCartney had previously used to record Hey Jude
 That's crazy! I also didn't know that there's a song that is used to stress test pianos. It's called the circus galop
 Haha that's a good question. Another good question is why is the guest house bigger than the White House itself. That seems so stupid
 LOL that would be a disaster today! Also a disaster would be if the president released three pop albums like the president of Indonesia did LOL
 Haha that's true. I am shocked he was not one of the top three most wealthy presidents. you would think that he was
 Yep that's probably true. president banana is such a weird name. I wonder if he will make a pop album haha maybe he can hang out with Trump and do that LOL
 i would have assumed so, but i dont know! maybe hes wealthy but all of his money is in his company or something like that?
 I would love it if Trump released one, it would be so funny. Did you hear what the first president of Zimbabwe was named?
 haha imagine? that would make him the most famous president maybe!
 I wonder how much he was going to sell it for....and if got any of the money!
 It's definitely different now. It seems more capitalistic now, only putting the same certain people on the front page. It used to be a dating site when it began.
 It could be gangnam style. That was so popular they had to switch to 64 bits...
 I had no idea it was that many. I do not think I have seen the show though. I just know about it...
 I use Spotify a lot, but I sometimes listen to it. The most popular radio act in the 1930s was a ventriloquist. I wonder how that worked.
 That's funny. Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy them?
 That is a fun fact, another fun fact is that Elmo is the only non human to testify in congress.
 I am about average in my interest in politics. Although, I do find it interesting that we have not had a President since 1853 that wasn't Republican or Democrat.
 I didn't know that! A lot of things have remained stagnant in politics, the last time we had a Republican without a Nixon or Bush was 1928.
 Wow and I just learned that every US President with a beard has been a Republican. Fascinating.
 I don't blame him. People would definitely look too far into it. Kind of like how the color of the tie you wear matters but the colors "red" and "blue" for the parties only started in 2000.
 That's surprising! I thought that was a thing from day one, as old as the Bible even.
 I would not be surprised , did you now there is blutube, is a Youtube but from the police
 Pretty much I watch all kinds of videos about famous videos, remember Psy gangnam style?
 Probably not. did you know the video with the most dislikes is baby, from Justin Bieber
 Hi, I do when I have the chance yes! I like piano jazz. There was one on the Airship Hindenburg that was made of aluminum and only weighed 356 pounds!
 Wow, wonder who put it there!
 Well I guess we can be happy that our president is not releasing pop albums while in office like the president of indonesia does.Haha
 Wow! I bet the Ramones had much better concerts since they played a total of 2253 concerts over 20 years.
 I'm not too into concerts though I think I'd love to see one at an ancient roman ampitheater. There is still one in use in Croatia.
 Wow, wish I could have been a fly on the wall!
 Nope!  LOL  Did you see the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana?
 I really don't know honestly... and apparently the president of Indonesia has 3 pop albums.
 Well of course... gotta make them feel good so they donate more money to their campaigns!
 Yeah... them too!  LOL  I wonder if Trump is up in the top wealthiest presidents with Washington, Jefferson and Kennedy?
 That's a lot of land!  WOW... did you see in 2008, the norwegian government donated a billion dollars to help save the rain forest?
 Hello, do you watch any Youtube?  Youtube has been in business since 2005 and Google bought Youtube in 2006 for US$1.65 billion. Wow.
 Who's it's owner?
 I have no idea.  I did learn that the White House's guest house is larger than the WH.
 It is? wow, they must have a lot of visitors then. 
 Must be Las Vegas... Did you know Elmo is the only non-human to testify to the US congress? 
 Yep. I didn't know the Rep's and Dem's played a baseball game every year since 1909.  
 I've heard that the top three wealthiest presidents are JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I think that has to account for inflation though.
 I would feel rich staying in the guest house of the president! The guest house is larger than the White House.
 Yeah, I heard he released 3 pop albums while in office.Hopefully that wasn't on the taxpayer's dime!
 I wonder too. I think at least a few years ago the runner up became vice president in Indonesia. We used to have that system too, until 1805. 
 I have never listened to them. I do know that they toured almost nonstop for 20 years
 That is a lot! They must have had good concers! Creed, however, was sued for having a really bad concert.
 Sounds pretty cool. In Croatia there is an ancient Roman amitheater that's still used as a concert venue.
 I heard it was JFK, Jefferson, and Washington. I wonder if Trump will be on that list?
 I think so too. Did you know Wikileaks published the government's plan to destroy Wikileaks?
 Did you know the government owns 86% of the land in Nevada?
 They do a bunch with secret bases too I heard. 
 I think so too. A man in France once impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice.
 No idea lol. In 2006, the US government passed legislation that would protect government employees from violating the Geneva Conventions.
 Very funny! I saw they have 3 subway lines that are for Congress members only.
 I am good, you? Lets talk about congress, there has been only 1 non human to testify in front of congress and that is Elmo
 I dont know, the first women was elected to congress in 1916
 Yeah, I heard that happened even before she had the right to vote in a national election.
 just like fantasy football, there is a fantasy congress also
 There is also a baseball game that both sides play each year, so far the republicans are leading by 3 wins
 i have not, the government owns a lot of land in Nevada, 86% of it. 
 The Norwegian government cares about the amazon rain forest, donating 1bn in 2008
 there is a law that passed in 2006 that protects governments employees who violate the Geneva convention. 
 no, lets talk about the president next. I wonder how much time the president spends in the guest house, its bigger then the white house
 doing well, did you know that elmo is the only non-human to testify before congress? 
 Seriously? No, I did not know that. That is odd. I guess there are three subway lines exclusively for congressmen to move between the Capitol and the House and Senate offices.
 Yeah easy commute for them huh? 
 yeah, who plays fantasy congress? staffers? sounds pretty boring.
 that would suggest there are legislative successes. Ok, moving on, did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?
 No, I have not heard that. I wonder if his people were forced to listen. That would be funny! 
  Did you know the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?
 Yeah that's wild about the first Zimbabwe Presidents name. Wonder if that was really his/her name
 I looked it up, it's true. I think I would consider changing my name. Who would take you serious with a name like that?
 yeah, that's a big guest house! Did you know that a man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower.....twice!
 wonder if he sold it to the same person twice? Top 3 wealthiest US presidents are JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Not surprised JFK made the top 3
 yeah no idea what he testified about, will google that later. Interesting, the term congress came from a parley during battle in the late middle ages
 That does sound very interesting!  Radio used to be such a huge part of our lives prior to YouTube.  Soldiers used to make radios in WW2 with razorblades and pencils!
 That is an interesting problem they have going on.  I did not know until recently, a deaf QB is the reason the huddle was created!
 That is so odd!  How do you not accidentally eat one!?  I think it is funny he only makes half the salary of his wife!
 Tom Brady had never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season prior to 2007. that year he threw a record 50!
 Yes, I did!  Nice of the NFL to do that.  I do not think there are any deaf QBs in the league right now.  Surprising though there is only 1 left handed QB in the league.
 Yeah they are playing this year so Im really exited, and I didnt know that, thats crazy since I think his the top earner in the leage.
 Maybe the coach is saving him for an important game, its crazy how the Patriots with Brady have either won or lost by 3 or 4 points in all six games.
 Thats crazy! is he like afraid of them? seems unreal fo someone who has been on almost every Superbowl since 2002
 But how can he hate them if he hasnt tried them lol, did you know Brady has an NFL rule named after him.
 Hello lets talk about quarterbacks, there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL and it is Kellan moore
 Halo 3 is a popular game, and Baker mayfield claims he can beat anyone at the university of Oklahoma
 Lets talk about Tom Brady next, His wife Gisele make more then double what he makes 
 I love strawberries, but Tome Brady has not eaten one in his entire life, I wonder why. 
 He also throws a lot of touchdown passes, in 2007 he threw 50 which he had never done before. 
 Even though Bill belichick puts Brady on the injury report every week , Tom shows no sign of injuries. 
 Lets talk about Radio next, there is a law in Canada that requires all radios to play at least 40% Canadian. 
 You can make a simple radio using razorblades and pencils like they did in WWII
 A long time, there is even a website that people can go to and listen to classic episodes of radio dramas. 
 There are storms so strong on Jupiter that they can be heard by an AM radio
 I dont know the exact salary, but yeah, I bet it is a crazy amount of money, speacially with his new Space Jam sequel deal.
 He does give a lot to charity though. He raised 6 million with "the decision".
 Yes they paid him 90 million dollars.
 Crazy to think he is the all time NBA playoff scoring leader, even more points than Jordan.
 LeBron is magic too though. I think he is the greatest of all time.
 I am from Chicago so I am a bulls fan. I would like that shoe contract money! LeBron has a lifetime deal with Nike worth over $1B.
 Is there really? I'd like to see that one. Did you also know Daniel Radcliffe voiced the Edward Cullen parody in the Simpson's episode Treehouse of Horror XXI?
 Great chatting with you as well! I'm off to read Two Noble Kinsmen! Speaking of which, it's the only Shakespeare play that has yet to be adapted for tv or film, surprisingly enough! Have a great day!
 haha that sounds horrible! I think it's crazy that if earth's history were 24 hours, humans would only take up about a 1minute of that entire history
 ya I'm more of a movie guy myself, but I was shocked that Hugh Laurie was making 700k per episode for the show House
 haha good question, did you know that the drive through was invented in 1975, you'd think it would have happened earlier
 that's a good question I bet it did, very interesting that it was Mcdonalds that did it to accomodate soldiers who could not get out of their cars
 When LeBron played basketball in high school his games would attract over 1750 attendees and they would charge tickets between 100-120 dollars.
 He certainly is very rich. He turned down a $10 million dollar offer from Reebok when 18. When asked why he said he though Nike or Adidas would offer more. Sure enough less than a year later he signed a $90 million deal with Nike.
 I find it very interesting that the celebrity that makes the most money after LeBron James is Judge Judy.
 That is really nice. I hope NBA player Allen Iverson donated some of his money. He signed a contract that would pay him $800,000 a year until he is 55 and then receives a final lump sum of 32 million.
 Did you know the Air Jordan's were banned but Jordan wore them anyway as Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
 Did you know that physicists proved that shooting "granny style" is the best technique to score points?
 Flame throwers, what? Why on earth is that legal?!
 Wow, carjackings must be really prevalent there. That sounds so dangerous, I'm glad it's illegal in the US!
 That makes some sense, I'm sure his hand-eye coordination was amazing! If only it were that easy for other sports... 
 I know a few years ago the United Nations delegated someone to be the Official Ambassador to Extraterrestrials, imagine having THAT title!
 I think it's interesting that in basketball, the teams will try to neutralize one best player, which is sometimes LeBron James, the Boston Celtics are actually researching it right now
 If they do, 29 in the United States and only one in Canada, the one in Canada is the Toronto Raptors I believe
 That was interesting that there was one team in Canada.  I thought that all were within the US.
 Yep just one team in Canada, what do you think about shooting granny style by the way? Apparently scientists say it's the best and most consistent way to shoot a basketball
 But if I were paid $800,000 a year like Allen Iverson, I would shoot however is the best way LOL even if it looks stupid
 Yeah that's interesting, he definitely lost money by doing that, interesting too that originally Air Jordans were banned by the NBA
 Yeah it's shocking that they were fining Michael Jordan, and so Michael Jordan asks Nike and Nike just paid the fine so he could keep wearing the shoes LOL
 Yes it is a sequel. The original actor was Michael Jordan, I bet he will have a cameo in it though
 Yeah he seems like a nice guy. He also rejected an offer from Reebok for 10 million dollars, only to one year later accept an offer from Nike for 90 million, he's apparently a business genius
 oh what show?  I do watch shark tank sometimes, its silly that most of the deals on that show are fake
 oh wow ill  have to see that one, did you know homer held like 200 jobs in teh first 400 episodes?
 ah I didnt hear about that, do you like Shakespeare? I guess only one of his plays has not been adapted to the screen
 ya I watch some NBA games, silly that 2 years after retirement, 80% of NBA players go bankrupt or have severe financial stresss, isn't that bad?
 ya that is shocking, I guess there is only 1 team in Canada, I wonder why there aren't more?
 Yep that is a real talent! Must run in the family haha. What do you think about Allen Iverson? You know he makes 800,000 a year just from Reebok
 Yep I agree. What do you think about Tim Duncan staying in school before joining the NBA? He got his degree and then finally was drafted, I would have jumped into the NBA immediately
 Yep that's exciting! I hope that Michael Jordan gets a cameo in there somewhere haha. I also didn't know that celebrities are paid and ranked by how much they make. Apparently LeBron James is the highest paid celebrity, followed by Judge Judy
 I dont follow it much either. it seems they make a good bit of their money off of endorsement. allen iverson has a reebok contract that pays him 800,000 a year!
 That is a great deal of money for wearing and saying nice things about shoes.  LeBron James makes a ton of money through the NBA.
 along with that he gets a final lump sum payment of $32 million when he reaches 55, thats some serious retirement money right there.
 Well, somebody must, it is good he didn't take that though, Nike gave him much more a year later.
 some of lebron james HIGH SCHOOL basketball games attracted over 1700 people and tickets cost over $100! who pays that for high school basketball? heck i wouldnt pay that for an NBA games lol
 Hello, do you like cars?
 ya I like Lebron James personally, I guess he was born in 1984
 wow that is weird, ya Lebron is awesome he won like 3 all star games and 2 olympic medals
 haha yes! they are making a new one with Lebron James now!
 ya I think so, didyou know that he's also the highest paid celebrity?
 well he donated like 6 milllion dollars to charity so hes definitely loaded haha
 no I didn't, I liked it as a kid though, if I watched 50 a year it would take me 16 years to catch up!
 Yes, it was.  I guess people knew greatness whenthey saw himplay.  I read somewhere that he turned down a $10 million offer from Reebok when he was just 18.
 $ 90 ,illion incredible.  Smart Boy, he recognized his worth!  I hear that Judge Judy makes $123, 000 oer episode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after Lebron James.
 There is a stable of them judges, for sure.  You know physicists have proven that the granny style shooting is the best technique to consistently score on the line, but players refuse because it looks stupid?
 OMG, wasn't he terrible at  free throw shots.  I watch him on his commercials for The General car Insurance and that's all I can think about! But, he's done well for himself.  NBA players are the world's best paid athletes by average annual salary, so I'm sure he really don't care much.
 Michael Jordan has done well too.  You know Air Jordans were banned upon introduction by the NBA, but he wore them anyway, because NIKE was willing to pay the fine each game?
 Yep Ford created the Model T in 1908, that is also a very impressive feat
 Yeah I like both of those companies, do you think they will ever put a flamethrower on one of their cars like you can do in South Africa?
 Yes I could use it to Flame broil some burgers on a picnic haha. Have you ever played the video game Gran Turismo by the way? There's a guy who is so good that he became a professional race car driver
 Yes he's definitely famous! So is Jon Hamm, that's the guy from Mad Men, used to be a High School Drama teacher by the way
 I think he was kind of one of his students actually went on to star in the TV show the office so he must have done something right
 I really like Michael Jackson's moonwalk. Apparently he did not invent it though. It was invented by a tap dancer in the 50s.
 Wow! Parrots can dance perfectly in time with music, as well
 Nice! Speaking of ballet dancers, there are ballet slippers that make drawings from the dancer's movements.
 Oh, and I take back that I don't dance. I totally do the funky chicken with my kids. Emilia Clark did the funky chicken and robot dance at her audition for Daenerys Targaryen
 Speaking of unexpected dancers, they taught Mr Rogers to breakdance in one episode.
 Interesting! I guess he went by ship? In the discovery age, ships released rabbits onto islands to be a food source.
 Yikes. I think I'd rather take a plane. But now air travel is 10 percent slower than it was in the 60s in order to save on fuel costs.
 I do find it annoying that when I'm tired from a flight I get off and have to walk a long way. I guess they do this so we will complain less about the baggage getting there slower.
 Never knew that!
 Alec Baldwin and George Carlin did as well
 I do as well. Did you know the Chinese government has censored the word censorship?
 I didnt know that, sounds like the censor a lot of things over there, really unfair, they have a dictator running the country
 I would hate to live in China. JP Morgan bailed out the US government back in 1895.
 I agree. Did you know the only president with a PHD was Woodrow Wilson?
 I didnt know that, he must have been a really smart guy, one of the best presidents in US history
 I bet. In Guatemala, close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president.
 Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.
 It says it was with John Wilkes.
 Haha - I heard it was president Banana. Imagine having that name?
 I bet he was teased quite a lot. 
 Really, when did the pay to have trees cut in the rainforest? Speaking of land, it's amazing that 86% of Nevada is owned by the US government instead of individuals. That's most of the state!
 I think that is where they do all the Air Force testing of the experimental planes. Also where they hid the aliens, Ha Ha!
 I never thought about wanting to know his weight! Speaking of secrets, isn't it funny that a guy sold the Eiffel tower TWICE! I can't imagine someone thinking it was actually for sale. I wonder how much he made off that swindle!
 No, Ha Ha! Have you? I wonder how fast it would be going  by the time it got down? I wouldn't throw one made by a famous designer since they are made from expensive materials and some cost 1000's!
 hey yes I'm aware, its funny they published government plans that were shown to want to destroy wikileaks itself
 didn't know that, but I did know that Norway gave one billion dollars to help save the rainforest back in 2008
 yup thats what I'm thinking, our president isn't like the indonesian one who released 3 pop albums haha
 ya I'll have to check it out, but maybe Trump and Kanye could make a pop album, they could stay in the Guest house!
 well I have boots I wear a lot right now, whats funny is that there is a pair of 5000 year old shoes that performs better than modern shoes haha
 haha ya I want to wear those shoes, did you hear that ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes s week?
 well I have read either baking soda or tea bags will fix that, have you tried that?
 oh wow I'll have to look at that, kind of nice that Steve Smith leaves his cleats out for homeless people after every game
 Nice! The government of India also helps people who can't vote easily. They set up a polling booth for one person in a forest full of lions.
 Not all men had the vote in the UK until 1918. That's surprising.
 Voting had lead to some pretty weird things. Do you know Fred Durst? The citicens in Austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump after him.
 That is sad. It's interesting that subscriptions to traditional newspapers have skyrocketed. 
 Maybe more Americans are getting interested in politics. More are becoming political activists too.
 Or the president of Indonesia. What do you think of him releasing three pop albums while in office?
 Yeah I wonder how popular the albums were. In Indonesia I believe the runner up in a presidential election automatically becomes the vice president. We used to do that in the US till 1805. What do you think about if we did that today?
 Yeah I think you are right! The news depresses me. I'd rather watch a concert. I like LInkin Park a lot. They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. I didn't get to see any though
 I used to go to more.  Wow, the Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts.  No wonder the have a song about wanting to be sedated. 
 Yeah, they toured almost non-stop for 20+ years! Linkin Park played 324 concerts back in 2001
 Hard working rockers... They must do better than Creed.  They got sued for being so terrible at a concert by 4 people.
 That's insane! Pink Floyd once did a live concert in Pompeii with no audience so they could record it
 Did you know that the president's guest house is bigger than the actual White House? I wonder why that is
 I wonder how he broke his guitar, hopefully there was another one to spare.
 I wish I had that much time at work! Did you know the three wealthiest presidents were JFK, washingtno, and Jefferson? I assume this was written befoe Trump
 Yeah it would seem that way as Trump is a billionare, I think he is actually on top of that list.
 They were on tour for almost 20 years straight!
 That sounds exhausting! I bet they were excited their first album did so well that they were able to book all those concerts!
 Albums can really launch popularity.  Like the President of Indonesia released three albums while in office.  
 In his spare time? Wow! I have been to some great concerts and some not so great, but never bad enough to sue the performer like some people did after a creed concert.
 Yeah. It was back in 2002. Pink Floyd once recorded a live concert without an audience. Kind of strange. 
 Yeah, I'm sure it was neat. I went to a cool concert in Washington D.C once, not far from the White House. Their guest house is actually bigger than the White House, itself. 
 Me neither. I didn't realize that Dictators can also be called Presidents until recently. 
 That doesn't sound very formal to me! Although, the role of president is not as important everywhere as it is here. 
 Thats pretty cool! Someone in India voted from a forest full of lions!
 that is a lot! or the Ramones who played like 2000 concerts over a period of about 20 years, wild!
 haha ya I was surprised to see that, also surprised that President Banana is in charge of Zimbabwe haha
 Yeah, very weird. Who knew that you could name a dumpster by voting--very weird.
 ya I've never heard of that, and to name it fred Durst of all things, thats embarrasing haha
 ya that is shocking and sad, even in the UK it took until 1918 until all men could vote in that country
 that sounds scary, and they made a voting booth for a single voter, very shocking!
 haha, thats true, can't believe Pink Floyed did a live concert to an empty crowd, I hope that was saved somehow
 It used to be a couple.  It's a lot of work.  
 Never.  I understand all their expressways are toll roads.
 I agree! I always liked watching the All Star games, there was so many great players on the field. I'd love to go to an All Star game but it's so expensive now.
 I know! The last Braves game I paid about that much. It's crazy!
 Yeah, when I lived closer to Atlanta I could get tickets for cheap. There's been times when I paid less for Braves tickets than I did our local minor league team.
 Did you know in Canada, 40% of songs had to Canadian.  No wonder Celine Dion is so popular haha
 Speaking of visual, Stephen King was terrified of the movie bambi!
 maybe he was originally a Xenomorph!
 Yes, the new one is "dumpster fire". I know what it is but it's such recent slang that it could disappear so quickly. We don't yet know if it will stand any test of time so it seems a little silly to add it to me. 
 That makes sense. My understanding is that they invented the yellow line that represents first down lines. I can't believe that was invented that recently. 
 I don't have any feelings about the Colts one way or another but that would be insane. I do not know how you would even get down the field that many times in one game. 
 He is a good QB. I have no issue with them going far. The Rams really surprised me this year. Their young QB also really broke out. 
 Did you know a single Google search takes more computing power than it took to put Armstrong on the moon?
 For sure. Google once hired goats to mow their lawn instead of people.
 Haha me too! Google maps uses Android devices to calculate traffic. 
 I would think so too. Google went down for 5 minutes back in 2013.
 I love fantasy. Did you know there is a national spelling bee fantasy league?
 Haha yep. There's also a fantasy Congress league. 
 Me either. Did you know a single fold in the brain makes the difference between reality and fantasy?
 Page and Brin own about 14% of its shares and 56% of the voting power! That's a lot!
 It will.... Kind of like typing askew into Google, it will make everything just a little off.
 Yes it was the Super Nintendo and also on the Sega Genesis. Apparently that game is the reason that video game started to get a rating system
 I agree. What do you think about Australia? It's shocking to think that they have banned more video games than even China has, and China censored the word for censorship LOL
 It's a tasty place that's for sure haha! Apparently it was created so that kids would play Atari video games
 Yes I mostly just text on my phone, I don't even have a house phone anymore.
 Well every time you use your phone, make sure that you know that there is no correlation between the bars that it shows on your phone, and the actual quality of the call, they did a study and proved that
 I watch TV pretty often. Although I cannot say that I have seen every episode of Pokemon. There are over 750 episodes.
 Another popular show that has been on forever is the Simpsons. There is one episode where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned.
 It is amazing how powerful our phones are. An iPhone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 We have more computing power in our phones than NASA did in sending people to the moon. It's just fascinating. Kind of like how the data we receive comes from cables 2.7 inches in diameter and lay on the ocean floor.
 Yes, he also promised to hire the best people.
 Maybe! He hired many people who were later fired including Michael Flynn and Priebus.
 I would too! The NRA said they would support more regulation of bump stocks though.
 And is that something Trump agrees with as well ? I didn't hear about that one...
 I believe Trump decided to ask the justice department to draft the regulation.
 ok... time will tell. Hey, did You hear that the only us president to have a phd is woodrow wilson ?
 Cool! He must have been really smart. Aslo, jfk was one of the top wealthiest presidents in american history.
 No I do not know his profession what was it?
 For like... kids visitation  ? ;)
 what ? I wonder what's that about... maybe for people with diabetes ? To keep the sugar level high ? ;)
 No idea! I didn't even know they had a president in Zimbabwe!
 I did not know that!  There is a movie coming out about him this fall I believe where Tom Hanks plays Mr. Rogers.
 That should be a good film! Senator Thurman fillbustered on for over 24 hours!
 Holy moly!  Isn't that where they have to stand before the senate?
 Yes! He holds the record for it! Do you travel much?
 I used to go there alot as a kid! I loved it. We lived about 30 minutes from Mackinac. Nice talking with you!
 Yes, it really is. Did you know that venus is the only planet that rotates clock-wise? I just learned that.
 Okay, that is kind of cool.  I wonder why it is the only one that does that.
 I think that fact about bowlers making more than football players is fascinating
 That is surprising. I also found out Soccer makes more money that football, baseball, basketball...and a few other sports combined.
 I read the other day that the highest paid athletes in the world are all soccer players.  
 Did you know "soccer" is slang for association football? I had no idea.
 I saw that! I did not know that before now.  
 Right! Interestingly, both have 11 players per side. 
 Last time I travelled I went to Europe, but that was a rare kind of trip.  I didn't go to Amsterdam, though.  I would love to see a bus that goes 160mph!
 Imagine that! At least they don't have all those toll roads like Japan!
 Yeah, I read that!  Hard to believe it was that recent.  They had to stage a protest to wear a pantsuit!
 Hello, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 No, I didnt know that, Trump is not on the list?
 I bet the list is outdated because I'm sure he would be on it.
 Yes, he is loaded. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was nicknamed president banana?
 Oh wow lol. I thought it was his nickname lol.
 That's hilarious. Could you imagine Trump being a pop star?
 LOL good call with Kanye. The presidents guest house is larger than the actual white house.
 That would make sense lol. Up until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 For sure. Did you know the US Senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Richard Nixon cracked in?
 Wow I didn't know that either. That was rather recently if you think about it.
 Yes he was. As you said, anybody can play soccer. Wow, what a sympathetic guy. How much was it?
 I'm impressed with the NE Patriots. It's amazing that bowlers in the 60s made more than football stars. How times have changed.
 Well, it sounds odd on how it is worded.
 Hi!  I didn't know that there was a type of soccer where three teams play at once.  Wonder how that works?
 I feel bad for him too. He is only human. I was unaware that Soccer makes more money than Golf, Tennis, Hockey,baseball,football and basketball combined, that is insane.
 Crazy! Who knew? I don't hear much about soccer here. I just learned the funnest fun fact! You could fit every other planet in our solar system between the earth and the moon! Cool!
 Wow! Do you realize how much space that is? I like the planet Venus, it is the only planet that does not tilt and rotates clockwise, very interesting!
 I really find it interesting that people truly believe the earth is flat, common sense tells you it's not....Wow, I didn't even know Earth had any other names! I am the one that needs to study more lol, Like I didn't know that Astronomers have found signs of life in a different planetary system 455 light years away! 
 I love the planets and stars, always have had an interest about the entire universe. That must be very cool to see the planets through a telescope! Lucky! Just like the planet they say shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4,500 mph, and the temp is 2000 degree's! Hahaha, that is scary.
 Yeah that is scary! I heard it rained red diamonds. Or maybe it was rubies on some moon, either one of Jupiter's or Saturn's. Wow, My mind was just blown! Imagine having 4 suns! There is a planet that apparently orbits 4 stars! That would be a site to see!!
 Wow, amazing. I would have loved to have went into astronomy in college. Crazy as it sounds, I believe there has to be some type of life out there somewhere.... not little green men, but we can't possibly be the only planet with life. I would love to know!
 Are you serious? You can actually see the rings? Oh, I really need a telescope! I would be outside every night! That is so amazing you have experienced all you have. I want that too! Everything changes no matter what it is and it is sad that out there in the universe it is changing as well. Nice to chat with someone who shares my passion for the planets!
 Yea I watch it occasionally, I never knew it was invented in the 19th century
 Me either. Polo shirts were actually invented for tennis players.
 That's interesting. A black man won the first US open in 1968 and no black man has won it since then.
 That's surprising, a year after he won a helicopter was used to dry off the US Open's tennis court
 That's funny and also a good idea. The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days. 
 Yep, I bet Trump will be on that list as well. He's probably the wealthiest.
 HAHA - that is pretty funny!
 I agree. Wikileaks published the governments plan to shutdown Wikileaks.
 I know right lol. 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government.
 Not a huge tennis fan but I do like Polo shirts, I never knew it was invented for Rene Lacoste
 That's crazy, I'm surprised that a black person hasn't won the US open since it started in 1968
 I didn't know that but I do know that 85% of nevada land is owned by the government
 She's a pretty good player. Did you know Polo Shirts were originally invented by the famous player rene "the crocodile" lacoste? 
 Is she still alive? I didn't know that. Crazy. Did you know the eiffel tower has been sold twice. 
 Could be. Did you know that 86% of Nevada is owned by the government? 
 No, what about monkeys and chimps? 
 I enjoy watching it but I don't know too much about it. It is a pretty big part of american culture though. That is pretty amazing he never fumbled at all!
 Do you like music. Did you know Pink Floyd recorded a live concert with no audience.
 I like Creed but some fans sued them because their concert was bad.
 And the Ramones toured for over 20 years. People don't have time with their families at that kind of a schedule
 20 years is a long time, they played 2,263 concerts. I think that is just too much!!
 Did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums in office.  I can't imagine our presidents doing that 
 Yes, president banana. That is too funny.
 I wonder that too. Did you know the presidents guest house is larger than the white house.  I wonder why that is.
 Yes, JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I did not know George Washington was wealthy
 That 's true. Did you know that Nevada is the only state to have none of these candidates as an option for elections. I think we need that all over.
 I like that in athens officials were appointed by a lottery. Maybe we should do that here.
 And voter turnout hasn't breached 62.8 in the last 100 years. Sounds interesting
 Well the president of Zimbabwe, his name is actually president banana haha. I wonder if he has a vice president named plantain LOL, and also the president of Indonesia released three pop albums, I kind of want to listen to those haha
 Wow! Presidents around the world are very interesting! Did you know that only one of our Presidents had a PhD, Woodrow Wilson.
 No I didn't know that! We should have more presidents with phds, did you know that before 1905, the runner-up would become the vice president, so you would have had President Trump and Vice President Clinton today?
 I did know that! It must have been hard to work with your opponent, perhaps even harder than losing the election while having the popular vote. That happened to 5 candidates for president.
 Wow, I wonder if we would ever have a President then or an inauguration. Lincoln was the first president to be photographer for his inauguration....with John Wilkes Booth in the photo!
 Well that's very scary! Definitely a bad Omen, did you know that our top voter participation percentage has maxed out at about 63%, that seems really low to me, and that's over the last 100 years
 No I don't think so. Especially since the taller candidate wins about 75% of the time, that's highly unlikely to be due to ideas, and instead is probably a factor of television showing the height difference
 Well, he may not be tall but a dog beat two people for mayor. He served for 13 years.
 In Oregon all elections are conducted by mail. I am so surprised at how different elections can be across the world!
 Yeah, need to walk softly and carry a big stick.  Maybe it would help for Trump to release some pop albums like the president of Indonesia. 
 Hee.  I guess that leave out a concert possibility.  Wow. The Ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts.  No wonder they want to be sedated. 
 Yeah.  They aren't Creed -- Creed had such a terrible concert that 4 people sued them.
 Yeah, good advice.  Maybe do what Pink Floyd did and have a live concert album without an audience. 
 At least Creed wouldn't get another law suit. Elections are weird.  We only have a 62.8% turnout or less in the last 100 years. 
 I guess one just needs to be tall.  Since 1900, the taller presidential candidate have won 75% of the time.
 Who knows.    Hillary Clinton was president of Young Republicans in college.
 Best spoken word album for the audio recording of her book.
 I think they call that the hamburger button.
 I've heard that.    Good thing for those climbing Mt. Everest, since there is 3G service at the peak.
 hahaha did you know the white house is not the largest home the US president has?
 Wow, that is amazing!  Sharks have their own personalities too!
 I bet they do! They probably all like to show their personalities at the White Shark Cafe in the Pacific Ocean!
 People have to get a laugh at it, even if it is about them! Did you ever watch Pokemon?
 Same here. I loved it when the simpsons crew sent south park flowers after airing their family guy episode!
 I heard it was huge. I wonder who stole it. 
 They still don't know apparently. It was the tooth of a megalodon and was believed to be 1.6 million years old!
 Someone found a megalodon tooth in South Carolina last year. I don't even know if I would know it if I found one.
 I was not aware. That would be some massive power. I would have thought that there bodies would be more protective of their organs given that they are predators. 
 That is likely true. They have changed. The megalodon was 50 feet long which is 3 times the size of a great white. It also could weigh more than 20 tons which is three times the weight of a T-Rex! 
 I don't blame them. I don't like false information being spread. Another fascinating shark fact is that they can be trained like dogs to bark!
 Yeah, it was undisturbed for a while in a secret location but someone must have told the wrong person.
 This shark has been extinct for over 2 million years, it's amazing that they found this tooth at all. I guess someone else found a small tooth of the same shark species but it was only 5 inches long. The scientists are thinking they may still be alive.
 The shark's nameactually means "Giant Tooth" and it grew to about 15 feet long. Yike. Female great white are about 16 feet long. And Megalodons weighed more than 20 tons, or three times as much as a T Rex.
 They are definitely very large for sure. That tooth was a great find. I guess they have 20,000 to 40,000 pounds of pressure when biting down which could crush a car, it sounds enormous. 
 Yikes! And because they don't have rib cages o land their weight literally can crush their own body.
 Yeah, and modern day sharks are amazing too. They evolved earlier than dinosaurs and treet.
 Yeah, and apparently there have been records of them rescuing sailors, not only sailors.
 Yeah apparently sharks can be trained to bark. Not sure why you would want one to, but hey. Guess I will go look up more about that. Have a good night!
 Yes I agree with you. Have you ever seen the comedy team in Monty Python? I'm a programmer and I didn't know that programming language python was named after them
 Oh that's cool. Speaking of technology, did you know that the White House still uses floppy disks? That seems incredibly outdated lol they need some USB drives over there
 No I haven't. Well I guess I have but it was a really long time ago, like back in middle school. What is interesting is that I think Jimmy Carter put solar panels on the Roof, then Ronald Reagan took them off, then George W put them back on the roof
 I think they actually do help the power the building. That would make sense. Do you know that there are twin buildings of the White House? There is one in Ireland and one in France
 Yes, I hear he thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age.
 Me too.  Lol  I had heard that the Green Lantern film was originally going to be  a comedy starring Jack Black.
 Amen, to that. Did you realize that Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989?
 Did you realize that the creator of the python programming language named it partly to honor British Comedy group, Monty Python?
 On a different note, did you realize the US president's guest house is larger than the White House?
 I did not. I wonder why that would be?
 Trump and Hillary would have killed each other. Lol
 Probably not, there would still be all that backbiting and bull crap that goes on.  That swamp needs to be drained, for sure.  
 I am really surprised it beat out other great shows in 1997. Others have been a lot more memorable
 It's kinda crazy they never had Seinfeld, friends, Fasier, or the 1997 golden globe winner 3rd Rock from the Sun reruns on there
 That's amazing. I read somewhere that before they retired the space shuttle, to repair it they had to scavenge 80s-era computer hardware from junkyards and abandoned hospitals and stuff to find parts for it.
 Wow I did not know that. I saw the BBC once said there was no news worth reporting so they played piano music instead.
 Not too sure on that. There was once a piano found on Britian's highest mountain.
 I do a little bit. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington?
 I bet Trump will be on that list. That's hilarious he was able to do that twice. How did that ever happen lol?
 Haha yea that's a valid point. The first president of Zimbabwe was named President Banana.
 Haha. The US president guest house is bigger than the white house.
 Hi!  I had no idea there were over 750 episodes of pokemon.
 Hello - wow that's a lot of episodes! I saw that it comes out to about 50 a year for 16 years straight. 
 Yea that's a lot! I saw that the 70s show was remade in the UK but was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 Yep, definitely different. Did you know that MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million back in 2005. 
 Wow, talk about a missed opportunity!  Where is myspace now?!
 I'm not even sure if MySpace is even around anymore. I never had an account. What about you? 
 LOL - that's a funny promotion! I saw that there is a state is Germany that made the like button illegal....how weird!
 Not sure on that one. I think it's interesting that Facebook is blue because Mark Zuckerburg suffers from color blindness. 
 I definitely like the color blue as well. Did you know Pixar studios has a secret room that is visited by celebrities. 
 Judge Judy is making bank - 123,000 per episode!
 that's just plain crazy!
 Did you ever watch the show Pokemon? I liked that show a lot back in the day, I don't like the new Pokemon that they have now though, although I haven't seen any new episodes
 I heard about that. I wish they had it now. I'm really hungry LOL, did you ever use MySpace by the way? Apparently they had an opportunity to buy Facebook at one point
 I'm not surprised they always seemed to be very inventive with their episodes. It's amazing some of the ideas they came up with what happened in real life years later.
 It's funny that That 70s Show scripts were reshot in the UK -- Sanford Son and Three's Company were literal copies of British TV shows in American settings.
 They were canceled after 10 episodes. This is so sad.
 That's a lot -- fifteen hours a week? I just found out Judge Judy is the second-highest paid celebrity -- I never would have guessed it, considering I've only seen her on afternoon TV in a lineup of cheesy court shows.
 I'm sure its pretty one sided, they usually are. I'm watching the one on Hulu right now. Its pretty crazy. I'm struggling to pay my student loans and that kid swindled all that money from all those investors.
 Are they on Facebook? Social media is so crazy these days. Facebook has more than 2.2billion active users not and is valued at $104 billion.
 No, mine are still small. I'm not looking forward to it either. I deleted mine, it was so obnoxious. I read Burger King had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people, you get a free burger, honestly, that sums up the facebook experience for me lol. 
 hi
 yeah I don't get it... 212 was the quickest number to dial ? Wouldn't it be 111 ?
 ...so the cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor ? What if some big ass fish will bite through them ?
 ...and they keep the agent on the ocean's floor as well ? ;)
 ya it is a new technology which was added as a advantage to the iphone
 Do you own an iphone ?
 ...so why don't You have an android phone ?;)
 They do have money! I had no idea Babe Ruth golfed too.
 Samuel L Jackson plays golf twice a week. It is written in his contracts too!
 Did you know that when South Park aired its Family Guy season finale, the producers from the Simpsons sent them flowers?
 Not personally, but I heard they created over 750 episodes, 50 a year for 16 years in a row!  That's a lot of work!
 That is a lot per year. They dont do that anymore.
 He was called president banana. What a strange name. 
 Yes, it is, but I guess that is no stranger than the President of Indonesia releasing Pop albums while president.  Lol
 That would be weird if it were before or after office but during office is mind blowing!
 He must not have been too busy being president.
 Hillary and Trump?  Talk about arguing!
 It is, I'm not sure how safe it is for us to be talking about it though?  It's not a secret, anymore!
 Hi! It's crazy to think the three wealthiest presidents in US history were Jefferson, JFK and Washington!
 Yeah you would think some of the more modern ones would be on there as well. 
 Wow how does one get a nickname like that? 
 Good question. I can't imagine how! Ha! But I suppose he was voted in for a reason! Speaking of voting, I've heard 34% of the male African American population of Alabama has lost their right to vote. That's crazy! 
 Agreed. I mean, look at what the Indian government does: they actually set up polling booths in lion infested forests for single voters. That's so inhumane!
 This was a pretty funny and actually sensible fact: The current library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
 yes, that's so interesting to know
 Thats exactly what i think he is planning on doing when he finds out his arrest is inevitable he's going to fly to Russia or another country to hide out 
 Have a great day my friend
 Good, so the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums
 I would like to listen to that! I'm sure he got the popular vote those years huh?
 interesting, i would like to stay in the president's guest house, it is bigger than the white house
 I wonder why it's bigger? Do you think because of all the security detail and support for their guests?
 maybe, until 1805 the runner up automatically became vice pres
 ha, when he visited india they removed the coconuts surrounding one of his destinations, just in case
 You can never trust those dang coconuts! They were probably using his codename a lot then! 
 funny, he vetoed 2 bills in comparison to roosevelt's 635
 That is so crazy! They were both democrats too! It's funny the things you can find on the internet!
 true, and that there is 3g cell and internet at the peak of mt everest
 funny name, 7% of people don't look at terms when buying product on the internet
 I would have thought that number would be 0 percent because I'm guilty of just scrolling to the bottom and agreeing haha.
 yeah 7% seems high
 Until 1805, the loser in the presidential election became vice president.  Can you imagine VP Hillary Clinton with President Trump?
 Trump is certainly an unconventional politician.  What other politician could say that the death penalty should be back in vogue?
 Ones from Texas? I am surprised that astronauts vote from space, I guess it makes sense but i never thought of it.
 I am not that committed to voting if it means I may get mauled by a tiger. Dedicated voters!
 I sure that guy lived there all his life.  I wonder about the bureaucrats who had to set up and monitor the location.
 Crazy. So works out to about 50 episodes a year. If you just get into the show now it will take forever to watch them.
 I didnt know, its interesting to know why they are called like that though, there is a pro racer that became pro just by playing the video game Gran Turismo
 Neato. I used to love playing that game. What we really need is robot cars, its so tedious driving. I don't know why they are taking so long to become popular.
 Great! and you?  What do you think of flame throwers equipped in cars in South Africa?
 True, Good to know there are robots now that can debone a chicken with surgical precision!
 I know, its seems a little to strange!  I guess robots have personalities and change depending on which brain it uses. Not sure I would want to see that, even to a rat!
 I meant the first time I saw MJ moonwalk on TV!  lol
 What?  Rat brains?  They hook the robot up to the rat or they put the rat's brains in the robot?  So many questions!  The curiosity robot on mars sings happy birthday to itself every year.  I think that's kind of sad.
 I would love that if I couldnt use those parts. Technology can do some amazing things.
 Many vehicles turn off automatically after about 20 minutes too, if using remote start.
 Would certainly make for an interesting project. I read that someone becamea  professional race car driver by beating aalmost 100,000 people in Gran Turismo, a video game.
 What?  A video game led someone to become a professional race car driver?  I wouldn't think it would translate so well, cool!
 I would be crashing into walls lol. 
 I actually did not - my and my wife's gas tanks are on opposite sides and I have to remembr that driving up to the pump!
 Did yo kow that McDonalds started with drive thrus in the seventies becase soldiers couldnt leae their cars while in their uniforms?
 Wow, I had no idea!  That's pretty crazy.  Fortunately for the soliers they can leave their cars now, fortunetly for us we no longer have to! lol
 Now I only go in if the window doesn't work or is frozen.
 I lost count after a couple seasons lol
 Haha, did you know that 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
 It seems like it. Another big number is $200 million. That was the budget for  Evan Almighty.
 Ha ha yeah I don't understand that myself and you're probably right. Graham Chapman of Monty Python was a medical doctor until he gave up on his practice to concentrate on comedy. Very cool to follow your dreams.
 Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a tv drama earning $700,000 per episode. WOW!
 wow, a lot of unhappy couples because of Facebook, its ironic considering many of them probably started their relationship using Facebook
 I don't use it often. I didn't realize it has only been around since 2004. Feels like forever. 
 Yes it is. I didn't know you only have to be 13 to have an account. Seems quite young!
 There is a age restriction ? I didn't know that...
 Oh of course! Facebook was the highest valued company to date when it went on the stock exchange in 2012!
 Haha. And to think, they were originally only for Harvard students!
 Yeah, what's up with that ? Why would students need that... to transfer files? I mean they were socializing close to each other in real life, why would they need a social network ;)
 lol, and Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005... big mistake :)
 Seriously! They were worth $104 billion in 2012!
 yeah... is myspace even exists now ? lol ;)
 I don't think so, it just sort of disappeared. Hard to believe Facebook was created by 5 college students! Pretty cool. 
 ...and did You know that Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein. I wonder why...
 Did You know that Facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness ?
 It's weird.  I thought that he was one of the main characters next to dad.
 That's a lot of money.  He was a good actor.
 So, it had nothing to do with him wanting to be an actor? That was funny. He was a good actor.
 no I like comedy which I why I don't like Colbert lol, but ya I do like monty python, I guess the programming language is named after them
 Can you believe Bill Murray is a big fan of the movie Kung Fu Hustle!    He calls it the supreme comedy!
 wow I do love that movie! also weird that green lantern was going to be a comedy starring Jack black and not ryan reynolds!
 thats crazy! also crazy patrick stewart teaches an acting class, hes obviously not doing it for the money
 yup, even Jon Hamm taught acting apparently, it was only in a high school though
 Yes.    They only did ten episodes, unlike pokeman which has over 750 total!
 I preferred South Park.    The Simpsons crew sent them flowers after they aired their Family Guy parody!
 haha I love that episode, did you see that in teh first 400 simpsons episodes home had like 200 different jobs haha
 I did not know that.   I did know Mr. Conductor was played by three famous people! 
 no what show is that? I did know that soap operas are called that because they were always sponsored by soap producers ahah
 Right? I loved that show, but I had no idea it was popular enough that they had that kind of budget! Do you like comedy?
 I like him! But one of my favorites has to be Demetri Martin- I guess he was accepted into Harvard law, but decided to go for comedy instead.
 ya I enjoyed it, what is crazy is that in all those episodes there is only 1 where Bart is both not mentioned and not seen at all
 Oh nice. Apparently 3rd rock from the sun is a good comedy show because it won a golden globe in 1997.
 Oh nice! I also like The Hangover which is technically classified as a bromantic comedy!
 Yeah I used to watch it too! With over 750 episodes it must have been popular!
 Too funny.  Never watched south park either.  My kids did. I guess I was wrong generation.
 Yeah it was definitely a funny show but you had to be into that kind of thing. Demetri Martin became a comedian after he dropped out of Harvard Law School!
 Dang! It is also funny what brings people into acting. Michael Caine did it for the girls.
 Good for him. Thomas the Tank Engine was super popular too with so many celebrity voices narrating!
 Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin were some of the voices.
 Yeah very cool. The Simpsons is also a classic show. Only one episode ever did not include Bart. 
 I love adam sandler and jim carrey they are both my favorite comedic actors
 Well he carries the show he's just so silly he's a lot like steve carrell do you know who he is?
 who's ryan stiles maybe i know his face but dont recognize his name
 Thought it funny that Wawa pretzels are mentioned with Rocky films.  Wawa pretzels are Wawa pretzels.  They're not the Philly pretzels!!!
 Yes for thousands of years.  I did not know they drank with the underside of their tongue though.
 I do too.  I think dogs do too!!  
 Yes and lets add elephants to that list. They are one of the only animals that understands pointing.
 And here I thought elephants were known for their memory.
 Now that's interesting.  Hardly ever see that anymore.  Don't even see bowling alleys as much.  
 Yea There used to be 2 in my town but it was torn down and made into a convenience store.
 Never knew there was a Eagles tailgate show on local cable.  Guess I didn't miss much.
 I love dogs. Did you know there are 12 different blood types for dogs?
 I'm not to sure who many blood types we have. They have blood drives for dogs.
 I did not know that. I did see Google prefers dogs over cats. 
 I saw that as well. Did you know dogs are not color blind?
 Do you like football?
 I like both as well. Did you know Iowa painted their locker room pink for the opposing team?
 Not too sure. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 It's grown a lot. The highest ever football score was 222-0. 
 I love horses and I've ridden them before. Icelandic horses have a fifth speed called tolt which is speedwalking for horses.
 Not sure on the other 4 speeds. Dalmatians are associated with firefighters because they help calm and protect the horses.
 Oh wow I did not know they were deaf. Very interesting stat.
 Haha I did not know that. Clint Eastwood has a mid-life allergy to horses even though he rode them in many of his movies.
 They are very shallow people. Pixar Studio has a secret room that is visited by celebrities.
 LOL not too sure on that. Did you know Robin Williams in the voice of the genie in Aladdin?
 Did you know Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode?
 I can't believe how crazy their fans are! In 1998 there 60 fistfights in one Monday Night Football game against the 49ers.
 With scores like 222-0, it would be hard to imagine many people liking it.
 I learned recently that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode. She's actually right behind Lebron James for the highest paid celebrity. Talk about a wicked contract! 
 Do you watch judge judy? I am not a fan. I'm shocked she is the second highest paid celebrity.
 Philadelphia seems like it does have some rowdy fans.  I wonder if alcohol is a big factor in their behavior?  lol
 I know right!  It's been so bad at times that they had to setup a makeshift"Eagles Court" because of all the unruly fans.  They set it up right there in the basement of the stadium.
 No, but he sounds just perfect for them!
 I agree completely. In my opinion the economy isn't as great as we're being lead on. 
 I didnt know that curious fact but 34% of the black male in population cant vote, they lost their rights to vote
 Yeah I guess so. you know that Netflix actually proposed Blockbuster to use Netflix as an online service of their own but they laughed at them.
 I did. I love Presidential facts. I know the top three wealthiest presidents in history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 I was wondering the exact same! Did you know that astronauts can vote from space?
 No way! Wow!And here I thought their only job was to enforce policies and determine those policies! Wow!
 I have heard that before. We are lucky to be in the US. In India the government sets up voting for a single person in a forest full of lions.
 He there! It's football season! Did you know Tom Brady's wife makes more than he does?
 Really? That's amazing considering how popular her is. The Patriots have been the focus of some mysterious situations, apparently. 
 Yes, like how Brady is on the injured report every week even tho he has no injuries!
 Do you know he has NEVER eaten a strawberry in his LIFE!?
 Yes, but had never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season until 2007. Then mysteriously that year throws 50!
 Tons of mystery here! The Patriots have either lost or won the Super Bowl by 3 or 4 points all 6 tries.
 That's incredible. Did you know an average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
 I had heard that recently. I'm a little surprised. Or how about this...women are allowed to join, but must meet all of the eligibility requirements.
 Wow! You really know your stuff! Did you know the NFL puts tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record the moves on the field. There is also a chip in the ball tracking its velocity, rotation and speed.
 That's rough. I wonder why. So, the average earning of an engineer is higher than an NFL player.
 Yes, that's not too far off! It will be played between the NFC and AFC champions and comes after having played 16 games with one bye week.
 Very interesting culmination of facts you have there! I have a fact that is not NFL. Pink Floyd recorded live in Pompeii with no audience in 1972.
 What a jerk, I am a big football fan.  Did you know that Tom Brady was picked in the 6th Round, at number 199 in the 2000 NFL draft?
 That is ridiculous.  Changing topics, are you a music fan?  I know a lot about music.  In fact, in 2010 Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs.
 I saw Snoop Dogg once.  I heard ABBA turned down 1 Billion US dollars to to a reunion tour of 100 shows!! How foolish!
 I would not think so!!! I once read that a women who was going to a Dave Matthews concert stopped to help someone who was stranded on a motorycle.  It turned out to be Dave Matthews himself.
 I'm sure Dave was very grateful. Who would you rather punch, Tom Brady or Donald Trump?
 did You know that wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks ?
 first king ? and when was that ?
 but isn't currency in Japan way cheaper than dollars ? It should be much cheaper than $300...
 really ? I had no idea... have You ever been there ?
 lol :) navy huh ? Was it interesting there ?
 I've heard that! I think I'd prefer Holland, the Dutch are making a commuter bus that travels at 160 mph.
 It would certainly be less clutter than in some places in the U.S. In michigan, they have banned motorized vehicles in one area, and most travel by carriages or bikes.
 yup I agree with you, they even came up with a plot to try to destroy wikileaks
 ya, it is extra funny too that wikileaks is the one that exposed the plot, against themselves haha
 ya I agree, one place that is not getting destroyed is NEvada, I guess the US government owns about 86% of all of Nevadas land
 ya you're right, have you ever been to japan? I guess all their highways are actually tolls
 ya thats a good question, seems like they would be contributing, and ya mackinac island has no cars they only have horses on the island
 ya he does lots of acting, I love george carlin, he also narrated some episodes I think
 ya I need to watch that episode thats weird! he's also not mentioned in it, I wonder if they jsut forgot?
 ya that seems really messed up, also how is the first king to travel the world the one from hawaii? Youd think itd be the king of england or something
 yes I agree, Government can be scary though like how the Chinese Gov literally censored the word for censorship
 no that sounds crazy, kind of cool though that Monaco got rid of income tax in 1869, they make a ton of money from the casino business apparently
 Monaco is definitely on my list of places I want to travel to. France is another place. It's one thing for a man to sell the Eiffel Tower once, but to pull it off twice shows how well he is at impersonating government officials
 haha that is crazy, very ballsy, I'm not ballsy enough to renounce my us citizenship, I guess the government publishes a list of the names of anyone who does that
 They also supposedly had plans to destroy Wikileaks, according to an article published by Wikileaks
 ah that is scary, did you know though that JP Morgan bailed out the USA back in 1985?
 Sounds about right. One good side of governments though is that the one of Norway helped save the Amazon forrest by donating one billion dollars
 ya that is good, crazy how often the gov shuts down though, apparently 17 times over the past 37 years, seems like a lot
 That is a bit excessive. Another thing that I think is excessive are the $300 in highway tolls that it costs to drive across Japan
 oh ya that is just silly, do you travel a lot? I guess planes are 10% slower today than the 60's to save on fuel
 I haven't, but that's pretty funny. That bus might also be helpful in Iceland for those who don't have cars. Currently they use domestic flights to travel among the major cities
 oh wow interesting but that sounds annoying haha, did you notice that airports put luggage claim farther from the travellers now? So instead of making it faster you just have to walk farther haha
 ya apparently those deals are almost never enacted, so that is disappointing kind of ruins the show if you ask me
 no it was probably horrible haha, did you watch the simpsons? I guess homer had like 188 jobs in only 400 episodes haha
 I know, it makes you wonder, doesn't it? It hasn't played out completely so it's possible that SHE is the one who's lying. What a crazy mess. 
 Yes, some do not think about what they do or are very ruthless, we ourselves damage the world more with what we do
 Well, it's not bad after you get used to it. At least you would not to take life, I have practiced to give in key points of defense
 Yes that is a lot of money, only second to Lebron James.
 That is a lot of episodes. Enough to watch about 50 a year for 16 years straight.
 I wonder why they decided to do that? Maybe they wanted to make more room for ads since TV is a mass medium for advertising. Well I really enjoyed this chat thanks.
 Really $346,000 only because of YouTube? she must have a lot of fans on the search engine. 
 I see, I like LeBron he is a great player an also the highest paid celebrity after judge Judy
 hey did you know the last time there was a president who wasn't a republican or democrat was 1853
 haha I wonder why? Like did he eat a lot of bananas? It almost seems like a demeaning name, kind of like the president's guest house being bigger than the entire actual white house
 Ya, I wonder what would happen if Hillary became the vice president to Trump, like that seems like it would cause so much chaos haha
 No I don't listen to him either. I have no idea who makes these selections, who ever is is probably getting paid way to much lol.
 lol yes I would agree with that, also the judge who gave her ruling in the form of a rap when doing a suit against eminem was probably paid too much and had too much time on her hands lol
 Did you see that in Korea, rappers do something called a "compliment battle" instead of what we have here where rappers do dissing matches?
 That is crazy, and that his favorite comic book hero was spiderman, I would have thought it would have been spawn or something more hardcore, but maybe that was after his time
 Yes, he does not strike me as a spiderman type of guy. Either way I'm pretty sure he turned out ok. I think he has made his millions and numerous awards just fine
 Yes, it was almost unbelievable. A rapper standing alongside the president? When has that happened before?
 I think it's wild that the last time a republican president without a Nixon or a Bush on the ticket was 1928. That shows some complacency in the party right there.
 I believe you are correct. I also think that only 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote. That's crazy to me considering that 2 of those happened in my lifetime. 
 Nice. Yeah I agree. The new stuff really sucks. Eminem will always be one of the best although he initially wanted to become a comic book artist!
 Interesting. Yeah would have been funny to hear. I also liked Busta Rhymes and he voiced the reptar wagon in the 1998 rugrats movie!
 Yeah that would be awesome and crazy to think it's even bigger than the White House!
 I would love to see that! Apparently to be a republican you have to have a beard! Well Trump proved that wrong! 
 I didn't either, I did know Eminem was a comic book fan thought and liked Spider man
 A Michigan Judge delivered her ruling in rap form when she was trying a suit that was filed against Eminem.
 Haha, well fuzzy I associate with cute animals. Speaking of animals, Harry Truman didn't want to be photographed on the Dumbo Ride so he wouldn't be associated with republicans.
 Funny. The last time a Republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928.
 And the Republicans had been dominating politics nationally between 1860 and 1932.
 Yeah I don't like to think about politics too much because it's so depressing. Ady Barkan says that hope is themost important political tool we have though.
 Yes.  that would like be someone not wanting to be photographed with Eeyore because he is a donkey
 I guess he was really rich, I would have place Trump in second place at least but apparently his not in the top 3 
 That is so cool! Can you believe how much Judge Judy makes per episode?
 I know right, that seems impossible, they earn lots of money not only from their salaries but also from endorcements
 Yep I will watch basketball from time to time though, I really like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar he was so awesome that he got the dunk banned for a decade LOL
 Nope it will be a completely different game, I think creator of basketball should have changed the rules so that he would not have been a losing coach though LOL he was the most losing coach for his team
 I know, how can you lose at the game you literally made up?
 LOL that's my question! I want to know if the Supreme Court Justices ever play at the basketball court that's on top of their building? They better not lose if they are playing on that court which is the "highest court in the land"
 That does seem wrong! Also it seems wrong that the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the "All Blacks," that's definitely not a good nickname if you were in the United States LOL.
 Nope I agree with you! I think that Allen Iverson has gotten away with a lot though, he makes $800,000 a year from Reebok and never has to worry about money again haha
 Yep I be fine with that Haha. I would even shoot granny style if you gave me 32 million dollars, that is apparently the most accurate way to shoot a basketball
 Yep I agree, they were banned and then Nike just paid the fine so Jordan could keep wearing them LOL
 Yep those shoes were great! I think that Reggie Miller should have come out with shoes, and his sister should have come out with women's basketball shoes, she was even better at basketball than he was!
 I love hockey, but I don't play it. The Slovakian women's hockey team beat Bulgaria 82-0 which is crazy. 
 I agree. USA's hockey women's hockey team lost to New England high school team once.
 For sure. Hockey rinks used to only have one shared penalty box, but the players would constantly fight so they made two instead.
 I think it probably is. In a 1930 hockey game, the goalie caught fire when a puck hit a pack of matches in his pocket.
 That's awesome. In the summer olympics back in 1932, India beat the USA 24-1 at hockey.
 Haha. The "Weekend Update" debuted on the first episode of SNL and is also their longest running skit.
 I'm surprised it didn't last in the UK. I think it's a great show.
 Possibly. Did you know in the first 400 episodes of the Simpons, Homer had 188 jobs?
 Hello how are you doing? Do you like basketball?  I was just reading some cool facts! Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 Yeah right!  Also this is really interesting too.  Colleges get a lot of money for basketball. In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 That is interesting! The NBA players are the highest paid athletes in the world!
 Thats not too surprising.  James naismith, the inventor of basketball, is the only losing coach in the university of kansas's history
 Wow, that sucks lol, did you know Reggie Miller scored a career high 40 points in High School! Nuts!
 Yeah I just read that lol he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 Right! That was too funny, and she had an amazing record for sure! I heard NBA players think it looks stuoid to shoot granny style but it has been proven it is the best technique to score points! That is crazy, who cares what you look like lol....
 I know right,  get the points,  you dont have to look cool lol 
 Nba player allen iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 to where he would then receive a final lump sum payment of $32,000,000.
 That is a crazy amount of money! I can't imagine having that much money for advertising for Reebok!
 I know right!  Air jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nba. however, jordan wore them anyways, as nike was willing to pay the fine each game.
 Im sure.  Advertising!  lol 
 He was playing basketball since I was in high school!  lol I think he just retired last year or something 
 Yeah seriously.  Did you know New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 Geez I hope not! lol its been fun  have a good one 
 Me too! Not only is he a great player but he seems to be a fun guy to hang around with off the courts! Wonder if he has an endorsement contract like Iverson which is worth millions!
 Speaking of the NBA, did you know that it is composed of 30 teams? Only one of the thirty teams is from Canada.
 Probably because it takes a long time to wind up. Did you know that Air Jordans were banned in the NBA?
 That's mine too! New Zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks", that seems a little racist to me.
 Yeah, that wouldn't be a bad job but I'm sure it is highly stressful! Especially if you're like James Naismith who is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas' history!
 I didn't realize thumbs were so important to the game? He had to miss twenty games one season because he broke his thumb
 Youth is on his side for sure, so he could still turn it around.  Back in 93 a team traded a guy for $1, so they could at least get some cash for him. 
 $1?! Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just fire the guy?!
 Sounds like the record companies that turned down the Beatles. Speaking of...I knew Ringo Starr narrated Thomas the Tank Engine at one time, but did you know that so did Alec Baldwin?
 Good question.  I'm sure it was a lot. They didn't make as many episodes as Pokemon though.  Over 750!
 I loooove Pokemon. Used to watch it a lot as a kid, but I'm pretty sure I haven't seen all 750 episodes. Sometimes I think there's too much TV for me to watch 
 Never went to the Nationals new stadium, saw them play at RFK.  I was shocked to read that 60% of basketball players are broke after 5 years from retirement.
 Woah, that seems like a really physically demanding sport, I need to start playing hockey and lose some weight lol
 Ahh...that's right.  Duh...I was thinking they used it while the ice was still on the floor.  lol
 I just read that.  In 1924 Canada scored 132 goals and only allowed 3.  Talk about crushing the other teams.
 Hello - I have not heard of him before, but I do love hockey. 
 He is considered speedy with a splendid shot but he broke his thumb and as a result had to miss 20 games! I wonder how he broke his thumb, hockey does seem a bit physical.
 Oh wow I bet a broken thumb is pretty painful. Hockey is very physical so it doesn't surprise me.
 Yeah, you are basically incapacitated to play with a broken thumb since you couldn't hold the hockey sticks. Did you know that hockey is also referred to as Bandy in different countries.
 That's cool I did not know that. Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports, lacrosse and hockey.
 Yea I think that's our sports and probably baseball too. 
 Yeah! Though I think players are worth much more than $1 which is what a hockey player was traded for in 1993 but then he went off to win four stanley cups! Way to prove them wrong!
 HAHA definitely!
 Now it's about the new era of Pokemon Go, I guess. There's even internet cables laying on the ocean floor, I wonder if there's any creatures to be caught on the ocean floors. I wouldn't be surprised if someone went that far to catch them.
 LOL that would be funny. Did you know South Park aired it's Family Guy episode and received flowers from the Simpsons crew? 
 That's commendable and nice of them to do that. I also didn't know that South Park ended, did it end?
 I have no idea if it ended or not to be honest. I never really watched much South Park.
 I'm thinking he is as well. Did you know New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone? 
 Haha me either. An iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent. 
 Commercialization must have changed how shoes are made a lot. Shoes that are 5000 years old performed better than modern commercial shoes do!
 Did you know that putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes could help absorb odor?  I have some running shoes that may need that "tea treatment," no doubt.
 I  also did not know that only one of Shakespeare's play has not been adapted for film or tv.  Amazing! 
 I think she was in the Hope and Crosby movies? I also did not know that there was not a correlation between bars of service and quality of connection.
 I also find it hard to believe that dolphins speak on the phone and recognize each other!
 I knew they had a lot of land in Nevada but not 86% of it. I know they store nuclear waste there
 actually it was JFK and not trump weird huh?
 ah maybe I have outdated info, but I wonder if the other guys were adjusted for inflation, it must be
 haha me neither, did you know the president of Indonesia made some pop albums
 haah good point, did you know thet the guest house is actually bigger than the actual white house? weird huh
 wow that is kind of sad, did you hear that norway gave like 1 billion dollars to help save teh amazon rainforest?
 snowboarding in the rainforest? I'm assuming you mean Norway haha, idk I haven't been to either
 haha ya thats what I figured, also weird is that the US Gov owns 86% of the land in nevada, def no snowboarding their either haha
 lol oh ok maybe you're right, also in nevada is the option to choose none of the above when voting, thats a good thingI think
 not at all.  It seems that US Presidents are all quite wealthy.  JFK and the Kennedy's are proof as well.
 speaking of land, i see that 86% of the land in nevada is owned by the US government too.
 probably a good thing then.  It's funny that Wikileaks published a story that the US government wants to destroy Wikileaks.
 I can't believe that US voter turnout for presidential elections has never gone above 62.8%.  why won't people vote?
 i would agree.  up until 1805, the runner up in presidential elections became the VP.
 not sure it would be good to have Pres and VP never agreeing on anything. But could force them to.  Unless the President is taller - the taller candidate has won 75% of elections since 1900.  useless fact of the day.
 i guess so, except for Hitler and Napoleon.  but i would like to be a guest of the white house as the guest house is bigger than the actual white house.
 Wow, that's interesting! I wonder if the President of Indonesia has a presidential palace. He has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Oh, I did not know that! I just heard he was called that. Interesting!
 Wow, that is a lot! Hope it's being protected. The Norwegian government donated one billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.
 Neat! You mentioned Nevada. I find that's interesting that it is the only state that has a none of these candidates option for voting during presidential elections.
 Yeah, a lot of government rules don't make sense tome. For instance, in 2006 the US passed legislation that protects government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions.
 That is hilarious. Wonder how he got away with it not once but twice!
 Officials in ancient Athens didn't trust elections. They thought they would lead to oligarchies.
 Yeah, where power rests in the hands of a small group of people.
 I don't know, they might have been right in a way, that elections aren't as valuable as we think. In 1900, the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75 percent of the time.
 Really, Banana? is that his real name?
 I have to watch that one do you happen to know the name? and thats interesting how can the guest house be bigger
 It sure has, I don't think it has been over 60% in the past 100 years.
 I'll admit I don't always like to vote because I don't feel it makes a difference. The turnout for us presidential elections hasn't reached 62.8 percent in the last 100 years.
 Hahaha. I think it's cool that Nevada has a none of the above option.
 I do like that. They should do that in every state. What they shouldn't do is a lottery system like they used in ancient Athens for the elections
 Hah, I know, very entertaining but probably not a smart idea. Speaking of entertainment, what do you think about the president of indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while in office?
 That is really crazy haha. I wonder how successfully albums were. Probably did not make him a top three wealthy president like JFK Washington and Jefferson are here though
 I would never want to be too wealthy but I would love the experience of staying in the white house guest house. It's bigger than the white house!
 That is shocking! Also interesting that the president of Zimbabwe is named President Banana.
 Haha interesting. I guess in France some people don't have much respect for the government as one person impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower twice.
 JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I guess that accounts for inflation.
 Yes it must. Did you hear about Wikileaks? Apparently the government wanted to shut them down and the plan to do so was leaked by them LOL
 I'm going to Las Vegas in March actually. Well I didn't know that the US government owns 90% of Nevada that's really wild
 It was jfk, washington, and jefferson. 
 The Gov is a crazy entity.   Did you know that 86% of Nevada is owned by the feds?
 Haha probably not. I love political facts. Did you know that the top three wealthiest presidents in American history JFK, Washington and Jefferson?
 I would think the list isn't updated, but it could be in the time period. No kidding! What a story! Did you know the President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Oh geez, that sounds even crazy that our president. # pop albums, oh no! 
 I could not even imagine! Did you know the US President's guesthouse is bigger than the White House?!
 Oh that is funny. Glad someone gives to the Rainforest. 
 It's good to support a cause. Hard to believe that the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 Wow, yeah. good valid points and I cant believe how many people try to cheat. I just dont know why?
 Time to read and learn more fun facts around the world.
 I haven't heard of President Banana! And that is interesting to know they were the richest. And the only president to have a PhD is Woodrow Wilson.
 I visited it back in the day. Back when we did it in middle school I think. I haven't been there in a long time though, apparently the guest house is bigger than the White House itself, I'll have to check that out
 I wonder if it all even matters sometimes. The faster blinker in the presidential election has lost every election since 1980.
 Ha, your blinking comment made me LOL. I did not hear about the Indonesian President making pop albums. Well, at least the Indonesian government has not yet banned the word "censorship" like China has!
 I agree that's really scary! And yes he made the albums while he was in office haha, what do you think about Wikileaks by the way? Apparently the government wanted to destroy them, and so Wikileaks leaked their plan to do so LOL
 Wow that seems like a lot actually. Another weird thing, is that the government owns 86% of all of the land in Nevada, I know it's mostly desert, but still that is a lot!
 Oh wow I didn't know that. Did that just happen? I wonder if anyone will be giving them any foreign aid? Apparently even Norway gave a billion dollars to the rainforest as foreign aid
 At least the library of alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it all burns down...
 Yeah! You can read it at the top of mt everest. It has 3G there!
 Wow, signal gets there? thats amazing, did you know Trumps guest house is bigger than the White House?
 Yeah that might make him angry, and Its called Blair House, its also in Washington DC, its strange that he is not among the wealthiest presidents of US history.
 I doubt a good signal can be maintained. It would be a good experiment though.
 Good question. Putin dont like the canadian prime minister very much
 Yep.  Beijing has promised to crack down on the counterfeiters but I'm not holding my breath.
 That's nice of them but I'm not sure what I'd do with a sward and shield if I got one.
 Hi. Holy heck, the crime report for Prince William is lit today. 
 Thats cray. I'm sure they'll blame it on the marijuana. Some poor kid was walking his dog and some guy grabbed him by the neck and tried to rob him. The kid had to bite him and run away.
 I had no idea! My son loves that show. He's known the names of every single train since he was one. 
 Yeah, aside from the World Series I generally don't watch. It's been on since 1903. Hard to believe.
 I imagine they didn't love that.
 Really? I must have missed that. Well it has been wonderful chatting with you. Have a good night. 
 Hi! do you watch baseball?
 I didn't know that. I would have thought they would be ineligible for some reason. Most of them don't seem like they spend much time on the field playing. 
 No, I didn't think so too. I guess they need to practice with the team to stay in shape though. 
 Hmm you wouldn't think that look at some of them. It is crazy to me how expensive old baseball cards can be just for some stats on a piece of cardboard. 
 That used to be included in bubblegum! Did you hear that one married couple used to schedule all the baseball games for the season. Thats crazy.
 I wonder if they were team owners or just some random couple that the league hired years ago. 
 That is a good question! I just don't know. I may have to look that up. I do know the world series has been played since 1903.
 Makes rooting for them fun though! They did win back to back world series once. 
 That is what I have heard too. The Womens world cup has higher television ratings than the world series.
 I think I would probably have a heart attack if I found that much money in baseball cards just sitting in an attic. 
 Me too. It would be seriously fun though! Baseball is seriously popular in Japan too!
 Hi there, I know a little bit, for instance the president of Indonesia created 3 pop albums LOL
 I didn't know that! I also didn't know the old rules for vice presidents, did you know that the vice president was the runner-up candidate back before 1805?
 Yes I know! can you imagine President Trump and vice president Hillary, they would have so much drama and fighting it would be like a reality show
 No I didn't know that! That seems like it should be the reverse doesn't? Also the reverse, is the top three richest presidents. You'd think Trump would be on there but he's not in the top three, how is that possible?
 Yep I think you're right. It must be inflation. How often do you travel by the way? I want to travel on a dutch bus that goes on and 60 miles per hour LOL
 Yeah that's good. Apparently Japan has all toll roads for their highways. I could see that getting really expensive if you wanted to travel all over the place while you were visiting
 I agree with you! You know it's not convenient though? Mackinac Island, they don't allow any cars or anything like that on the island. It's purely horses. So you have to smell horse poop the whole time LOL
 Yeah I didn't know that. I go to the IGN site almost every day too and I would have no idea. I also didn't know that they were created by President Richard Nixon. Along with another guy named Richard Ales. They definitely don't put that out in the open LOL
 Well he did threaten to sue the author of the Russian dossier in court. There's always something new coming out about him so it gets exhausting for sure
 No I didn't watch it. I try to avoid the news because it's depressing. I do think it's dumb that the last US president to have a Ph.D was Woodrow Wilson, we should have more presidents who have one
 Yes that is funny. You know if that's his real name? I think President should speak other languages fluently as well, the last one to do so was FDR, why are all of these presidents who did these things so long ago
 Yes I've always wanted to go to Texas but I haven't been there yet. Have you ever tried crashing on a couch? There's a site like Airbnb but for couch crashing apparently
 I would definitely ride that haha. I think it's crazy that air travel is 10% slower today, it's because it is more efficient to travel at that speed so it saves money for the airlines
 Yep I agree with you. It's interesting that their median viewer age is 68 years old too. I wonder what the median ages for other news networks are
 Yes that is crazy. Interesting though that 50 percent of Fox News is dedicated to opinion news, and MSNBC has 85% dedicated to the same, you think it would be the reverse
 The dutch are creating one, a commuter bus.
 Oh, so most people travel by air. In Japan I would avoid driving too as all highways are tolls. If you want to cross the country it costs $300
 He was the first king to travel around the world. That is so interesting!
 Oh, I would probably be in shape if I lived there since you cannot drive a car.
 Haha, sorry, don't let me deter you from going there. I don't really like to watch news at all but I hear that Fox news is more watched than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Interesting! They were also going to create a cable channel dedicated to the simpsons.
 Haha so I guess they have a love hate relationship with the Simpsons
 Haha. The top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Jefferson, and Washington.
 That's hilarious. What an odd name for a president.
 That's hilarious. Can you imagine if Trump released pop music?
 That would be so bad to have Trump and Hillary together.....scary to think about what would happen.
 That's pretty amazing. I wonder why? Do you watch Fox News?
 I think I had heard that too. Fox News once discussed starting a cable channel for just the Simpsons.
 That's pretty amazing! I would have never guessed.
 Yea probably. IGN is actually owned by Fox News.
 WIth the military presence and weapon testing, I'm sure a lot of land is unusable for other purposes.
 It also was surprising that they own IGN, a gaming website. I guess media companies do want to be involved in all sorts of ventures.
 I never knew they threatened to sue the Simpsons before. I guess they angered them enough to push them that far.
 It's pretty interesting that they had no issue with all of the other parodies the Simpsons have done but they couldn't take it when it was their turn.
 It's amazing what some people would fall for. Not only did he pull it off once, he got someone else to believe it a second time. This has to have happened before the internet and globalization of the news.
 I know some of the Wikipedia story but not all of it, certainly not that there was a plan to destroy it. I know their founder went into hiding for a while.
 I would agree that is seems undemocratic. It shows that every government has a dark side.
 did you know that the norwegian governemtn donated a billion dollars to help the amazon rainforest?
 well i'm not sure if it was a government or an organization actually, did you know that trump wouldn't be considered one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents of all time?
 the order goes, JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, they must be aadjusting for inflation obviously
 haha thats a good point, do you ever use the website ign.com? I do all the time, and apparently that is also owned by Fox News
 No I don't think I've actually ever voted in one of the polls haha. I also didn't know that there is an online magazine called"the redditor", I don't know why you wouldn't just check Reddit itself
 Yep I agree with you. What did you think about the fact that the average football game only has about 10 or 11 minutes of gameplay? that definitely helped explain why the Super Bowl is boring haha
 Yeah that's true. Do you know anyone who is an engineer? I never knew that the average engineer makes more, in their lifetime, than the average NFL player, or the average MLB player for that matter
 I saw that! One of his nicknames. A.D stands for all day, because he likes to play.
 I very rarely visit that site!  I usually get my knew from the local newspaper.  I am learning a lot here though... like there is no rule against female players playing in the NFL.
 I know that's crazy!  Almost as Crazy as if a cheerleader is in a restaurant and a plyer from the saints comes in they have to leave!
 How sexist! And an engineer makes more money then playing football.
 I spend more time there than I should. I've never submitted anything; I'm too afraid of the downvotes. 
 That makes sense. Lots of time I just browse. The moderators have done a really good job keeping people from being harassed. Sometimes, though, subreddits leak into other subreddits just to be jerks. 
 I wonder if that makes Facebook the most visited site in the world? I've read that Iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution,  by taking suggestions from the public. 
 It's simply mind boggling how popular it is. I remember when my kid was almost 13, he was super excited to finally get his facebook account. Of course, he doesn't use it now at all.
 Absolutely. Even with an ad blocker, they sneak through. I get loads of ads about my favorite NFL team, the Saints, on facebook, I'd guess because I like so many related pages. 
 Did you know Saints players and cheerleaders cannot eat at the same place?
 That surprises me, but it does seem like a way to make sure there's not any harassment. It would be super annoying to have to leave where you're having dinner just because an NFL player shows up.
 I wonder if there were female players, would there be male cheerleaders? It's not a  lucrative career, engineers make more money and sustain fewer hits to the head (hopefully).
 I do too. Honestly, the current white house is the only one I can think of that does not have a pet. Did you know that dogs can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps? That's amazing. 
 That's complex. I would assume they have to match them as well if they need blood which would make it more complicated. 
 I've had a couple of dogs that I swore understood pointing. It's nice to have confirmation. Apparently dogs drink with the underside of their tongue. I always assumed they scooped it and drank with the top of it. 
 That makes sense. Strange that if only 5 have been elected while losing the popular vote that 2 of them have happened in my lifetime. 
 It's also interesting that President Truman would not be photographed with Dumbo because he's an elephant.
 Yeah I thought that they were always associated with those parties.
 It's strange that there hasn't been a non democrat or republican president since 1853
 Yes I wish there was more than just the two parties to choose from it would help our system to not have lifelong politicians.
 I knew about dogs, but not elephants.  Interesting!  Did you know that dogs are not totally color blind?
 Yeah, it doesn't seem necessary at all.  Its actually kinda weird.  
 That's a good question. It does not make sense.  The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.  How about that?
 That's very odd. I can see before or after but during seems crazy!
 I saw that, it was beautiful.  Sully will definitely be comforting to many veterans George W. Bush, Bush's son said.  Bush had loved dogs.
 Did you know that Barbara Bush had an English springer spaniel named after her friend Mildred?  Can you imagine having a dog named for you?  
 Wasn't Jeb Bush on the ticket at some point?
 Did you hear about Istanbul's vending machine that gives their stray dogs food and water?
 The three richest presidents in the US were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. 
 I wasn't aware he was a service dog. He had followers too!  Probably facebook
 And here I thought they just wanted that cookie!  Was reading about the political parties.  Interesting history.  They seem to have switched their ideals.
 The progressives.  Isn't that what the liberal democrats today are calling themselves? The progressive left.  I just don't see any progress   lol
 That's new to me also. I didn't realize that the red and blue colors were fairly recent.
 2000.  I just took for granted that I didn't pay attention to elections and the media was making it easier by coloring the stated  lol
 I had no clue dogs had 12 blood types, I just assume they had the same amount as humans
 Yea, elephants too. I didn't know dogs can actually see as much colors as humans
 It's pretty funny they put they prefer dogs over cats in Googles official code of conduct
 No Trump in that list? Really?
 I had no idea that can be done even. Nice chat here
 That is good, good chatting with you!
 I am not sure which episode that is. Their crew sent flowers to the crew of family guy after their last episode
 I love that show. So happy it was picked up by another tv channel. Do you ever watch Judge Judy?
 I would agree with that. On the other hand, Judge Judy makes way more than them and I do not see the point.
 Apparently that after Lebron James, she's the highest paid celebrity. She is pretty legit though
 Speaking  of celebrities, Pixar has a secret room that can be visited by them.
 That's pretty cool. Robin Williams was one of my favorites to watch. His voicing the Genie in Aladdin was what started the trend of animations being voiced by celebrities
 So cool. Ethiopia has a chef that believes if people eat more diverse foods they can combat hunger together
 It makes sense when you think about it I guess. There is a copy of internet in the library of alexandria.
 I am not sure either. Apparently nowadays even if  you mount Everest you still have internet up there.
 Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama?
 That's a ton of money! Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore?
 That's very cool. Do you know much about the telephone?
 I know the iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent!
 That's very scary to know. New York's area code is 212 because it's the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I wonder if anyone has a rotary phone anymore? Such a relic now! When you call long distance the data is carried using cables running across the ocean floor!
 I doubt it lol. Those lines on the ocean floor are only 2.7 inches thick too.
 Possibly lol. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.
 That is a cool program. The world needs more help like that. The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones at 4700 words per minute. 
 That's very very fast! I can't imagine reading that fast and actually retaining what I just read.
 Yes RoboCop is awesome. He also directed Total Recall. Did you know the speed reading Championship person can read over 4,700 words per minute?
 I like dramas too. That site would be cool to find. I'll have to look it up.
 Yes it would be very useful if you like that sort of thing. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because they don't project positivity.
 Yes as do I. Michael Caine, who I really like, became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama!
 That's a good reason to get into acting then I think lol.
 I love reading. I think it's funny the military has Starship Troopers on their reading list.
 Very cool I haven't read that either. The world record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute.
 Anne Jones is a machine. Wow I can't even imagine.
 Me either. That's very fast. There was a moral panic in the 18th century due to the spread of reading novels.
 What is? Reading or the Kavanaugh stuff?
 It is. You should read CS lewis. He and Tolkein were friends.
 Thats a great idea! I think something like 1000 copies right?
 Thats right! 1/2 of all adults have a library card!
 Education make more civilized society.
 Yes it does! A library in Sacremento has a library of things.
 Yes Enders game was suggested by the Marine Corps. In the 18th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels.
 Hello how are you.  Did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson where the richest presidents in American history?
 I did not, I would have thought it would have been a more recent president
 I would have also.  In Zimbabwe, the first President was called President Banana.  lol
 Hey, I'm a semi fan.  I wonder if Trump can sing.  The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums when he was in office.
 I love Sci-Fi.  There was a moral panic in the 18th century because of the spread of reading novels.  Crazy
 That is a good idea.  There are only two more libraries than Mcdonalds.  Crazy
 Yes he did, did you know Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house? I wonder what was the reason?
 Yes maybe you're right, did you know secret service too four days to realize a bullet had struck the white house, what do you think about that?
 Yes it is like that. I got annoyed with it because of the glasses. I see there is a virtual reality option with basketball games now too. 
 Or when Tupac learned ballet in high school. I had no idea!
 I do, but I haven't in a long time. Do you know Tupac was a ballet dancer?
 Professional ballerinas go through tons of shoes! I would love to see a video of him in the Nutcracker!
 Pointe shoes are solid wood, too, so that shows you how hard they dance. Bruce Lee won dancing championships, too. 
 I know,  so hard to imagine Bruce Lee in a cha cha competition and winning! lol 
 It was way back in 1958
 There are SO many shows on TV these days. Over 750 episodes just of Pokemon!
 ah that is a great show!  I recently read there is only one episode that Bart Simpson doesnt appear in.  weird. 
 Occasionally. I can't believe it's been around 15 years already!
 Yeah time flies.  Facebook has grown so much,  it has so many uses now.  Businesses use it,  creating events,  getting people together,  advertising, etc. 
 It sure does. To think it was only for Harvard students, at first! Thanks for chatting!
 Yeah I agree with you. Speaking of dance, did you know that a professional ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes a week
 That's pretty interesting.  Sometimes the other skills of celebrities can be surprising.  Did you know that George Carlin narrated a bunch of Thomas the Tank Engine episodes?  I would have never guessed that.
 No I would have guessed that either, I want him to do dirty jokes that narrate a kids TV show lol
 No kidding.  His stand up was awesome.  Apparently Alec Baldwin has narrated a bunch of Thomas episodes as well.  I wonder if those had a bunch of yelling or Thomas losing his temper irrationally.  LOL.
 I've seen a lot of episodes, but never that one.  That has been an awesome show for many years.  It's amazing that they had an episode in which he wasn't even mentioned.
 Yeah that is amazing. Did you ever watch the show That 70s Show by the way? They tried to remake it in the UK but it got cancelled in only 10 episodes
 I guess that's what the UK thought of their version of the 70s show.  It was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 It must be a terrible remake then, did you know that home had 188 different jobs in the first 400 episodes of the series
 Yeah, and he's supposed to be lazy?  There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart doesn't appear or is mentioned.
 A llama?  He was very unique!  He and Bart Simpson were a pair - he even wrote do the Bartman
 Yes I love The Simpsons. I only like the earlier episodes though, I don't really like these later ones. Apparently they made an episode where Bart does not appear and he's not mentioned. It's probably boring because he's my favorite character haha
 I used to watch that show yes it was pretty good, but then they tried to make a remake of it in the UK. I think I was canceled after only like 10 episodes right?
 Haha yes. Apparently 40% of Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin. I wonder what they Play though because I can't think of much good Canadian music LOL
 No I can't say that I do. Although I haven't really listened to any. What about you? I know that there is an online resource where you can listen to probably thousands of those for free
 I do to some extent! I think they can be very interesting. Did you know in South Africa you can actually equip  your car with a flame thrower
 Yes that is true. Do you know a guy became a professional car racer after beating 90 000 people in the video game gran turismo
 I did not! That's certainly a good way to get inspiration. McDonald's actually was inspired by soldiers not being able to get out of their cars while in uniform, to create Drive-thrus!
 That is so much consideration right there. do you use your phone much?
 I wonder if they'll continue to increase over time. We might not be around to see it though. If all of Earth was seen as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent about a minute.
 That is cool how much things have progressed. An iPhone has more computing power than the whole us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Yeah, I remember having a rotary phone. Those took a long time to dial. NY's area code is 212 because it is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Haha, that would be cool but slightly annoying. I guess if I was around before 1908 I would be in better shape. Cars started to be available to the masses that year with the Model T.
 I have never seen a single episode of South Park. Bart Simpson's song "Do the Bartman" was wrote by Michael Jackson, he was everywhere when he was alive.
 Yes I do have a car. I drive it almost everyday to work. It's shocking that the drive through was invented in 1975. It seems very obvious to me
 Yes I think so. Did you hear about why the back of a car is called the trunk? It's because both cars used to use wooden Trunks and would haul stuff around in them in the back
 ha that iss interesting, maybe peopel put boots in the back lol
 Yes it's very fun. It's a video game and apparently a guy beat like 90,000 people and then became a professional race car driver so it has real world use
 They are also very powerful these days, just one iPhone has more CPU power than the entire USA nuclear deterrent system
 Yes I think so. What do you think about planet Earth? Apparently 80% of the natural force on our planet have been destroyed
 I get that, but mostly I think they control the people who upload those videos way too much, have you heard of the movie "the Nun"
 Ohh, I  see.  By any chance, did you know that google bought youtube for 1.65 billiions in 2006
 I knew they bought them in 2006 but thats dirt cheap compared to how much they make off of it now. wow.
 Hahaha.  did you know that youtube consumed as much as bandwidwdth as the entire internet in 2000
 I am sort of well versed but about the women wearing pants I think I heard about that recently. It makes sense though because they probably wanted women to wear skirts and dresses.
 Youtube is so expensive I never knew that did you? 
 How, do they make their money though?
 They make their money through commercials. Lots of people watching means lots of commercials. Youtube is the 2nd biggest search engine online. 
 Yes How about you?
 I think I should too. Maybe I'll go check one out now. We can chat about horror movies more later okay?
 I think you're right. I was just reading up on President Zimbabwe. It turns out he was sort of an Anthony Wiener.
 He is very vocal. Did . you hear what he said about Matt ryan?
 He said he was overrated. The guy has won an MVP!
 Youtube had to pull an ad for "The Nun" because it was terrifying
 Steven King said Bambi was the first horror movie he say. Thats silly
 Yeah maybe that was his inspiration. Or he wanted to go on a diet. Watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories
 Thats a lot of engineering going into tall that tech. Did you know average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than that of an average nfl player
 did you know that Trump wouldn't make the list of top 3 most wealthy us presidents? that is wild to me
 That is pretty wild. I looked it up recently and most presidents were millionaires. It's also wild to me that the only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson. 
 haha ya I do like that rule a lot, I would definitely want that implemented here, can you believe there was a panic in the 18th century from all the reading that was going on? Seems very silly and over reacting
 That is crazy, they must have really not wanted people to gain knowledge. It's crazy too that silent reading is a recent phenomenon, in the middle ages only the most skilled readers could read silently. Could you imagine those libraries! haha
 that is wild and yes I would love to read those! what is weird to me is that starship troopers is on the reading list of 3/5 military branches, like I saw the movie, its definitely not pro military
 That is pretty weird. I wouldn't think that would be on the list. 
 Hi, Did you know that YouTube originated with three guys from PayPal who later sold the site to Google?
 I saw that fact when I read the information and I was really surprised there was a connection between PayPal an YouTube. I guess it makes sense because they are both popular companies these days.
 I have some favorite viewing material on YouTube, but I never realized that it and Netflix peak internet viewing in North America.
 That's better than most of the junk on TV. We do the same with Pureflix. But did you know that YouTube advertised the Super Bowl. I think they must have sponsored the Super Bowl on YouTube.
 Ah, that makes sense. They do have a ton of stats, when they are calling the game. I was so surprised that they only actually play for 11 minutes! I guess that mean the commercials get more play time than the actual game.
 Yike! I still can't watch those. Isn't it interesting the Stephen King thought Bambi was a horror movie? I jsut thought it was super sad when the momma dear was killed.
 Right! Who knew watching horror movies would be a good weight loss activity!
 He may get burnt out for the time when he gets a chance at a higher level.  He's a great player though and had a no-hitter for the championship.
 Seems like more and more kids are pitching lots.  I wonder how their arms can tolerate it.
 Do you remember that 70's show?  I didn't care for it, but in the US it was popular.  However, I guess the UK viewers agreed with me because it was cancelled there after 10 episodes when they did a remake of it verbatim.
 I wonder if anyone watched all 750 episodes of "pokemon."  They'd be busy for a year watching every week about for 16 years.
 Another big money maker besides being an actor is baseball cards.  One man found 3 million dollars worth in his grandpa's attic.
 May have cost you.  Baseball is really popular in Japan too and some there don't even realize it is so popular also in the US
 I hope not.  Hopefully, baseball lives on especially since one couple devoted 24 years of their lives to scheduling all the games  played over those years with 2430 games to be exact.  Nice chatting!
 Hi do you know that baseball is so popular in Japan
 How do you mean?
 Daisuke threw 881 pitches over 2 weeks 
 DO you know that baseball coaches wear iuniform because they an play if needed
 pokemon maybe  but its like 750 episodes .. huge task to complete
 That's pretty wild! I had no idea he made that much.
 Yeah he said because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity. I like him better in comedies anyways.
 Yeah that is kind of cool! Michael Caine became an actor because in his high school because all of the prettiest girls were in drama class. I guess it's a good thing he didn't become a cheerleader.
 Well, he might have a different perspective I guess. Ellie Kemper was Jon Hamm's student right? I love her on The Office!
 That's horrible, there's still people in the South that does it. I'm sad to say that I've been to chicken fights when I was a kid.
 Did you know that the original NES could only display 54 colors?
 I loved playing my NES when I was a kid, but I couldn't imagine playing it now. 
 That's really cool. Billy Nye got his break in entertainment by winning a Steve Martin Lookalike Contest.
 That's wild. I guess he showed them.
 Yeah I watch sometimes. That's a crazy amount of money.
 Yeah, it is. Weird how Michael Caine only became an actor, because all the pretty girls were in drama.
 I think a lot of actors were former teachers. It's hilarious that Hollywood once thought Regan wasn't presidential looking, and rejected him for a movie role.
 That's pretty ironic. Are you a Jim Carrey fan? I wonder why he doesn't star in any dramas.
 I am not. I'm a gamer. I still can't believe it took until 2003 for Nintendo to discontinue the NES.
 I would have thought it would have been sooner. I recently learned that the NES could only display different 54 colors at once. I found that surprising.
 Yeah I think that's how he was discovered. Quite strange.
 Not as strange as when Caesar found out the Brits bred chickens for entertainment, not food.
 Yeah, Japanese fans are often surprised to find out that baseball is considered America's national pastime.
 I like baseball. I always wondered why managers dressed like the players. I guess that's so they can technically play if the need comes up.
 I like the SF Giants because I am from there. I used to like baseball a lot more so much that I used to collect baseball cards. A man found three million dollars worth in his attic!
 Is that a team in the US or abroad? In Japan many fans are surprised to know that baseball is American's national pastime.
 I'm not too into football but it's amazing how much it has developed. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 I feel like the emmy's lowered their standards. Am I right?
 Haha yeah, sounds like it. Seems like football players have gotten better and better over the years. Benjarvus Green Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 Wow, that's crazy! Like the cubs winning back-to-back championships!
 Oh! I didn't know Spinney was being replaced. I can't imagine another Oscar, but Grover was always funny, so I bet Jacobson will do it well.
 That's a good point. Since it's been on so long, people have grown up with it. Spinney has probably voice acted for multiple generations throughout their lives!
 Don't know.  He was once orange though.  I didn't realize Jim Henson created Sesame Street.  I knew he did muppets. 
 About average I guess.  I liked the Simpsons.  Only one of their many episode didn't have Bart or no mention of him.
 Yes.  Some birds bones weigh less than their feathers.
 Birds in Australia can mimic the sounds of chainsaws and car alarms. 
 Did you know it's legal in S. Africa to have a flame-thrower on your car?
 To prevent carjacking.  I prefer McDonald's where the drive thru was invented to help soldiers. 
 I used to love watching Sesame Street myself! How about you? I was surprised to find out Caroll Spinney was the performer behind both Big Bird as well as Oscar the Grouch!
 For sure me too, I can't really remember what it was all about, I wasn't sure if kids today still watched it or not. Jim Henson sure was a genius back in the 60s. 
 Bart sure was a rebel that liked the attention. I never knew there were 750 episodes of Pokemon, I love that show.
 I wonder what the 70s were like in the UK haha, That was 50 episodes a year for 16 straight years, thats crazy for a cartoon show.
 That was pretty funny, hopefully they all laughed about it. Who was your favorite south park character?
 I did not know that, Baldwin is hilarious with his trump impersonations. You big into cars?
 That's crazy. McDonald's added a drive-thru for soldiers who can't get out of their cars while in uniform. That was pretty cool to find out.
 Very cool, would never have guessed that. Jann Mardenborough beat 90000 people in a video game and became a race car driver, that's pretty cool too.
 Tons of talent for sure, that'd be crazy, birds are pretty cool as well. Go from a hummingbird to an ostrich!
 I wonder if Jim ever made a dodo bird. Speaking of which, did you know they were actually a sub-family of pigeons? That's surprising, Isn't it?
 Very surprising to say the least. I might spend the rest of the evening listening to some Johnny Cash music, he's a famous musician if you were not aware.
 Woah, that just blew my mind!
 Oh wow, I never would have guessed that, crazy how small a hummingbird is, 2 inches!
 It is,  did you know Nba player allen iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with reebok in 2001 that would pay him $800,000 a year until he reaches age 55 to where he would then receive a final lump sum payment of $32,000,000.
 Yeah I think I read that recently. In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 i wonder if they play in the shire? lol 
 Yes, I see that.  He was involved in a car accident with a Dodge Charger!
 Yes, He's around 20, but my goodness his measurements  are unbelieveable!
 It is a real risk especially considering the amount of money they could be passing up.  Look at Allen Iverson who worked out such a good deal with Reebok that he gets $800k per year and when he reaches 55 he gets a final payment of $32 M!
 I was aware of that, but not until well after I stated driving.  I guess if I had learned in South Africa, I would know how to put a flame thrower on it because it is legal there as a carjacking deterrent!
 The american basketball team, the Washington Generals, played the Harlem Globetrotters! Oh my. Googles self driving cars have an aggressive mode, that's scary! Great chat!!
 It is probably more of a surprise that the Generals ever won!  Lol!
 did you know that dogs have 12 different blood types?
 ya and apparently there are dog blood drives where different dogs can come and donate blood too
 maybe that's part of the reason why I like google! yes I'm definitely a dog person I don't see the appeal of cats
 haha I wonder if an elephant would make a good pet then, when I was a kid I wanted a Pokemon as a pet, apparently there are over 750 episodes now, I would never be able to catch up!
 haha yes Pikachu would be awesome! did you ever watch That 70's show? I guess they tried to remake it for English audiences but it was quickly cancelled haha
 ya it was pretty cool, I can't believe they let George Carlin do some narration on there, like he is definitely known for a filthy mouth haha
 ya I guess in the Simpsons there is only one episode where Bart is neither mentinoed nor does he appear in the actual episode, like did they just forget about him?
 He's some reality show star that lives in the woods. It's hard to believe cars have been around since 1886. Such a long time!
 Very much so!  Oh my... did you see they have dog blood drives?
 Not sure potato chips are good for dogs!  LOL
 you too... good chat
 Do you like to watch basketball?
 Yeah, and interesting that Nike paid the fine so that Jordan would wear them anyway during each game.
 That is really interesting. Yea, it seems like men's sports are more popular. It would be fascinating to watch Reggie Miller's sister play, or the two of them play each other!
 I like seeing basketball players dunk too. Dunking was banned in college basketball for over a decade because of Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
 That's cool, too bad the drive thrus have made me and other Americans a bit lazy. Haha.
 He was great!  James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, is the only losing coach in the university of Kansas's history. I am not sure if it is true though.
 Yeah I like Allen Iverson's deal he gets 800.000 a year from reebok until he turns 55
 I know.. That's crazy that granny form is more reliable.
 Yeah. did you know that Air Jordan's were banned upon introduction by the nab?
 I'm doing well, thank you! Did you know that there were over 750 episodes of Pokemon?!
 I hear all that clicking can be addictive, measurable in fact.
 Did you know you can get internet at the top of Mount Everest, I guess people need to take selfies when they get to the top.
 I did not know that! That's pretty interesting! Only 7% of people read the full terms when buying products on the internet. I never read the entire terms. 
 I like allen iverson.
 he did and they pay his a lot of money each year and then after 55 he gets a lump sum of $32000000
 I would take half of that! Naismith doesn't seem to be a good coach...
 yet he invented the sport. go figure
 yeah he is the guy that used the dunk move so much that they banned it
 I did know that. Many people get angry about it but I am fine with it. Theres a basketball court on the top floor of the sepreme court.
 Not sure, is it the pointing thing? I didn't know that dogs drank with the underside of their tongue.
 Yeah, that's interesting. I love cats too! I knew my dog knew what I said to him. I didn't know they can learn over 1000 words!
 Cats too! Really, I talk to them all the time. I'm told they don't know what I'm saying. I tell them I love them all the time! lol
 Not as much anymore. I am more on the internet. I look up any TV that I'm interested in. I still have cable but rarely use it.  Homer Simpson held 188 jobs in 400 episodes! lol
 Thank god for that! lol Great night!
 I don't really know much about it. I'm amazed that you can get 3g cell service and Internet on the top of Everest.
 Yes, and I'm all USA.  Wow, there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 I know! If you weren't into it when it started you'd never catch up. There are even more pokemon episodes then Simpsons episodes!
 I'd rather watch the Simpsons.  I need to see the one episode that doesn't have or mention Bart.
 It's a Patty and Selma episode. It's weird he didn't make an appearance though. 
 I am now. I didn't one time and it turned out I agreed to some crazy $99 activation fee. I only found out when I got the bill.
 Yes dogs are smart! They are the only animals besides elephants that understand pointing instinctively. Well I guess humans do too lol.
 Hmm I'm not sure. I can't say I really knew that. I'll ask my vet next week when I go for a checkup.
 hi i'm good, did you know that airplane travelling is ten percent slower than it was in the 1960's?
 The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to go 160 mph! Wow...
 Iceland has no public rail service. They fly to travel between towns. Seems really inefficient.
 ya I don't know about that that seems like an annoyance, also annoying would be transporting rabbits like they used to do on old ships, they would release them so there was food for future explorers on the islands haha
 ya that is too bad, it would be bad to kill the native animals and plants for sure, have you ever used airbnb? I guess theres a site like that, but instead of renting rooms you kind of rent a couch to crash on haha
 ya I do, I wanted the patriots to win the superbowl and they did, I didn't know that the nfl puts chips in the footballs actually to track the speed stats of the ball
 Yeah, I was surprised to see him do so poorly. I wanted them to win too
 Yes I heard that exact comment before.  What did you think about the summit between Trump and Kim?
 Well, some think it gave Kim Jong Un more power and legitimized an untrustworthy leader.
 Rodman visits North Korea and even visited Singapore wearing a PotCoin T-shirt and seems to have boosted the crytocurrency surge.  
 Did you know that as far as education, the only president with a phD is woodrow wilson in the U.S.
 Yes, and Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for inauguration.  Surprisingly, John Wilkes Booth was in the photo.  So much for selfies.
 If you want to be president in Guatemala, you cannot run if you are a close relative of former presidents.
 I agree, another great player was Reggie Miller, he was a force on the Pacers team back in the day.
 I wonder if Reebok makes that much off him each year?
 Only 6 years ago did she take the helm of the dc food pantry!
 Apparently she was able to calm down the child!
 I did not know that best buy and target will start to price match amazon.
 Amazon also has a site that sells returned and like-new items with discounts!
 ya they are, hard to believe they started back in 1994, that seems so long ago
 ya I agree, I should get a job at their warehouse, you walk about 15 miles a day thats a great workout
 I like that too, it's so convenient. They also invented the one-click buying feature. So fast and hassle free.
 ya thats a great idea, kind of like buying imdb back in 1998
 ah that is very nice, did you know the first buyer on amazon had a building names after him for doing so?
 Hmm? That is interesting and no I didn't know that fact. I was recently reading about interesting facts about the president and the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR. wow.
 ya it was jefferson washington and jfk, you'd think trump would be though right!
 Amazing. I bet Amazon employees are working hard 24/7, even on Sundays. I think they walk up to 15 miles per shift.
 Probably. Did you know that Amazon holds a patent on 1-click buying and apple pays them licensing fees?
 Yeah, I guess our President isn't even the wealthiest president, so he probably needs a good deal!
 I may have to look into it. I'm all about a great deal! I guess the first Amazon customer spent less than 30 dollars and got a building named after him. I wish that were me!
 That is true.    Can you believe it was founded less than 25 years ago!
 They have changed everything.    They even created their own font!
 That is true.    Can you believe it has been nearly a century since a US president could fluently speak a foreign language!
 That is amazing.    What is more crazy is that John Wilkes Booth is in Lincoln's inauguration photo!
 No I didn't know that.  What a great little tidbit I learned today.  It's amazing that the warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their daily shift.  Did you know that Amazon has a contract with the USPS?
 I didn't know the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House.
 Did you know the Washington was one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history?  I would never have guessed that.
 And the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office...Wow!  He's pretty talented.
 What! That is the wildest fact of them all i think!
 Can you believe when Earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long!!
 hey did you know that a creed concert was so horrible that people filed a lawsuit against them?
 haha I have to look it up, I hope so but I wouldn't hold my breathe, they did a lot of crazy stuff in the 70's, I can't belive Linkin Park played 324 concerts in a year thats almost 1 per day
 Yea that is a lot but not as much as the Ramones playing 2,263 concerts in 20 years, that's insane
 ya I heard that that amphitheater is still in use, I wonder if the acoustics are really good and if they allow drinking and such, it seems like drunk people might damage the ruins?
 ya that is true, did you know that Michael Caine only became an actor to chase girls? I guess the prettiest girls were all in the acting classes
 He played some brilliant roles as well, however, I've watched some of his interviews lately and he seemed kind of different. He will not participate in drama movies anymore because he will only do positive roles.
 Yes I listen to the radio sometimes. I wish I could make my own Foxxhole radio though, all you need is a razor blade and a pencil apparently
 That would be cool, I listen to radio sometimes on my way to work, therefore I just listen to whatever they have on. There is a law in Canada that require radio station to play Canadian music and it has to be at least 40% of what is being played. 
 glad I don't live in canada! I would like to listen to a jupiter storm on the radio, you can pick it up on the right AM channel apparently
 oh Lord, that must be very scary, but yeah going to to drama, there is a website where they have classic drama episodes and you can listen to those for free.
 wow I should check that out, do you listen to classical latin btw? there is  aradio station that does all their news in that language
 Probably not, Linkin park had the most successful concerts ever back in the early 2000's. in 2001, they have played in 324 concert. 
 Incredible amount of concerts, The Ramones have a crazy amount too, they did 2200 in about 20 years
 Yes I think you're right. If you are a singer would you ever put on a concert for an empty crowd? thats what pink floyd did in 1972
 I think it's about Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and her struggle to become a Supreme Court Justice, but I have not seen it yet
 I watch YouTube all the time. It probably has the trailer sure, do you know that YouTube was first purchased for a little under 2 billion dollars
 Yep they're definitely Genie says! It's amazing that if you make an account you can upload an unlimited number of videos to the platform
 Yep and Google is definitely number one, and Google owns them, so they definitely owned the number one and number two biggest search engines LOL
 That is interesting, also interesting that Justin Bieber's baby song is the most disliked video on YouTube you think that it would be something like Al-Qaeda or something else like disappointing LOL
 No I never heard about that. I think people also got crazy with Psy's Gangnam Style video, it was so popular that Google had to upgrade the YouTube website to 64-bits
 No I didn't know that. Have you seen that episode? I just know about the fact that the Simpsons creators love South Park because they made fun of Family Guy once
 Did you know that the second largest website is Youtube due to the net worth?
 Wow, that is surprising.  It makes sense because it gets a lot of traffic and Google has been able to develop it.  Do you know who founded the company or where it is located?
 I used to be a Justin Bieber fan. However, did you know that one of his songs had negative outlooks in the social media life.
 Wow!  100 million to keep "Friends" for only one year.  I used to watch "Friends" when it was on tv.   Speaking of TV did you know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have all narrated Thomas the Tank Engine for at least 52 episodes each?
 Im not sure but it would be interesting to find out.
 I wish I had founded and sold it!  It seems like everyone uses YouTube.
 To say nothing of the live streams and agreements with other media corporations.  It's no wonder it is the second largest search engine on the net.
 So you don't like any dramas?
 I enjoy plays, operas, ballets and things like that.
 Hi, Yes I did. I learned that on a trip to DC where I toured the White House. They didn't let us in the guest house though.
 LOL. You know I am really surprised Trump is not one of the 3 wealthiest presidents in US history. He must be cash poor. Of course with no tax return who knows how much he really has.
 Trump would find a way to market it and make money off it too. Maybe they could live together in the white house too.
 True! Did you know the white house still uses floppy disks! At least they are 3.5 ones not the really old 5.25 ones.
 I'm surprised Al Gore didn't force Clinton to put the Solar Panels back on the White House
 LOL. You'd think those disks would give out sooner or later. I wonder where they are even getting new ones these days.
 You know i have heard that. If i recall the oval office desk has a twin as well somewhere.
 Yeah I wonder who the richest were? I think Jefferson was rich. But get this, One of the other guys who tried to break in had a Yorkshire terrier on him and two book bags filled with clothes.
 That is funny I wonder if they are any good. i have heard the first phone number of the white house was "1"
 I have heard that A 17 year old female pitcher was banned from professional baseball after she struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig in succession..
 A cool three million dollars! I bet the guy couldn't believe his luck. Baseball is popular in Japan, too, so popular that many of those people don't even realize that the sports started in the US. Can youse believe it?
 It was sad! Anyway, Isn't it hard to believe Trump isn't even in the top 3 wealthiest presidents of all time? I suppose they measure by inflation as Washington, Jefferson and JFK were the wealthiest!
 I wonder if they are any good. The guest house is bigger than the white house? I haven't seen the guest house, have you?
 Can you imagine Trump and HiIlary trying to pass legislation?
 Heck, I can't believe it took the secret service four days to notice bullets hit the White House on November 11th back in 2011!
 Speaking of the White House, did you know it actually has twin buildings in both France and Ireland! Crazy, Isn't it?
 Really! I wonder if they are more updated. Ours still runs on floppy disk.
 Good question. I guess floppy disks are considered a pastime like baseball. Can't believe the Japanese were surprised to learn baseball was our national pastime!
 I'm actually surprised by Jefferson being on that list, he wasn't very wealthy when he died. Actually, it's kind of interesting that until 1805, the vice president was the runner up in the presidential election. That would be crazy today! 
 Same here. The top 3 wealthiest presidents were Jefferson, JFK, and Washington.
 Not Trump? I guess we will not know until he releases his tax returns.
 I bet he will be on the list soon. The first president of Zimbabwe was named president banana.
 The guest house is bigger than the real white house. Who knew!
 HAHA! That's crazy it's bigger. I would have never imagined that.
 I love baseball as well. Managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play if ever needed.
 That's hilarious! I would love to find that much money in baseball cards.
 I would too. Kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada.
 Agreed. Baseball is very popular in Japan I heard.
 :) Did you know the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France? I would love to see those!
 True! Did you know that it took 4 days for the secret service to see where the white house had been shot at? Really?
 apparently nothing! I would feel so insecure there. Althought I did read that George Bush had solar panels put on the white house. Thank goodness someone is trying to save money there!
 No, I didn't very cool! I didn't know pilgrim wore color? Though they wore a lot of black and white?
 I know, I have never seen a lot of color. That's weird! Wonder why Rip Curl allows China on their clothes?
 lol, could be. Bet that store in Alabama is full!
 Pretty scary, Wooden trunks is why we call the back of the cars, trunk? never knew that!
 Yes, I guess you would be in a foxhole! 
 Yes, that's very exciting!!Can't imagine beating 90,000 people in a video game. Great chat!!
 Isn't that weird question mark also weird the White House still uses floppy Drive somehow. Why don't they use USB drives!
 Did you know the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France as well? I don't know why you would go there when you could go to the real thing haha
 No, have you ever been to one of them? Seems sort of weird. 
 They sure do. I like Teddy Roosevelt a lot but I think it's weird that he banned Christmas trees from the White House when he was serving as president
 JFK, Washington and Jefferson. That has to be on an inflation adjusted basis. 
 That's what I'm thinking. I do think Trump is probably in there but I just don't know haha did you know the president of Zimbabwe is called president banana?
 Yeah I don't know. Don't you think it's weird that the guest house is bigger than the White House itself. Like how is that possible. Why wouldn't Trump do something about it haha
 I can't imagine how that's possible but it was a very good idea on their parts. In Canada, it's a law that at least 40% of the music played be Canadian. How odd. 
 That's so cool! Do you know of any radio dramas? That reminds me of podcasts, so many of which are available on Spotify now. I wonder if they're similar in content!
 I was surprised to learn that cars have existed for over 150 years having started with a patent in Germany in 1886.  I will avoid you on special occasions. LOL
 That is a very politically correct answer... LOL  Yeah... he's  a hard pill to swallow for sure!
 Ooooooo... I love that idea... i would vote yes on that... LOL
 That's a lot of shows. The Ramones played a total of 2263 concerts. WOW!
 I got an interesting article about Trump,
 The scriptures certainly do say that we should not be overcome by evil but rather overcome evil with good.  Clinton said the same thing in 95!
 The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 Well, we certainly have come to expect the president to make a speech after a tragedy even though there is nothing in the Constitution requiring it.
 Yes we do. Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 How fascinating!  Thanks for the talk!
 They would probably applaud for the most part.  I find it amazing that Jefferson cut out the supernatural parts of the Bible.
 Hello,  how are you ? The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 I feel like that's not updated and untrue.  Trump has got to be the wealthiest President. 
 Maybe it was relative to their time? The president's guest house is supposedly bigger than the White House. 
 I know right!  Thats where President Banana will stay when he visits. 
 Haha. The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. Imagine Trump releasing a pop album.
 oh geez,  I can't...I just can't lol Do you like animals? There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth.
 Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
 That's pretty neat. I wonder why that happens? 1 million of the species are insects! Yuck!
 ewww. In 2002, germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights.
 Wow. We have a hard time giving humans constitutional rights! The study of animals is called zoology. 
 Hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs.
 Interesting! In Scotland, the Loch Ness monster is a protected species!
 Thats awesome!  Also,  I wouldn't mind having gills if it meant I could swim longer. 
 Animals range in length from 8.5 millionths of a metre to 33.6 metres. That's a big range!
 Sure is.  Nice talking to you,  have a good one, 
 Interesting to learn more about Tondo. There population of 200,000 people or more
 They seem to pass their time on the streets 
 Interesting to learn that the wealthiest presidents were jfk, Washington and Jefferson
 I would agree, does not sound good. The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 I have no idea, but very funny. I also thought knowing indonesia's president has released 3 pop albums 
 That seems strange to me even before or after holding office but the fact that he did that while in office is mind blowing. 
 I would agree with you . I thought it was interesting that the wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy it
 agreed. I also did not know that 86 percent of the land in nevada is owned by the government 
 That's surprising. But a lot of it is uninhabitable desert. I wonder is it's protected lands and that's why.
 maybe, I like that someone sold the eiffel tower twice
 interesting. I like how norwegians wanted to help save the amazon rainforest. 
 I can understand why. I like how the loch ness monster is a protected species 
 I definitely agree but its true 
 Smoking near an Apple computer voids their warranty, by making it a biohazard. Not sure if it is the same for an iPhone
 Someone built a computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks. Not sure what that really means since I don't use Minecraft.
 No, I haven't. It seems kind of boring. Computers have progressed so much though. The space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1 mb of ram.
 I'm not sure either. What i do know is we should not go back to the way it was before 1805, where the runner up automatically became vice president.
 Yeah, I would totally be glued to the TV!
 I'm not sure. I didn't know the laws around searching through documents, did you know that if the authorities are trying to find a rifle, they can open large cases (like a guitar) but can't look at folders for example.
 really? who knew! the government has so much power. the government was able to pass legislation to prevent govt employees from getting in trouble for violating the geneva conventions!
 No idea! i'm not that technically savvy. I just upped the RAM on my computer at work though and i thought it was so high but then i just learned that the space shuttle's computer has 1 MB!!!
 Hilarious, that is actually kind of scary though, isn't it? 
 Maybe, i think Trump would do it in a second too because he thinks his brain is so powerful. Did you know the president of indonesia released 2 pop albums? I'm not sure if that's crazier than a reality star becoming our president
 I don't know. I"m very curious!! I wonder if he made a lot of money. I didnt know the top three richest presidents were jfk, washington and jefferson. I'm shocked that trump isn't on that list.
 Did you know monaco eliminated income tax in 1869?
 I think most of it is BLM that rents it out to farmers and ranchers.  Mostly ranchers.  There is some con man in France that has sold the Eiffel Tower twice!  
 Ha!  I would like to see one of those.  I can't believe the Space Shuttle's general purpose computer only had 1MB of RAM.
 That would be a good conversation piece. Someone also made a 16-bit computer with Minecraft blocks.  I prefer my good ol' laptop...
 Speaking of presidents.  Woodrow Wilson is the only one with a PHD
 I would think there would be more.  Thanks, you were a great chat partner!
 No, I did not. That is crazy. I usually do not think of the government as land owners. 
 I find it inspiring and uplifting when you hear about the government giving back. In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 bn to help save the amazon rainforest. 
 I am not sure what that means. But I know Minecraft is a popular game. 
 Yeah I could see that. I also never knew that he was colorblind and that is the reason that Facebook is blue
 thats an interesting factoid. 
 Did you know that Iceland is writing their constitution on Facebook. People can make suggestions and also alter it on the Facebook page.
 their paid content can be out of hand. I usually ignore the ads.
 heck yeah. I think its crazy that blockbuster didn't take them seriously. 
 Nope Blockbuster definitely made a big mistake there. Chance to buy them for 50 million and now Netflix is worth over 2 billion. Very sad
 I think that's a good strategy actually. I think it's funny that Netflix was started because the guy had a late copy of Apollo 13. That's a solid movie
 I think i fell asleep when i watched it. i'm glad that they have so many movies with good rotten tomatoes ratings.
 it is wild how much it is watched compared to traditional tv. 
 Very true! Just like this! Have you cut the cord on cable?
 Me too. Netflix has 137 million subscribers.
 I'm surprised they still mail DVD's. They spend more on that then anything else.
 I know it's still going strong though. In Iceland they even use it to help them modify the constitution!
 For only $72 million! I bet they have regrets!
 Yeah, and now they are available worldwide except in a few countries where I presume it isn't allowed.
 I do. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington.
 I didn't know that! I wonder if the Indonesian president is super wealthy since he released 3 pop albums in office.
 Haha...can you imagine if Trump was a pop star?
 That is very fast. All of Japan's highways are tolls and it would cost roughly $300 to cross the country.
 Thank you. I always thought it was too. Did you know it's actually white?
 LOL - I didn't realize a lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun!
 It surprises me that a lightning bolt is actually hotter than the surface of the sun. How can we survive lightning bolts then?
 I mean the sun produces enough energy to meet earth's energy needs of 500 years in 1 second. to have more energy than that, lightning is amazing
 True. I mean space is so vast that Neptune will complete its full first orbit since its discovery in 1846 in 2011. Nearly 200 years!
 Yeah, 2005 is not that long ago but I cannot imagine home repairs without it. 
 No, I am so thankful for it just for that reason. I am shocked that it is the second largest search engine online. 
 Ha ha, I must admit that I have been sucked into cat videos myself. I knew Google would be first but YouTube still surprises me since we have things like Yahoo and Bing also. 
 Every once in a while one of his more popular songs will pop up on my gym playlist on spotify, and I wont change it. It makes me sad.... At least they probably play it in canada since 40% of all music is required to be canadian!
 That's pretty strong. Soliders called simple radios made out of razorblades and pencil as foxhole radios. How do they come up with this stuff?
 Yes things have changed greatly. There is also a news station that has a program entirely in Latin. I have no idea why they have a program in a dead language. 
 No I can't imagine being interested in something that unnecessary. A little off topic but did you know that YouTube and Netflix combined make up half of the peak traffic in North Amerca?!
 Haha! So there's a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free. Not sure if that would interest me either.
 Netflix and Youtueb together make up half of peak internet raffic. Admittedly I contribute to that.
 Psys Gangnam Style nearly broke Youtubes counter!  They had to update the amount of digits views were allowed.
 They spend more on postage than bandwidth. That seems weird since they do not send out a lot of DVDs anymore.
 I'm not at all surprised! We're always streaming something. It surprises me that they still have a DVD rental arm- but it doesn't surprise me that they spend more on postage than on bandwidth. Postage is expensive!
 It could be. I can't think of any of my friends who DON'T have Netflix at the moment. With 58.46 million subscribers in the US alone, it seems like everyone has it.
 Right! And where is Blockbuster now? They made a terrible choice. But who knew that streaming would blow up like it did? Plus, never having to leave the house to rent a movie was a genius business idea. No late fees, no having to put on pants.
 It was so cutting edge, despite only being able to display 54 colors.
 Yeah! It was the coolest thing ever.  Now we're just so fancy. In Britain, they used to keep chickens for entertainment. And, to be fair, they're super entertaining. But Nintendo is slightly more entertaining.
 The combo of little kids AND small animals is my favorite. Now, little kids and small animals, watching Pokemon may be the best. They made over 750 episodes!
 I do! It's mostly out of habit at this point. I prefer Bob's Burgers, honestly. 
 I love him. He's got such a distinctive voice. He was on Dr. Katz for ages. I wonder if they could get H Jon Benjamin to narrate Thomas The Tank? If it's good enough for Ringo and George Carlin, it's good enough for him!
 I find that really interesting! And to think blockbuster declined to buy it for only 50 million.
 Its very interesting. People are need entertainment to get out from their stress and to become happier.
 Ya, but he what he did was wrong.  I still like Netflix.  They have released over 700 original shows at this point.  A true powerhouse!
 In my experience some has been great, but some have been boring. I guess that is why they have a subscriber base of more than 137 million people around the world.
 HaHa.  This is true.  Ever watch the show Thomas the tank engine?  Ringo Starr narrated some of the episodes.  As did George Carlin and Alec Baldwin!
 I have not, but lets talk about Netflix. They spend a lot of money on postage, even more then bandwidth 
 Yeah they do, from 9PM to 12am Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America!
 interesting, in north America paired with youtube they account for half of the peak internet traffic 
 That's pretty interesting. Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix after racking up a $40 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13. Good movie, but not worth that.
 I wonder how much Blockbuster regrets not buying Netflix when they had the chance for 50 million. 
 That's crazy to think, but it was so fun. I was bummed when they discontinued it in 2003 in Japan. I was stationed there then and actually bought one of the last models. 
 awesome, Bill nye won a Steve martin lookalike contest , that's how he got his big break 
 I can see that. Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn't think he had "that presidential look," he sure showed them.
 They used to bread chickens for entertainment not food in Britain around 50bc
 That's pretty interesting, chickens are pretty funny animals. It's weird to think of what people did for entertainment before television.
 Lets talk about television next, many famous people have voiced Thomas the tank engine including Ringo Starr
 George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have both narrated it too, they've all done it for at least 52 episodes each.
 Bart is in almost all episodes of the Simpsons, there is only one he is not mentioned or appears. 
 Yep, it's an episode call "4 Great Women and a Manicure," and it was actually the first episode broadcast on Fox Network in 2009. 
 Pokemon is a great show and it has over 750 episodes in total. 
 Wow, that's like 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight!
 the 70's show did not do well in the UK, it was cancelled after 10 episodes 
 Really? My son used to love them when he was little...they when he was older he was watching South park...lol
 i believe it, did you know blockbuster declined offer to buy for 50 mil & now netflix worth 2 bil
 wow,  netflix and youtube make up half peak internet traffic in North America
 yeah, funny and netflix has racked up billions of debt with their original shows
 funny, and bill nye got his break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest
 true, how about ronald reagan being rejected for a role because he did not have the presidential look
 i believe that, there are 750 episodes of pokemon, 50 a year for 16 years
 true, 70's show did not make it in the uk, cancelled after 10 episodes
 I have a subscription, but don't watch it that often. I can't believe it's been around for over 20 years, since 1997!
 All because the founder was upset about a late fee on a VHS rental! Pretty amazing company he built because of that!
 I heard he was willing to sell for only $50 million, they really missed out by refusing that deal!
 I guess it's no surprise Blockbuster went out of business, then. I didn't realize how popular Netflix actually is, but they are in almost every country. 
 Yeah! Over 58 million just in the US. That's a lot of subscribers!
 I didn't know that! They have so many interesting shows and movies, especially the original content you can't watch anywhere else!
 That's amazing! They've been making their own stuff since 2012, which I also didn't know until recently. 
 Oh, really? That is odd. Between them and Youtube, they take up a lot of internet traffic! Over half in of it in North America
 I watch some old reruns on regular TV. Did you know Bart Simpson is only missing from one episode of the Simpsons?
 Netflix is huge now. I believe there are 60 million in the United States! Strange that it only expanded into Canada back in 2010
 Haha that could be. I can't believe Netflix uses 1/3 of all bandwidth in North America that is so much!
 Yep, about 20 times more on postage than on bandwidth. Can you believe that Blockbuster declined to buy them back in the day?
 Haha yeah they made a huge error. Crazy that Netflix went from 50 million valuation to 2 billion. That's insane!
 Oh that's great. I really like to show back in the day! Did you know that the first Netflix exclusive series that they produced was called Lilyhammer? I've never heard of it
 I played them both many years ago and also now haha. The original Nintendo could only display 54 colors. We never seem to mind though haha
 Yep I agree. Hard to believe that system was around until 2003.
 Do you study history at all? When Caesar visited Britain they were using chickens as entertainment. That sounds really lame haha
 I guess the show released in the Uk and it was the same script and got cancelled after 10 episodes,  weird.  No,  I didnt hear about the rom com?  what happened?
 Its about this guy he seems totally normal,  meets a girl in a book store,  automatically likes her just from one meeting and instead of just asking her out,  he stalks her,  he watches her with other guys,  steals her phoneand breaks into her apartment and stuff.  They bump into each other again,  eventually start dating and fall in love.  But he still does those creepy things when hes not with her,  but when he is with her he is completely normal and charming!!!
 That's so creepy!!! I could not imagine that level of psychopathy! That's basically schizophrenia... And to think I thought I was weird for looking at photos of the girls who dumped me as I threw them away.
 It's been a while since I've seen the Simpsons, are they still running on air? I like Shark Tank a lot too, but most of those deals are never followed through!
 I think they still are. And of all these years, there was only one episode Bart didn't appear in. crazy.
 Oh wow, I think in the first hundred episodes, Homer held various jobs, more than a hundred! If that were the real world, either he would be considered a hustler or an entrepreneur.
 Yeah exactly. And the simpson crew apparently gave flower to south park when they aired their family episode finale
 Humans are interesting creatures especially in space because humans can't burp in zero gravity environments.
 Hahaha that is so cool. And when you think about it we have not been around for that long either.
 Oh my, that is so true. I wonder what is the closest we can get to cheetahs in terms of running since we used to hunt and have that ability too
 Oh my goodness, I really do not like that one. I wonder what that frequency is.
 Apparently we as humans have lost  body hair very recently, like 240 000 years ago.
 That's a scary thing, I don't want to go bald, I don't think my head shape can pull off the bald look as well as Jason Statham but our fingers contain no muscles and are controlled by muscles in the arm!
 That's why they wear uniforms!  I think Pete Rose was the last player/manager who actually played, and could still play.  Before the whole banned for life deal....
 For sure!  Pretty sure Sean McVey (Rams Coach) is younger than the majority of sports fans that will be watching the Super Bowl.  The youth in the front offices are changing the game, hot stove league is a joke now.  But I think without the youth taking over, the sport (most sports) would devolve and fade away
 Yes they do, they just switch back and forth. The baseball cards had been hidden since the 1940's and were from the 1900's. They were worth three million dollars!
 No I would not say that Homer is a good role model. That show has been on forever and there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned. 
 I am well thank you. Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are allowed to play for their team if they need to? That would be very interesting to see. 
 Me either. Also, kickball is also called soccer-baseball in Canada. How confusing is that?
 Apparently the library of Alexandria has the copy. I don't understand how they house it. 
 Wow, a lot of work for only one couple dont you think
 But there are many advatanges like getting to narrate Thomas the Tank Engine shows!
 Yes.    Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid drama actor ever for that show!
 True, but it is not the highest amount for acting on TV.     Did you know the term drama can be found in ancient Greece!
 He is a famous actor, but joined the profession to meet pretty girls.
 You know what I cannot respect?    Internet addiction.    I heard it is a real thing.
 Perhaps I will go find mine!      Have a good day, and remember that there is 3G service at the peak of Mount Everest, so there is no escape!
 hey I'm good, did you know that dolphins can communicate though phones and understand each otehr?
 Yes I agree with you, I use it all the time, what I didn't know is that humans are a minority on the internet it is mostly made up of bots
 ah interesting, have you ever been to finland? I guess everyone there has a constitutional right to internet service
 Talk about socialism! Who'd have thunk that 30 years ago, the internet would be a god given right...
 haha I don't know, but in 2001 they were the 4th biggest website in the world and appeared higher in search engines than google itself
 It certainly will! Ha! What's even crazier is a day was only 5.5 hours long when earth was initially formed. We would get nothing accomplished if that was the case today. 
 Ha! That would make a good fantasy story. And speaking of fantasy, can you believe that only a single fold in our brains makes the difference between how we perceive reality and fantasy? That's wild, isn't it?
 It is a skill to be that bad...  football has changed over the years.  in the 60's top bowlers made as much as top football stars.
 It seems like a lot. Also a lot, is Dema Norway donated to help save the rainforest. A billion dollars! That is so much money
 Yes I do pay attention to my fashion. I also wear clothes everyday LOL what about you? Apparently the pilgrims did not only wear black clothes, that was just for special occasions, most of their clothes were very colorful
 Haha that's a good point. Maybe yes, a pilgrim was flying and lost his luggage LOL. I think it's cool that you can tell if someone had their clothes tailor, you just have to look for the collar gaps, it's good to know
 I try not to pay too much attention, but I think it's interesting Trump is somehow not one of the three wealthiest presidents in U.S. history!
 I agree with you. I can't believe that it's JFK, Jefferson, and Washington to. Why do you think Trump is not in there? They must have definitely put inflation when they made this list
 I did! It's the only episode like that apparently, you dont' see bart and he is not mentioned, weird!
 I do sometimes, I still think it's amazing that radio waves can carry that information, what about you?
 yup, also crazy how we can pick up Jupiter storms on our radio, just tune into an AM channel!
 Hi! Can you believe the three wealthiest presidents of all time were Jefferson, Washington and JFK?
 That's a great question. Ha! But honestly, what surprised me more than that is knowing the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. It's like, I didn't even know the president had a guest house. Ha!
 Different types, lots of them, more than China actually, 
 Oh no, lol....I will definitely do my research! I am a sucker for buying stuff when people are selling anything from clothing to jewelry lol...I was in Mexico a few years back and bought so much from street vendors it was ridiculous, I had to stop....
 Wouldn't that be fun to go to?
 Oh! That makes sense! Did you know Apple made clothing in 1986?
 I wonder if we found it at that store from the airport, would it be worth any money?
 Maybe we can use the guy who was able to sell the eiffel tower twice! 
 True! I mean Norway donated 1bn to help the rain forest.
 Maybe so. Did you know that back in the day, the runner up in a presidential election became the vice president.
 I looked it up and that is his actual name not a nickname!
 ya I love PIkachu! apparently there are over 750 episodes now, I watched som eas a kid but I'll never catch em all at this point
 did you know that George Carlin did a voice on there? I wonder if he did any direty jokes haha
 oh definitely, alec baldwin and ringo starr, thats some good voicing right there
 their tastes must be different, do you watch the simpsons, I guess theres only one episode where Bart is neither mentioned nor shown, maybe they forgot him?
 I'll have to try that out on my way to work tomorrow! I guess you can pick it up on AM radio!
 Yeah its only available in AM radio I think, you  know soldiers back in WWII knew how to make radios out of razorblades and pecils!! 
 yup, I'll have to check it out, I wont be checking out the latin radio station though, that sounds horrible haha
 Yes. Technology has greatly improved video games making them more and more addictive. Did you know in South Korea it's illegal for kids 16 and under to play after midnight? Not sure how they enforce that. I never would have made it as a kid there.
 I don't think it will ever end. It's one of the few shows that has more episodes then the simpsons.
 Yes it is. Technology is great, before TV we just had radio. Radio waves are almost as interesting, since they can be done with much more primitive technology.
 When they were used in WWII all they used were razorblades and pencil. I think back then there was less interference, but it's actually not that hard to pick up radio waves.  
 There are lots of websites you can go to for more information. Start your search on google and then enter a blackhole that never ends. If you get into Ham radios you can actually use them to pick up radio waves from Jupiter!
 No, I didn't, interesting. I thought pilgrims wore black and white. I am surprised their clothing was full of color!
 Yes, sounds like a con artist in France. Good chat!!
 Episcopal is a private boarding school in Alexandria with a lot of diversity.
 Im not sure but I have heard it only has a population of 445 at the school. 
 Yes but it brings them all together and bonds them. Mike Yang said  "One thing I really love about football is the sense of responsibility that players have."
 Hopefully some will get to go to the university of Iowa and see their pink locker room
 Yeah true. He is gonna shake things up. Do you ever watch basketball in the olympics? USA dominates but the New Zelaland team calls themselves the tall blacks lol.
 Oh that's awesome. Still fun to watch live. ESPN actually won an Emmy for creating that first down marker.
 Yeah I totally agree. College football is fun to watch too. The University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink LOL.
 Yeah I'm not sure? But they didn't really have a good team. High score ever in a football game was 222 to 0. I can't even imagine.
 That was either a super fun game to watch or it eventually got very boring.
 Yes I bet it was boring at the end. Tim Tebow is kind of an interesting story. He was once offered an arena football contract.
 Yeah kind of a sad story with him. Suprprised he turned down that contract to play as it was KISS who offered it to him.
 I know, instead they just think about themselves mostly. Did you know that in 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Conventions. That seems bad to me. 
 I love football! Especially the Iowa Hawkeyes. They paint their visitor locker rooms pink!
 It must if they keep doing it haha. I wonder if Georgie Tech did that in 1916 because they beat a team 222-0.
 I bet they cancelled all games forever after that lol. Did you know in the 1960s, bowlers made more than football players?
 haha well said! Have you ever been to a college football game? 14 out of the world's 25 largest stadiums are for college teams!
 Yes they are! sometimes I think it is a comedy with all their analysts lol. Do you watch basketball at least?
 Super expensive! I would love to watch a game at the highest court in the land!
 Nope, I love how they leaked the governments plans to shut them down.
 I concur.  There are still holes in our political system, which are needed to be fixed soon. Btw, I am surprised to know that Hillary Clinton used to be a Republican in college
 Oh wow I did not know that. I know they put the Google CEO on trial for working with the Chinese government on creating a censored search engine.
 Some people blame Donald Trump, saying that he is indicating people should only trust him. Speaking of presidents, the top three wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 That
 Entertaining channel for sure, but surprising that they threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its anti-democratic party agenda, I wonder if that was a result of the settlement
 I didn't know that, I wonder how the use of Facebook compares with those stats since its valued at more than $104 billion now!
 What a horrible management decision considering that MySpace is non-existent nowadays and Facebook is a big force. Iceland even has to rewrite their constitution via Facebook which allows the public to make suggestions and alterations!
 I think thats a great idea, afterall the government exists for the people and they should have a say on the rules
 I would, and in the process elimante some of the unpleasant people on my page, did you know the like button is actually ilegal in a part of Germany!
 Good morning! Are you a fan of football?
 I like to play basketball! I used to be able to dunk but didn't realize it was short banned for a little bit in college.
 That is interesting. It's crazy that football can be gridiron football, soccer, rugby, and gaelic football, all different in rules!
 I'm sure they are. I wonder if any other teams paint their visitor locker room pink like the Iowa Hawkeyes do?
 I think it is, if I was Cumberland I would have cancelled the rest of the season haha.
 I bet! I can't beleive bowlers once earned more money than football players!
 I can't believe it, but I do haha. Even Kiss bought into an arena football team and wanted Tim Tebow to play!
 It is very interesting news. He is a great player.
 He really is. I can't believe that in the states, 39 out of 50 of them have their highest state employee being paid as coaches.
 I couldn't have said it any better! One of these days I'll make it to the basketball court at the Supreme Court!
 I am actually, I'm going to a party later what about you? I can't believe ESPN won an emmy for making the yellow line that shows first downs, I'll def be seeing that tonight haha
 ya I would give the ball to that guy every time! One day I will go to an actual game in a stadium and I guess 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world belong to american football teams which is crazy
 Yep that makes sense. A lot of the witnesses we're problematic too. I just don't know what to think
 Yes, I think the 2016 election was a little overblown.  Hillary and Donald were really not that far off politically like everyone claimed.  Hillary was the president of young republicans in college!
 Yep I heard about that! Wonder who the next president will be that has a beard though? Only Republicans have ever had beards as presents apparently
 That is wild.  It was a close vote though in 2016.  It is surprising to know that only 5 presidents have been elected after losing the popular vote.
 Yes that is shocking. Also shocking to me is that red and blue did not always mean Republican and Democrat. That seems like it's been that way my whole life but it's only been the case since about the year 2000
 Yes, that is wild.  These parties have been going at each other in everything!  Congress has played an annual republican vs. democrat softball game since 1909.
 Well that's interesting. Also interesting that Harry Truman wouldn't get a picture with Dumbo, because elephants are associated with Republicans and he was Democrat, it's pretty silly LOL
 Haha, that is really funny.  Not as bad as the Chinese government censoring the word "censorship."
 No that is really bad. Also bad is the United States getting their plans to destroy Wikileaks leaked by actually Wikileaks haha
 Oh yeah you're right haha. Governments are weird though, did you hear how Norway gave a billion dollars to help save the rainforest? It was a billion dollars of their own money
 That is bonkers.  They also love closing.  The US government has shut down 17 times in the last 37 years!!
 Yeah that seems like a lot. But nowadays you always hear that it's a big deal but apparently like you said, it happens frequently
 That's crazy!  Maybe that's because football players didn't earn their money in the past because in 1916 Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland by a score of 222-0!
 That's awesome! I love reading, but can't read as fast as Anne Jones. She can read 4,700 words per minute!
 Yes, that's why they burned books I guess.  I didn't know the military had reading lists...Starship troopers is the 1st sci-fi novel on it.
 Crazy. Did you know that every president with a beard has been a Republican?
 Now that's crazy! I also think it's crazy we haven't had a non-democrat or non-republican president since 1853!
 What color would a third party pick? Although white would be the last color of the USA, I think it would be insensitive to call the party that.
 No kidding! Speaking of presidents, can you believe that the three wealthiest presidents of all time were Jefferson, JFK and Washington? They must measure for inflation as that's unbelievable!
 That is so wild, isn't it? I also think it's wild that the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
 I went to Georgia Tech and, apparently, we beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  I don't think we had a pink locker room.
 College...  Speaking of college, 14 of the worlds largest stadiums belong to college football teams. 
 They do? wow they must cost a lot too, 
 Yeah, I bet.  Did you know Kiss bought into an arena football team and offered a contract to Tim Tebow?
 The Eagles fans must be rowdy.  I knew the stadium had a jail but I just learned they have a court too!
 Not as much. I guess the Supreme Court must, they have a "court" on the roof.  I can just see Ginsberg dunking one...
 No wonder it takes them so long to rule on something. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall Blacks. They would definitely hear an earfull in the US.
 Today was the first time I have ever heard of that. So crazy. I really find it hard to believe that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land" Do you think that's true?
 I had no idea! Who knew fans could get so crazy
 Yeah, talk about passion and not giving a crap about what's going on around you. That would take some major concentration. On a different note, did you know that KISS offered a contract to TIm Tebow when they bought into an arena football team?!
 Yeah, for sure. I was really surprised to learn that Georgia Tech once beat a team by 222 points!! That seems like an insane amount of points to score during a football game. 
 Yeah, I thought that was pretty crazy too! It's also pretty ironic that the only losing coach in the university of kansas' history is the one that invented basketball, James Naismith. That would be pretty disappointing. 
 No, I didn't know that, I just google and find that the three richest presidents for 2019 is Trump, Washington and Jefferson.
 Wow I didn't know that, I wonder what kind of albums and how he find time?
 It was pop albums. That's a good question. I can see before or after office but during seems odd. 
 I don't think so, did you know there hasn't been a us president who wasn't republican or democrat since 1853?
 No, but I lived in Nevada for seven years, and parts of it nothing but desert land with nothing on it.
 Yes, I'm not a fan of his shenanigans either, he has threatened to shut down the government seven times in the past six weeks, at least! That doesn't qualify as good leadership to me.
 Lol, true! Maybe the intentions of what the government does with the land is listed in the Wikileaks which the government plans to destroy.
 My guess is they probably owned a lot of land and probably slaves which were sadly considered assets back in the day! We have come a long way since then!
 Oh wow, it's probably not visible to the outside. The use of the colors red and blue for each party didn't go into effect until the 2000s!
 "The mistrust of the media is so extreme among Republicans that 40 percent consider otherwise accurate news stories to be "fake news" if the stories cast a politician or political group in a negative light. " I find that number to be really more than I thought...
 I am not sure if the news is fake or not but to have people claim that 40% of the news reported being fake is shocking to me. I would love to see the fact checked data...
 I like NPR but CNN is too biased for me. I also use social media for news like Facebook and Twitter.
 Hello,  hows it going?  did you know the Presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?  That is crazy!
 That is pretty cool!  I wonder what he sings about?  That could be fun though,  concerts and parties hosted by a president! lol
 oh my gawd....absolutely not lol I would never buy that album!
 Yeah,  I do not think they would make a good team at all!  Thank goodness that is not a law anymore lol 
 Both times lol Yeah I never knew that was recent I thought they always used those colors. 
 The norway government donate 1 billion to save the amazon rainforest!  That is awesome!
 Hilarious, I had never heard that before. They are probably trying to psych them out. 
 Funny that there was a Drake involved with the Ohio State University and handled the Urban Meyer affair.
 I've never gotten much into his music, but no doubt he is really popular and I guess has the money to spend on those things!
 I guess he was already a known rapper when he had a chance to finish high school at the age of 25!
 It's hard to think of what watching football is like without it, so it's a well deserved award!
 I do not use it.  I frequently undergo background checks to enter secure public and private facilities - Facebook just gives them one more source to check out.  But I do like the way Iceland has involved their public in rewriting their constitution by allowing them to submit requests via Facebook.  But, I also expect they are getting a lot of absurd suggestions as well.
 It, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, etc.  make a lot of money by aggregating and selling user data.  Any very few users actually think about it.  Facebook may be free to users but it is not free!  With its massive user dataset that it sells, it was considered worthy enough by investors to have a 104 billion IPO!
 Episcopal High School is great for learning football and bonding as a team.  It is very diverse as well.
 Close games are exciting!  Kiss bought an arena football team and even offered Tim Tebow a contract.  I hear he was playing baseball though these days.
 Can't wait for that!  Such a huge money maker nowadays.  The highest paid state employee in 39 of 50 states is either a college basketball or college football coach.  Crazy!
 He sure was.  He was so dominant, he got the dunk banned for over a decade!
 I remember that. It was strange watching the game without the dunk
 Oh no!  I am a huge Bears fan! Haha... At least neither of us are Eagles fans.  They had to have a temporary court in their stadium because of unruly fan behavior!
 I actually recently learned ESPN created the yellow first down line.  They even won an Emmy for it!
 Yes I read that a while ago. That is a good tool for tv watching
 It is really helpful.  With huge money comes great innovation!  Crazy to think about the fact that in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars!
 Yes, and they still do not want to pay college players despite the fact that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums in the world belong to college teams!
 I've never seen a show but I did hear good things. She actually was nominated for an Emmy for her work on Broadway which I think is cool
 Oh that's interesting. Apparently her main character was first created in the show Different Strokes, I did like that show that's funny
 Yes and it was going to Star Jack Black, I actually like Jack Black in that would have probably made it a better movie LOL
 I love him but I completely disagree with him about Kung Fu Hustle being great comedy!
 I don't mind Kung-Fu Hustle but it's definitely not an amazing movie! It's definitely not "the Supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of Comedy" LOL
 Yeah that's weird. I think you could still project positivity even if you did a drama though, do you like the show House? Apparently Hugh Laurie makes like $700,000 episode
 Yes that makes him the highest paid actor ever for a drama tv show!  That is a lot of money!
 Absolutely! I wonderHow much money Michael Caine has? apparently he only started acting to meet girls haha
 Personally, I don't really care about the politics of a show.  A sitcom should just be funny IMO
 Last Man Standing has been compared to a Disney formulaic comedy, which isn't meant as a compliment.  But that formula sells.
 Most of the deals made on 'shark tank' are never enacted.  That's not surprising, really
 Never heard of Ikea Heights.  Is it supposed to be a comedy or drama?
 I didn't but that is awesome. She led a full life. She also was a 2 time Tony nominee and 1 Emmy nomination. And she wrote an autobiography. So amazing. She was very funny in the comedy show.
 I didn't know that! Wow, I could handle a payday like that lol! He deserved it though, House was a great TV series.
 Hello! How are you tonight?
 That is actually very cool! Are you into dramas at all?
 He was a smart man, look at him today! I wish I would have taken Jon Hamm's drama class in high school!
 Its illegal to warm up your car in Ohio and then its legal to equip your cars with flame throwers in South Africa, we live in a crazy world
 I did hear about that, declining several offers! Silly choice! Now Netflix is worth 2 billion!
 Cool! Didn't know that one. I still find it fascinating that we can talk to each other through electronic signals transmitted through wire....so weird when you really think about it.
 Yep you're right. I can't believe that Blockbuster decided not to buy Netflix when it had the chance haha, only for 50 million, I bet they're kicking themselves
 Yes I did that today actually haha. I even went to McDonalds. It's such a genius invention, I'm surprised it took until 1975 to get one made
 Yeah I guess the rule changed because I have seen soldiers outside of cars in their uniforms. So I guess that's good. I'm shocked that the name of the trunk has stuck around for so long, originally referred to the wooden trunks that they would put in the back of old cars
 Yes, the city of Detroit was discovered by a guy whose last name was Cadillac. And then I assume that they just used that for the car company, does that sound right?
 No idea, maybe horror films use it to make us afraid we can also regrow ribs thats impressive I wonder if other animals can do the same thing. 
 That is true.     Humans are the only current members of Hominina.
 Yes, there is a big chasm from Tupac to Michael Jackson!
 Back to ballet, I wonder how many shoes Tupac went through?    Professionals can use 4 pairs in any given week!
 True!   Thanks for the chat, and don't paint your room pink.    It looks terrible in Iowa's Locker Room!
 I heard that before, even though most plants and animals make their own vitamin C.  Did you hear that there is a certain sound frequency that causes fear in humans? I wonder what it is?
 Sad that Olympians who don't win may never get to shine in the spotlight or make money from their endeavors.  At least professional athletes can make money even when they lose.
 These athletes are very hard-working and have trained for years of their lives probably unpaid most of it and at the expense of their families as well.  If you are RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis though who never has fumbled in pro football in the nfl you get paid well.
 It was a joke haha.  It gave them good luck. Don't you get the joke?  Anyway, Espn actually got an emmy for their creation of the superimposed yellow line for a first down in american football games.
 Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that helped him lean during his dance moves.  Who would have known it wasn't him leaning?  Sounds like the trick Michael Carbanaro did on his show.
 Humans are amazing and others even more amazing!  Supposedly, humans will regrow a rib as strong as the original within 2 to 3 months of having it surgically shortened.
 Well other countries apparently like it as well as there are copies in France and Ireland apparently.
 I guess we have a historical link with those countries. The president's guest house is larger than the White House. Im surprised Trump can stand the situation. He might have to add some stories to the White House. Or maybe rent out the guest house.
 Like he needs more money though apparently he does not reach the top 3 in wealth, that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson.
 They may not appear to get anything done but they do own 86% of the land of Nevada, so they obviously did something right, haha.
 I agree. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 I bet he will end up on that list eventually. The first president of Zimbabwe was named President Banana.
 I wonder if it was because he liked bananas.  Or maybe he resembled a banana?
 Not too sure on why he was named that. The president guest house is actually bigger than the white house.
 Which I find to be surprising.  The white house is massive.
 That's cool he added those to it. I also saw it has twin buildings in France and Ireland.
 Not too sure on that. Roosevelt once banned Christmas trees at the white house because he was a huge conservationist.
 Nope. The white house still uses floppy disks for storage.
 I didn't know that The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 No, I don't think that would work nowadays. The white house still uses floppy disks to store files!
 For as secure as it's supposed to be, it took the secret service 4 days to realize bullets struck the white house in 2011. 
 Yup! It's interesting that the President both lives and works there. 
 Yeah, you can go on tours sometimes. Pretty cool. Did you know that someone in France sold the Eiffel tower twice? 
 You probably could and like the man, you could get away with it at least twice! But it's things like that which goes to show how many loopholes there are that need to be patched up, just like how it took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house in 2011.
 So maybe it's a good thing then that they're protected from violating the Geneva Conventions. At least we're getting with the times, but especially George W. Bush who had solar panels installed on the white house.
 Haha, yeah, do they even sell floppy disks anymore? If it's for security purposes, then I guess citizens should be really worried about data and security breaches!
 Hello. Did you know that jfk, washington, and jefferson were the richest presidents ?
 And he had time to record them while he was in office
 I wonder how he found time to record
 The presidents must be rich to have a guest house is larger than the white house
 Amazing. I wonder how A man in france impersonated a government official, and managed to sell the eiffel tower 2 times.
 They need to upgrade the way they store files. It is not safe
 I never knew that bullets had struck the white house on november 11, 2011
 I never heard that myself. It took the secret service four days to find that out
 Did you know that the White House has two twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Yeah seems like it, but even with his guest house being larger than the White House, Trump is still not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history.
 I did not know that! that must be a hard thing to accompish, I mean who would fall for that!
 Thats interesting, I had no idea he did that, its a good thing to be remembered as a president that started with clean energy for the White House. 
 Yeah I wouldnt like to be remembered by a nickname like that one, did you know that until 1805 the runner up of a presidential election became the vice president?
 Thats a lot of land I didnt know that but I agree, all thoose secrets, I wonder what else they are hiding as they had plans to destroy Wikileaks.
 Yeah not everything is lost, hopefully that goverment doesnt have dark secrets as well. 
 It could be military or it could just be it's full of desert LOL. Did you hear how Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy WikiLeaks?
 yes, I am surprised Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white House, although he was a staunch conservationist!
 That is shocking! I know he was an avid Hunter so I don't get how he was also a conservationist of trees, especially because you can regrow a tree
 Really, I didn't know he was an avid hunter! 
 have you ever visited the white house btw? Apparently it has twin buildings around the world!
 ya I wonder that too, and I was shocked that it was George W bush of all people to put them on the White House and not someone like Clinton or Obama
 Yeah that's really scary! And what do you think about the White House still using floppy drives LOL those are so slow
 That is impressive! What do you think about the guy who tried to sell the Eiffel Tower twice though? Like he didn't try to do it just once but twice LOL
 A real con artist!! Crazy! I'm glad times have change since when the runner up in the president election automatically became vice president,
 Ha, ha, ha! I don't think they'd live thru it!! 
 It would make for good TV though haha. I just don't get how Trump is not one of the top three richest presidents though that seems like he should be
 They have solar panels yet still use floppy disks? Pretty funny
 I have no idea! It's definitely not for financial reasons, although the richest 3 presidents included Washington and Jefferson, so none of the modern presidents made the list. 
 I agree. It's also strange to think that they all worked where they lived. 
 I wonder if that was his real name? The Indonesian President has released music albums. I can't imagine Trump doing something like that. 
 That's true. Dictators in authoritarian governments are sometimes called President, too. 
 I heard it's something like 96%! That doesn't leave much for private owners
 I am not sure either. the white house still uses floppy discs
 Wow! That technology seems so ancient. It seems like the opposite of George W. Bush putting solar panels on the White House.
 I wonder if it was someone with Wikileaks. They published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.
 Wow. I wonder what they do with it all. Hopefully something positive like how the Norwegian government. They used $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon Rainforest.
 They did something really great, other people are a bit more sinister. A man in France impersonated being a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower, twice.
 It really does, I recently watched the movie Snowden and applaud him for his bravery. I wonder if those Wikileaks documents reveal what 86% of the land owned in Nevada is used for.
 If the president of Indonesia is featured in the album, then he/she could have an excuse to stay at the guest house of the white house which is larger than the actual white house!
 Four days? Well knowing that fact, I guess I wouldn't be surprised if someone managed to sell the Statue of Liberty!
 Well said! Who would you say your favorite president was?
 They must have had much more money than Trump has! 
 He did? I wonder if he is a talented pop star then, he must do an album with Trump that would be awesome.
 I wonder that too! Can you believe our white house still uses floppy disks?
 That makes sense haha. I'm sure hackers these days don't even know what they are lol.
 I did! didn't it take secret service four days to realize that somebody shot at the white house?
 I have seen it s few time but I am not a regular. Did you every watch the simpsons?
 Yes I do regularly. There was only one episode where Batd did not appear.
 I guess he really is a main character then. I've heard that Homer held 188 different jobs in the first 400 episodes.
 That is just crazy but being Homer I am not surprised
 Have you ever watched any of the shows or films adapted from Shakespeare's plays? I've heard only one of them hasn't been made into a movie or show
 Interesting. I saw an adaptation of Othello once in school.
 internet has been doing so much for us. did you know the horizontal lines in app menu is called a hamburger?
 It really is widespread! Access to internet connection is a right in Finland
 At least $300 I heard.
 No, i did not.  That is interesting.   I wonder who named it, Ronald McDonald?
 Wow, never had a pet dog? I have when I was younger. But it's a lot of work and I don't want to neglect my dog if I have one. Google prefers dogs to cats. Their code of conduct states that they are a dog company.
 Yeah, it seems very cool to work there. Another thing I think is cool are the Istanbul vending machines that release food and water for the city's stray dogs for recycled plastic bottles.
 Another good cause is doggy blood drives. I don't know if I agree though because they can't consent.
 Speaking of rights and laws, by Canadian law, all radios there need to have at least 40% of the music be Canadian.
 Yeah, the internet age. It's hard to believe that in WWII soldiers still made foxhole radios with razorblades and pencils.
 I remember using a rotary phone. Now an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Yeah. I find it interesting that NY's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I know my yorkie/ poodle mix knows " Bath" very well, she understands it spoken or spelled out.  Lol
 Yes, that I do believe.  I find it interesting that a dog may have one of 12 different blood types and they can donate blood at dog blood drives.  Isn't that cool?
 No, we've never donated their blood, but it's a cool idea to help out the dogs that have cancer and such.  I understand that dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing.
 That's incredible.  My lab has a great sense of smell, she sniffs so hard, it sounds like a vacuum cleaner.  When people first hear her doing it they are kind of scared, it's so loud.  But, she's done it since she was a puppy.
 All the time, especially when food is involved. Lol I hear Google prefers dogs to cats and their code of conduct states they are a dog company.
 Yep, a slovakian womans team averaged one goal every 44 seconds with a final score of 82-0. That is a lot of goals!
 Yep.  Furthermore, Americas olympics team lost to a UK high school team!
 They did? wow that must be really painful, how can they lose they are supposed to be the best team with the best players
 I do. The only left handed quarterback in the NFL is kellan Moore. 
 I thought it was really interesting that cheerleaders can't eat in the same place as NFL players
 Me either. I'm not sure I see how it is. 
 I had no idea dunking was banned in college basketball for a decade
 Me either. That darn Kareem Abdul-Jabbar!
 I am good thank you. Did you know that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's use of the drunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over 10 years?
 Wow, no I didn't know that!  That would have made the game really boring to watch
 Lol yes it would have! The inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the university of Kansas's history
 haha exactly! 39 of 50 states the highest paid employee is either a college football or basketball coach. 
 LOL. That's cool I didn't know that about the Supreme Court. 
 LOL - I bet that causes some controversy!
 LOL for sure! Did you know a hockey player was traded for $1 in 1993?
 Yea that's a raw deal for sure!
 Wow that's crazy! I bet most of it is water weight.
 I used to love the Simpsons. I also used to love Pokemon but not so much anymore. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 Do you watch the 70's show.  It was remade in the UK verbatim but cancelled after 10 episodes
 Yeah, and even so, Netflix still spends 20 times more for postage than bandwidth.
 I do watch Youtube and also Netflix. Blockbuster didn't want to buy Netflix for $50 million and it's now $2 billion dollars. I am sure they are regretful.
 Did you know that the person who started up Netflix was upset by a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 13 and it gave him the idea
 Don't get too excited over clicking the hamburger! Apparently constant novelty from clicking links can cause measurable addiction.
 Oh no!  But if the internet burns down, don't worry there is a backup in Alexandria.
 I often worry about the internet dying! That is good to know. I wonder how long it would take to set everything back up.
 I really don't. That's probably bad. Then again I probably just don't want to know since I want to use the services no matter what. I don't know what I'd do without the internet. It is amazing how many different services there are from email to file sharing to video chatting and information resources.
 It sure is amazing all the network of networks of private, public, academic, business and government.
 Yeah, it's sad that some countries don't get to enjoy Netflix though! Those countries are China, Syria, North Korea, and Crimea. I can't imagine the internet without it for me.
 Wow I didn't know that!  I'm sure they are studying though and learning more important things at times.  Netflix does have a large audience still with 137 million total subscribers worldwide  including over 58 million in the US
 I watch it a lot. Did you know from 9 to 12 am Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north America?!
 I bet! I love how Reed Hastings started Netflix because of late fees from vhs rentals.
 I love the old episodes of the Simpsons, it's amazing there is only one episode Bart isn't in or mentioned
 I do - me and 137 million other people!  It is very popular!
 I forgot about the DVD option. They still spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.
 It makes sense considering they work with providers to place Netflix servers at internet distribution hubs to serve out popular requests close to the users.  Where I think Netflix (and others) are a threat to traditional TV is their foray into developing original content.
 Right, and if it weren't for companies like Blockbuster, Reed Hastings would not have thought of Netflix. He got a $40 late fee on a VHS and came up with the idea.
 Yeah, Bart is my favorite dude! Pokemon is another show that has gone on for a long time. There are 750 episodes!
 Interesting. Well they did a good job narrating! I like Thomas!
 What kind of shows are you watching? In 2000 netflix proposed that blockbuster should use netflix as its online service and blockbuster laughed them out of the office
 i have watched those Making a murder is good,  Its funny they have to give him and his family subtitles,  they are from wisconsin,  they speak america that no one can understand lol Bird box was ok.  
 Yeah its not scary.  i have no clue why everyone is talking about it.  I understand in the end its great that people with a disability have an advantage.  
 True, but why the hype lol...Pretty interesting that  Reed Hastings started Netflix after having 40 bucks in late fees on a VHS he rented lol, brilliant idea!
 Amazing idea! Im watch Homeland now,  it just got added to Netflix recently I think! 
 Nice. Yeah its on there now!  Netflix has almost 150 movies available with a 100% rating on rotten tomatoes.
 Wow! cool I will have to watch it later, that's very interesting they do have great movies!
 In some european markets, netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which shows to purchase.
 Hahaha, that's smart! I never would have thought of that. I find it interesting that there is actually 3g of cell service and ability to use the internet at the peak of Mt. Everest! How does that work lol....
 I don't know,  maybe its so you can post your selfie asap! 
 Have you ever Googled yourself?  The act of looking oneself up on the internet is known as "egosurfing".
 LOL! No I haven't but maybe I should! I can see why it is called that lol!!!  Did you know you can actually have an addiction from clicking  likes and on websites on the internet?? lol....
 ewww. I hope they have support groups lol but with our luck it will be an online class lol 
 Hahahaaa! Very true! That would be hilarious :) Did you know that 7% of people actually read the full terms and conditions when buying a product or service on the internet? That is a ton of reading! It has been great chatting with you!!! Have a great night!!! Bye!
 Man I ended up finding out yesterday that both Netflix and youtube make up half of internet traffic in America. That's crazy.
 It is crazy but not surprising to me. I think kids make up most of the You Tube Users with watching other children open gifts, I will never understand the thrill of watching that.
 I saw that, I was like what. I had no idea that it was still popular today. Honestly I never understood the hype about it. 
 Right something, anything else but weird games. I was actually surprised there was an episode where Bart was not in the show, I never knew that.
 I was surprised to find that out too. I was also surprised to find out that Netflix spends so much on postage. This day and age I would think mainly everyone would be streaming their services
 Yes,  absolutely! When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 I know right,  I wish they told us which episode!  70's show was remade verbatim in the uk. 'days like these' was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 me either lol Fox news corporation discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the simpsons.
 Really? I would have never of guessed that it is.  I don't watch much myself to be honest. 
 I did not know that, I did not know it was that old. 
 Me either! Fox news threatened to sue the simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democratic party agenda.
 yeah I know right! The gaming website ign is owned by news corporation, who also owns fox news.
 They own a gaming website too? Very interesting. 
 Seems like they have their money in a lot of things! 
 Yeah they definitely do.  I guess they provide news in 86 countries or territories worldwide, that's a lot. 
 Yes, you are right. Did also now that Mcdonalds` added drive thru in 1975 to accomodate soldiers?
 Yes it did. Also it is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking, interesting fact is it not?
 Did you also know that Fox news corporation, owned by the Fox entertainment group, discussed a possibility  of creating a cable channel that would only air the simpsons, by the way love that cartoon?
 Yes, I know. Fox news threatened to sue the simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democratic party agenda. 
 Yeah, it wasn't bad. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon? 
 Did you know that they allow people to equip their cars with flame throwers? 
 I would love that for my car for those who merge in my lane.
 I did not know Eminem wanted to become a comic book artist. I wonder if he is any good.
 I would agree. Interesting that Busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie
 yes it is true. I like how a judge rapped a verdict in a eminem case
 to a point, it is. There is onyl one episode that Bart does not appear in, in the simpsons 
 I did not know Hugh Laurie was paid so much and is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama
 interesting. Jim carrey does not make dramas because it is against his belief system
 he is awesome. I might check out the website that you can listen to episodes of classic radio dramas 
 Jon Hamm thought drama at his old high school which is nice
 One of Hamm's students was ellie kemper from the office.
 Yes.    It seems like true nineties crime dramas are everywhere!
 For such popular figures, it is surprising that Tupac Shakur's eath remains a mystery.
 I've read it and found it interesting.     Is it true he's being played by that Taco Bell ad guy?
 Yes, Josh Duhamel.
 Pretty funny.    There seem to be a lot of stars, even Marcc Rose who's played Tupac before.
 Are you a fan of Tupac?    He has some stuff marked as having cultural significance.
 Who would have guessed that is where rap and hip-hop would find itself!
 Right. It's sad but ineivitable I guess. Anyway, Tupac Shakur's contributions were very important, I guess. His music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 Some of tupacs music just makes you sad because a beautiful mind was taken so early, listen to song like keep your head up and to live and die in LA
 You're right. I'm not so sure about Korean rap though-they invented a compliment battle. Not sure if I'd like that.
 How do you think that affects the gameplay of the other team?
 no I didn't, I also didn't know that ESPN won an emmy for that yellow line they show on TV to mark the first down line
 Yeah,  love it.  Do you watch tv much?  Judge Judy makes over a hundred thousand per episode!
 I do watch TV mostly netflix, and that is crazy over a hundred thousand an episode! thats so much money.
 I know right!  Same here mostly Netflix and HBO.  Any good shows you watching?  Did you know Pixar has a secret room for celebs?  I wonder what is in there?  
 Yeah I did read that somewhere.  I also learned that Roosevelt and Adams were the only president not sworn in by the bible. 
 yes I am a fan, I am not a fan though of iowa painting their opposing teams locker rooms pink haha
 ya, football makes more sense but what are you going to do, did you see the highest scoring football game was 222-0, thats a blowout!
 oh definitely, she is second only to lebron James for highest paid celebrity apparently
 oh for sure, he started the original trend of celebs performing in animated films
 yup, interesting it was based on a real building, and that building still exists in iraq
 no that is crazy, and even Jefferson cut out parts of the bible to create his own version of it
 yes I agree, and I wonder what the point of that was, also crazy that teddy roosevelt and John quinicy adams didn't use a bible during swearing in, I had no idea
 ya, because I know if that happened today it would cause a stir, it must have caused an uproar back in the day, also before 1963 I guess it was very common for students to read the bible in school, that is definitely not the case now
 wow I didn't know that, i wonder if they just picked a fruit out at random? like what if it were a banana or pineapple instead? that would definitely change the way people picture Adam and Eve haha
 ah I see that makes sense, did you hear of the tower of babel from teh bible? I guess the story was probably based on a real tower in Iraq.
 Oh I love dogs. I used to have a husky. Did you know there are 12 different blood dog types?
 Haha maybe that's why. I can't believe that dogs are not actually colorblind. That seems like a very common thing that people say
 That is crazy! I can't believe that its diameter is about 100 times that of the Earth. Remarkable!
 Yep you don't learn that in school. What about a lightning bolt being hotter than the surface of the Sun. About five times hotter!
 Yeah I don't understand that! Our son is one billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy?
 I have a dog and I love them.  They are such interesting and impressive animals.  Did you know that they aren't actually color blind?  They just see less colors than us.
 And that they have blood drives and all of them can donate.  I suppose animals have medical needs too.
 And they come in so many different shapes and sizes.  I still can't fathom how there are so many different breeds and colors, and sizes.
 I never would have thought they had anything related to an animal that is so different.  I have heard about the pointing thing before.  It is amazing how attuned they are to us.
 Oh I didn't know that. why does everyone say they're colorblind. I guess they can see just less colors than humans, but that's definitely not colorblind
 Yes I know a lot about the sun. Apparently it's actually weight in outer space, it's just our atmosphere that makes it look yellow, what do you know about it?
 Yep that's true. Also true is that a lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the Sun, people say it's about five times hotter which is incredibly hot LOL
 I agree, that should be our next step because that would really help us out. I like that Neptune finally completed a full orbit. That was done in 2011 and a previous full orbit was back in 1846. That's really crazy
 I watch football sometimes. for instance I watched the Super Bowl. I do like the Patriots block, I like that they have a player who's never fumbled the ball lol
 Yes that is crazy, I'm just glad Netflix doesn't cancel to any shows, they're first exclusive show they produced was Lilyhammer back in 2012 and that is still going
 Spend about 20 times more in postage! What is the largest late fee that you've ever gotten? Apparently the creator of Netflix got a $40 late fee for renting Apollo 13
 Yes I like Bill Murray and he was spot-on with his analysis of that movie, do you ever watch TV shows that are comedies? I really like Seinfeld and also Fraser I can't believe that they both lost the Golden Globe to 3rd Rock from the Sun
 Yeah that's scary. I hope that we never banned Netflix in the United States. Do you know that Netflix accounts for about a third of all internet bandwidth in North America?
 Yep that's insane! And if you include YouTube, Netflix and YouTube makeup half of all bandwidth in North America
 No that was definitely a mistake, only $59 would be a bargain because Netflix is now worth over 2 billion
 I think they will be fine in the long run then.  137 Million subscribers and counting!
 OMG, that's interestsing.  Take care.
 i honestly like the old stuff but i had no idea Netflix even released a special with him! i'm going to check it out.
 yes I agree with that one. i had no idea he cheated on his wife, fought addiction and had a horrible battle with seeing his children. that's sad to hear! 
 It is very sad to hear, it makes me amazed that he somehow managed to convert all of that experience into a comedy routine- that seems like it would definitely be touchy!
 i know it most likely helped shape him into who he is today. i mean he flat out says i was a bad husband! i was an addict he recalls more than once! i never knew all this  
 wow that must have been hard. i bet people walked out! he has a huge loyal fan base though and still to this day doesnt like president Bush! He says he paved the way for the first black president. which is a good thing in my book!
 Yes it sounds like it, especially the second half, because he goes into a bunch of personal stuff about his ideas on relationships
 Yeah I think so, he also goes into stuff about differences between men and women and politics, is probably going to be very charged
 That is a lot of people! And they also have about 140 million subscribers worldwide! Too cool
 Between Netflix and YouTube, half of the peak internet users in North America.
 Well I use YouTube every day so I'm definitely part of all that traffic haha. What do you think about how Netflix alone is responsible for a third of all traffic
 Bill Murray is the man. Did you ever see the Green Lantern movie by the way? They were originally going to use Jack Black and I think it would have been better if they had
 Because the fan was trying to take a video of him. Kind of an extreme reaction. 
 Kanye was actually admitted to a mental hospital before! Tupac seemed more level headed. His music is in the library of congress under cultural significance. 
 I bet! Apparently they have them to deter car jackers.
 Yes never funny to have that happen. Speaking of cars, I love listening to the radio while driving. The AM radio can actually pick up storms from Jupiter!
 Hello, did you know the car Cadillac was named after a French explorer by the same name?
 wow, that's interesting.  I didn't know that about Trunks!
 Ha and it's legal to add flame throwers to your car in Africa to prevent carjacking!
 That is insane!  Also, McDonald's added the drive thru in 1975 so Soldiers who couldn't leave their cars due to being in uniform could order food!
 Hmm, very interesting! Soldiers in WWI made radios out of razor blades and pencils!.
 That's hard to imagine, I wonder how good those radios were???  I guy who play the video game "Gran Turismo" became an actual professional race car driver because he beat 90,000 people in the video game!
 Did you know all radios in Canada are required to play at least 40% Canadian music? Or that the storms on Jupiter can be picked up here on am radio?
 I didn't know that, it seems like I don't know much!  Ha ha.  There's a website dedicated to Free programming of thousands of episodes of old Classic Radio Dramas. I can't imagine having to listen to TV, and not watch it.
 Wow! You DO know a lot! There is a radio station in Finland that broadcasts a weekly program entirely in Latin! Or if you prefer you can pick up free classic radio drama on the web.
 Thanks, I can't believe that Korea has rappers that perform what's called "Compliment Battle" style rapping, funny
 Yeah, and Tupac's music is in  the Library of Congress under "Cultural Significance"
 Eminem, the rapper, wanted to be a comic book artist before his music career.
 And the judge trying his case in 2001 sang the verdict in rap!
 It was only 1908 before they became widely accepted in the US replacing horse drawn carriages..
 The Model T came out in 1908, it was one of the first cars available to the masses by Ford company.
 Hey back to rap music for a moment; did you know that the Rugrats Movie Reptar Wagon had voiceovers by Busta Rhymes? 
 Smooth! They way I heard it was that he would interact with Muhammad Ali and the bands at that time.
 Yes, this is true. The African griot tradition was the precursor to modern rap.
 I agree.  I was quite amused when I read how a Michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against Eminem.  Very funny!
 I'm not a cars person either, but I did enjoy reading about the history of cars.  I found that tidbit on McDonald's adding a drive-thru very interesting.  I had no idea.  And trunks on cars...didn't know that term came from old cars having wooden trunks on the back of them.
 I just assumed the trunk was similar to trunks on cars today.  Boy was I wrong.  How about South-Africa?  Cars are equipped with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.  Yikes!
 Probably a lot cheaper!  One thing that isn't so cheap I guess is McDonald's paid rappers $5 when "Big Mac" was referenced in a rap song.  What's funny is I recall Rob Base in "It Take's Two" saying "f" the big mac.  I wonder if he still got paid?
 That's pretty scary! Wouldn't it be funny if there were hip-hop songs about using flame throwers.
 Yea, it's interesting that Doris Burke was inducted to the Basketball hall of fame for electronic media
 That must be about 50 a year for 16 years! How has it remained popular so long?
 I'm not sure. Did you know Ringo starr, alec baldwin and george carlin all narrated thomas the tank engine
 It is the only country to have two national sports. 
 I would be curious myself to see who it was
 Yes it was a razor blade in a pencil, apparently they made them back in World War II, I just don't know how it all works personally
 Yep it is shocking. It's also shocking that there is an online database of old radio dramas, you can actually listen to them for free, I wonder if there are any good ones
 I did hear about that. Apparently the judge gave her ruling in the form of a rap, I think she has too much time on her hands LOL
 Haha oh that is interesting then. What do you think about Korean rapper's? Apparently they have something called a compliment battle over in Korea
 Haha yes I wonder why they put them in there. I also wonder why Eminem's favorite superhero is Spider-Man haha I would have picked someone darker personally
 He is a great rapper. That's why it's even more shocking that he originally wanted to become a comic book artist when he was a kid
 I have not heard of them before actually. I also haven't heard of someone calling rap spitting or MCing lol but apparently some people do
 ya I do like watching them, theyd be a lot more boring without the dunk though, did you hear that they tried to ban that?
 ya they did, kareem abdul-jabbar was too good with it so they banned it for a decade
 ya and Nike Just paid the fee so Jordan could keep using them, crazy!
 yes I think more players should do it! It was literally scientifically proven to be the best
 I hear that television is supposed to be completely converted to digital by the end of the year. That's hard to believe!
 I can see that, especially where it's really cold like Canada. I hear a professional hockey player can lose up to 8 pounds in a game.
 That's very well rounded! Although, in Canada all radios must have at least forty percent Canadian music! Very choosy!
 Yeah I listen to the songs from the 90s. I never knew that it was influenced by ancient Egyptian practices
 Yea, I guess the first rapper was DJ Hollywood from Harlem, I didn't know that
 Lol that be cool. Apparently you can hear radio storms from jupiter from a regular radio
 I like the radio a lot! Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by an am radio? 
 I do wonder what they sound like! I know WWII soldiers made their own radios with razor blades and pencils.
 That is interesting. Good way to get listeners. Canadian law requires 40% of the music played to be Canadian.
 I have seen so many episodes and never would have guessed! Did you know that there is only one Simpson's episode where Bart is not mentioned and does not appear?
 Oh that's nice. I think Family Guy is related somehow.
 I could see why, it's witty, entertaining, and hilarious! I forget which of the Baldwin brothers does the Trump impersonation, but Alec Baldwin also narrated Thomas the Tank engine for at least 52 episodes! What a drastic change!
 Yeah, I also didn't realize Pokemon was on for that long, there's at least 750 episodes! I thought Pokemon was something that was popular decades ago, but apparently not!
 High schoolers losing to an Olympic team? Wow, that's kind of embarrassing, unless they let them win. there was a hockey player being traded for only $1 and he went on to win four stanley cups!
 Oh ok, I think both sound really painful, especially when it's played on ice, an average professional player even loses up to eight pounds in one game!
 I heard about that, it's called the"highest court in the land"it's funny that it's on the top floor too, I wonder which justices actually play basketball haha
 Haha exactly, and so that's why I always wonder why it's even there haha? Did you hear about the New Zealand basketball team, they are called the "tall blacks" I don't think that name would fly over here haha
 No, it probably wouldn't. Are you a fan of Tim Duncan?
 Yes I wonder that too. One thing I don't wonder is how much Allen Iverson makes. Reebok space him about $800,000 a year, and you'll get a bonus of 32 million once he reaches 55, that's insane!
 Haha I have to do some experimenting on my way to work on Monday with the a.m. Radio haha. Maybe if I'm bored though I'll tune into some classic radio dramas. They have those on a website for free
 Oh, sorry, I should've realized! I don't think I've ever lost that much in one activity. It sounds exhausting!
 That sounds almost sweet, but knowing the cast and crew of those shows, there was probably a joke hidden in there somewhere!
 Yes definitely older rap though. I'm a fan of the WU Tang and just learned that Donald Glover got his name from an online Wu Tang Clan name generator.
 Really? haha No I did not know that. I like Eminem too, especially his early stuff. There's a rapper named Noclue who can rap 14.1 syllables per second.
 Probably not, but maybe comparable with Twista. Remember him? I think he was in the Guinness World Book. 
 She was speaking his language! Off topic, did you know Google's self driving cars have an aggressive mode? That doesn't sound safe to me
 Haha I know. I forget sometimes and have to stick my head out of the window. Why is it called a trunk?
 Very interesting! Great chat, enjoy your day.
 Ya, I like Mercedes Benz, Karl Benz invented the first car in 1886.
 No I believe they are under the side of the car so when you try to open to door it shoots at you.
 Anyways, Did you know the planet Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up from earth with a am radio?
 Very cool! I would like to hear that, I can't imagine how it would sound?
 I heard of that. I think its free, I would try it but I'm not sure how long I could stay on it. Did you know soldiers in WW2 made radios out of razor blades and pencils?
 I believe I have heard something similar. Do you like rap music?
 Wow, before he became a rapper eminem wanted to become a comic book writer,
 Really, Who knew? I like comic books too! Korean rappers have their own freestyle. lol
 Ha, ha, ha! yes.... Rapper Eminem had a judge gave her ruling in rap! lol
 Yes he did. He was so good at it that he got it banned from college basketball for over a decade!
 I did not. That seems silly. I cannot imagine the members of the supreme court playing basketball. 
 Yeah, I heard he's basically the godfather of hockey announcing on tv! He even won an Emmy for "Outstanding Sports Personality - Play-by-Play" in 2011!
 That's very clever. He's been in the business for 45 years, so I guess he's had to come up with many different phrases in his time!
 That's absolutely crazy. Maybe I should pick up hockey! Just kidding, but they must have to eat thousands and thousands of calories a day to keep their weight up!
 Really? ALL 750+ episodes? That's amazing, true commitment! I regret to admit that I've seen very, very few Pokemon episodes in my lifetime. Which is your favorite Pokemon?
 There's so many, truly, It's honestly hard to say. Crazy to think the shoe averages 50 episodes a year, 16 consecutive years! Wow!
 The Simpsons has a little over 650 episodes right now! It is one of the longest-running shows, originally airing in 1989. That's thirty years! Definitely less prolific than Pokemon, but a close second! 
 That is unbelievable! Hard to think a show can last that long! Have you ever watched any Thomas the Tank Engine shows? 
 I have when I was younger! Thomas and Friends has 516 episodes as of now, so that's not too shabby either! Did you know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin all have narrated the show for at least 52 episodes each??
 That's so cool! There are so many cool facts about radio. Did you know that soldiers in WWII would make simple radios (called foxhole radios) out of razorblades and pencils? That's so cool. Or did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up and heard by our radios?
 Wow! I wasn't aware of either of those facts. That is mind blowing. I do know that in Canada, by law, radios must play at least 40% Canadian music but that pales in comparison to the facts you listed! Wow!
 That's so interesting! I didn't know that one. To my knowledge, Canada isn't notorious for its good original music, so I wonder what they play on their radios all day.
 I am as well.
 Lol.  The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph.
 Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
 That's a crazy statistic. Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 - 3 months of having it surgically shortened.
 I'm heading to Japan in May, I'll stay off of the toll roads and use the trains
 I need to go check out iceland before I get too old. Guess I'll rent a car or fly everywhere
 yeah he died in 1891, pretty sure he either went by boat or jet pack.
 Is he behaving differently than previous administrations?
 Think anybody was still watching that game after the first 50 were scored?
 I'm surprised it's that much.  I don't think I know anyone that reads all that stuff, and if they do, understand it.
 Do you like to travel by car or plane in general?
 Yeah, I think so too. But I'd also like to travel around the world. The King of Hawaii was the first to do that, Kalakaua.
 Interesting. But at least we can run far. We are the best distance runners.
 Some football players have high running endurance. Do you watch football?
 Yeah I think I will go watch some last season highlights now. It's amazing how much it's progressed since the 60s though. Back then top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. Have a good night!
 Yes, I do drive a car! I didn't realize that the first car was patented by a German man, Karl Benz
 Yes and he later became part of the company Mercedes-Benz. Hard to believe the Model T was created back in 1908. Genius
 That was over 100 years ago. It's crazy how far cars have come since then. If you live in South Africa, you can even attach a flame-thrower on your car so it doesn't get carjacked! 
 That's awesome! I would totally make burgers or something with that flamethrower LOL but I also probably would not go to South Africa
 That is really nice of McDonald's to make that. Do you know the history of the trunk of a car? Apparently they would use wooden trunks back in the day and then the name stuck
 What were they using in Europe where they refer to the trunk as the boot? LOL. I suppose it's because cars took so much longer to be adopted in Western Europe then in the United States
 Haha yeah hopefully they have a good backup LOL. I like knowing that they have 3D cell service at the top of Mount Everest. That way I can do a selfie or SnapChat up there haha
 It's amazing how far the internet has spread. We've come a long way. Everyone is connected in some way...and you never know when you might be teaching the next famous person
 back to hamburgers! i love it. You can hope in your cadillac and get one at the drive thru in mcdonalds and thanks Karl Benz and Antoine de la moth Cadillac for the privilege 
 Haha I love that! I definitely need a hamburger right now haha. Did you know that only 7% of people read the whole terms of service when they visit a website. That is kind of high in my opinion though haha
 Hello, did you know Cadillac was named after a French explorer? 
 That's pretty cool. I saw that the trunk of your car is called that because the older cars used to have wooden trunks in the back.
 That's pretty interesting. I saw that Cadillac was named after a French explorer. 
 I do not know much about building or architecture. That's pretty cool that you work in that field. I think it's very good advice though. 
 Wow, I had no idea it was used in the 1980s! That's pretty amazing. 
 I have no idea if that's true or not. 
 I would think so too. I saw that there is 3g cell phone service at the peak of mt. everest. 
 Hello, I'm good thank you. I love to travel. Did you know the Dutch are creating a bus that goes 160 mph?
 Very cool. I'd love to visit. All of Japan's highways have tolls so it would cost about $300 to cross the country.
 Agreed.  Maybe they should run!  Humans are among the best long distance runners among all animals.  That is surprising when you think about it!
 I didn't know that. Very interesting. The first kind to travel the world was from Hawaii. Maybe he ran everywhere lol.
 Wow I didn't know that. Very interesting. I saw humans lost their body hair about 240,000 years ago.
 That's very interesting. There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
 I love football. I'm a Bengals fan. I saw Iowa painted the opposing team locker room
 I agree. In the 1960's the top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 That is hard to even comprehend now!  Almost as tough as hearing that Georgia Tech once won a football game 222-0!!
 I can't believe it. I would hate to be on Cumberland's team. Talk about depressing.
 Yes, I do too! There is only one show Bart wasn't in or mentioned. Haven't seen that one.
 lol, true. Did you know there is a fold in the brain that makes a difference in fantasy and reality?
 Hello! I'm great how are you? Do you like TV?
 I love that show! I love TV as well. We are currently watching Sherlock.
 I have! I think it's awesome that Homer has had 188 jobs through the first 400 episodes. Do you?
 I can only ever picture him working at the nuclear plant. lol
 Me too! I know he was a mascot once and in a circus another time haha. They get so many guest actors to voices on that show.
 No I wish I did so I can say I did! I want to see the treehouse of horror where Daniel Radcliffe voiced Edward Cullen haha.
 Have you ever seen any of the lord of the rings? I love those movies.
 I seen those movies. Loved the character played by Vigo Mortenson, can't think of his name, I think he died though. It's def a fantasy movie!
 I'm not sure either, but there is an actual university where you can study things like Tolkien!
 That's awesome, I'm sure they have lots of students.  They are probably just as fanatic as the Harry Potter Potterhead fans!
 Oh I agree! Have you ever watched the show Shark Tank?
 I never thought this but apparently most deals made on that show never take off.
 That's a shocker! Well, it's been fun chatting with you.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
 Thanks you as well! Take Care!
 Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.i did not know that! Did you?
 i do not know! also UNICEF donates fresh water to people I  need everytime you don't use your phone. Not sure what that intakes though 
 It's amazing how far technology has advanced.  It wasn't even that long ago - within a few generations - that we didn't even have telephones.  Now the US nuclear icbm deterrent is much weaker than an iphone!  A iphone!  It doesn't even seem possible considering the size of the hardware involved.
 Yes , people have to use telephones to either call in or text in. since telephone as a communication device permit two or more people to conduct a conversion so everyone will be able to express their views about all the participant and vote for who they want to continue in the context.
 I also listen to radio to. It is just a technology of using radio wave to carry information, such as systematically modulating properties of electromagnetic energy waves. You should know that with your phone , you can listen to numerous radio station and be happy, the good aspect of it is that there is a website that broadcast   all channels free.
 I dance well both in private and public. how well do attend a dancing diner program with your spouse since you  told me you are married?
 Oh, that is lovely. I also took lesson of waltz with my partner when we wanted to get married.They are fine and nice dance steps that people around you nearly notice you as they are engrossed in the dance once the music start.
 That's so cool.  I like her.  Did you know Bruce Lee was a great dancer?  Read somewhere that he won the Hong Kong cha cha championship in the 50s.
 Really?!? That's shocking!  I think everyone thinks he invented it.  Did read that he had a patent on a device used to achieve that extreme lean thing he does.  Think you see it in the Smooth Criminal video.
 Ha.  As a matter of fact I do.  One of the few I suppose.  But not a rotary!  Though I think that would be cool for nostalgia's sake.
 That is for sure. Doesn't matter what kind of clothes they wear.  Could be dressed in stylish, fashionable clothes, or could be in rags.  It is hard to tell something just by it's appearance.  I mean who could imagine that a little i-phone could be as powerful as it is. Things sometimes aren't what they appear.  
 I wonder about that.  How do other countries see the USA's television programs and our humor. Like you said the 70's show only lasted 10 episodes.  I wonder though how some of our shows last as long as they did.  There are over 750 episodes of pokemon and I have never seen one.  I never have watched a full south park either
 That is a lot of narration! Did they do it in person or over the telephone? Apparently an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent!
 Yes I would assume it is. The cables carrying the phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter. 
 And they just lay on the ocean floor?
 Yeah isn't that surprising. Apparently on a rotary phone 212 was the fastest number to dial and that's why it is New York's area code!
 Alright, expect a heavy delivery tomorrow lol.
 I always wondered why Americans call it soccer and in other parts of the world they call it football.  Apparantaly we call it soccer because it's slang for association football.
 I didn't know there were any episodes where Bart didn't appear in the Simpsons.
 That's a lot of jobs. For some reason, I can only remember him working at the donut factory.
 Who was Mr. Pickles? Did I just make that up? I remember Crusty the Clown a lot. I do remember a lot of "celebrity" guest appearances, too. 
 I guess because he has a red nose. I think it totally does not make sense. It's right up there with saying "Baby It's Cold Outside" is about sexual harassment. 
 I agree. I think it is more about a flirtation between a man and a woman. I can still see those things happening now. I guess, for a while, they were telling college kids they had to ask permission to kiss each other. 
 I never did either. People were going so far as to say it was racist and homophobic which I don't get at all. 
 Wow! That's amazing. Apparently you can make a primitive radio with very little. WWII soldiers would make them with a razorblade and pencil. 
 Hello how are you?  Do you watch TV? There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
 Wow! That's a lot of episodes. That 70's show was remade in the UK but was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 That show was a hit,  I wonder why it got cancelled.There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned  
 Yeah! Did u know Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
 That's interesting and good for people who listen to Latin. Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios. 
 Unfortunately,  I dont,  I watch the Marvel movies though!  Comic book legend stan lee ends every phone conversation he has with the word "excelsior!"
 That's funny! Marvel published a "generic comic book", in order to trademark the names "super-hero" and "super-villain".
 I never knew that. The first comic book was released in 1933. 
 Wow thats awhile ago. The term comic book derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.
 Comic magazine sounds weird,  but I guess that makes sense. comics has some origins in 18th century Japan
 Do you like Football. It seems the redskins had a good weekend.
 He is good. I think we may see a woman play football someday since there is no written rules if they want to play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements
 That is true and what is crazy is NFL players make so much money and an engineer makes more than them. You wouldn't think that as much as they risk their bodies
 And in today's day its crazy to me that New Orleans Saint cheerleaders cannot eat at the same restaurant as a player and if they are already eating and a player comes in to eat they must leave. Sounds really strange.
 It does sound like it started back then. I did not know Eli mannings full name is Elisha.
 And football is in his blood. I knew his brother played but I didn't know his father Archie played also
 That I did not know. Does he play football too? Football games are so long its surprising that there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 I like watching dramas on tv  too. Hugh Laurie made 700000 per episode on House. That sounds like a lot of money.
 That does. And to think Michael Caine became an actor because of the pretty girls taking acting class is funny.
 Was that like a hidden camera kind of show?
 Now soaps should be sponsored by condom companies as much as they jump in and out of bed together.
 I like the show Swat with Shemar Moore. It is pretty good. I also like Live PD.  Crazy to me how many people drive without licenses.
 Yeah, and Jim Carrey doesn't do drama any more because he doesn't want to play roles that don't show him positively. He is better in Comedy anyway.
 I like how Ole miss' campus changed the speed limit to 10 mph to honor eli manning
 Yes, it used to be 18 mph to honor his father Archie Manning
 Football season seems longer than 16 games.
 Football games are too expensive to attend so we just sometimes watch on TV. Do you think the first female NFL player is likely to be a kicker? It's fun to know that they don't actually have a restriction on gender.
 You are right about them TV has made a big difference in the game of football. It's amazing that the game play actually only last 11 minutes of the whole game!
 I don't know. that's a lot of cash. House is still a really popular show. I've only seen a few episodes but I didn't really get into it too much. Have you ever listened to any of the old radio dramas? I've heard some but didnt know you could still listen to them.
 Did you know Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama. He earns $700,000 per episode.
 Yes. The pay scale has gone up a lot over the last 20 years
 For sure. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore due to his belief system.
 I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 I know i had heard about that before.
 Michael Caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in his drama class
 I saw him on some show talk about that a while ago.
 Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper? 
 no i had never heard that before today
 Me too. The NFL has no written rules against females playing.
 Hi, I do. I really wish I had invested in it too, but I missed that boat. Not as bad as myspace who had the chance to buy facebook for just 75 million.
 Really amazing. Initially you had to be a harvard student to join, now everyone and their mom has an account. Well everyone 13 and older.
 wow, first I'm hearing about that, but can't say I'm that surprised. There certainly needs to be some level of moderation but going too far is equally bad. In schleswig-holstein in germany it's actually illegal to use the like feature on facebook.
 That really is hard to believe. Almost as hard to believe the sun isn't yellow. It's actually white. White hot.
 I know. I get burned by the sun all the time and people live after getting hit by lightning.
 If it weren't for my job, I would have quit a long time ago. There's no upside for me to be on it. I was surprised to know the reason their colors are blue and white.
 That would be worrisome. It seems like an older company but it was only founded in 1998...
 Did you read about Google changing the boundaries for land disputes? Seems passive...
 Yes, I can say it often slips my mind what a giant company they've become. Back in 2013 Google went down for about 5 minutes, and took 40% of all web traffic with it! I can only guess that they've grown substantially in the years since.
 Probably. They must have a ton of employees! Did you know they call their headquarters the Googleplex? That sounds like something from a movie to me!
 Also, one time, instead of hiring people to mow the lawns around the headquarters, they used hundreds of live goats! I wonder why they only did that once!?
  yeah that is so cool. Those people in Switzerland must be in such good shape. They definitely took the scenic route.
 Yeah I should look that up on Google. In fact, a single Google search requires more computing power and it took to send Neil Armstrong and other astronauts to the moon.
 It definitely is not. It would be so cool to go there one day. I didn't know that YouTube is owned by Google.
 Wow they must've been so smart. Everyone uses Google. It once went down for five minutes and it took 40% of web traffic with it.
 I bet everyone was freaking out too.  The internet is so important.  Google also uses Goats as lawnmowers.
 No, I thought it was a lot older than that, but the internet wasnt mainstream much before that either.
 Hahhaha I never knew that.  That's great.  On Aug. 16th, 2003 google went down for about 5 minutes and took 40 percent of the web traffic with it.
 I heard that, I dont remember that episode.
 That's kind of scary to know they have that much power. Then again, a google search has more power than what it took to put men on the moon.
 I haven't either. I always thought Henry Ford invented the automobile, I guess that honor goes to Karl Benz.
 That's nuts Pokemon has 750 episodes and hasn't been on tv as long as the Simpsons
 Yes everyday, it's fascinating my google searches require more computing power than apollo 11
 ya, do you follow Shakespeare at all? I guess only one of his plays has not been turned into a movie or TV production
 wow that is a long time, do you have a car btw? the first car was made back in the late 1800's
 ah I see, I live in Michigan which is close to ohio, but it is apprently illegal to warm your car in Ohio, glad thats not the law here!
 haha ya, if people started reading a lot in this day and age society would think that was a wonderful thing! haha
 I can't say that I do no, I do like audiobooks, I did try to speed read once but I found I didn't retain any information from it, that's why I don't know what to make of the speed reading champion with 4,700 words per minute
 ya exactly, if I could just flip through pages I could speed read too, what is weird is Starship Troopers is on the military's reading list, idk about the book but the movie is definitely not pro military
 ya I think it was because that was the fastest number that you could dial with a rotary phone? Crazy how that stuff carries over until even today!!
 ya it's only about 3 inches thick, I wonder how it is protected? is it just a cable or are there safeguards in place in case like a ship sinks and crushes it, etc
 I do like cars, I wish I lived in  south africa so I could legally put a flamethrower on top of my car, it would help in all this snow!
 ah that makes sense, well I learned something today, I drive a Cadillac and I didn't know that the name came from the last name of the founder of Detroit!
 I didn't know they added them so late. I thought that McD's had drive-thrus before then. 
 I wonder how successful that program has been. People are addicted to their phones!
 Wow- I don't think I could comprehend what I was reading if I were going that fast.
 the one built back in 1908??
 how about flame throwers? does either car have that nice feature installed? Theyre legal in South Africa apparently
 you just might not be asking the right people!
 speakng of Military, did you know Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel to be on the reading list of 3 of the US military branches? thats crazy to me
 Probably just luck... Like no correlation between cell phone connection quality and "bars" of service.  Quality must be just luck. 
 Makes sense... It's amazing that Dolphins can communicate over a phone and know who they are talking to!  Go Flipper! 
 That is amazing, I knew that some people understood what Dolphins are communicating, but now over the phone,wow. 
 Oh yeah, I remember.  I don't remember hearing that President Andrew Johnson never went to school and his wife helped teach him reading and math. 
 It still amazed me, a phone for dolphins. It was nice chatting with you.
 Interesting! Apparently 1886 was the birth year of the modern car!
 Wow! That's a long time! But not that long if you consider the amount of fossil fuel we've already used up! I guess Mcdonalds added drive-thrus in 1975 for soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues. Interesting!
 Interesting indeed! I thought drive throughs were meant for lazy people!
 Exactly! Apparently it is legal in South Africa to equip you car with flame throwers!
 Sometimes but I read slow. Did you know the record for fastest reader is 4700 words a minute?
 I read that in High School. It was actually suggested for the marine corps and many other military organizations.
 Speaking of odd... It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.
 that is very interesting, who thinks of these last names though!
 It was ok, a lot more campier than the novel. Apparently it is on the reading list of five US military branches. 
 I'm not really big into it. Did you know pilgrim clothing is very colorful?
 I did not know that. The movies and tv have them wearing drab clothing all the time. That's not true/
 Yep. It says they only wore black on special occasions.
 Wow. I see apple had a clothing line in 1986???? I had no idea!
 That's funny. I'm guessing it didn't do to well?
 I can't imagine it. There is a store in Alabama that only sells clothes, cameras, etc. found in unclaimed baggage at airports.
 I little as well. The top 3 wealthiest presidents are Washington, JFK, and Jefferson.
 I bet he is on the top of the list and that the list is just outdated. 
 I bet it's pretty high. Imagine if Trump was a pop star?
 Really!? I had no idea! Did you know there was only one episode where bart wasn't shown or mentioned?
 Hi there! Did you know there was only one Simpson's episode where Bart did not appear?
 I like Santa's little helper. Hey, so when South Park put Family Guy on they sent flowers to the cast of Simpson's. 
 Ha! That's funny. There have been a lot of famous people that voiced Thomas the Tank. So strange...
 Tell me who! That is a cute show. And how about Pokemon. It had 750 episodes! I never saw one.
 I don't know. Did you know UNICEF had a thing going where they would send a bottle of water to a child in need for every day you don't use your cell phone?
 I know! The king of horror writing. Do you think that helped him become a better writer or pointed him in the right direction? I bet he burned some calories!
 I'm sorry, I have that backwards. Suppossidly if you watch a horror movie before viewing abstract art you will enjoy the art more.
 Wow, I will have to try that before I go to the Art Museum. The majority of the creepy metal noices are made by a waterphone. I had no clue.
 I'd like to see a waterphone. The kid from the Shining didn't know he was in the movie until several years later. That's probably best he didn't know.
 Whoa!  I don't think I would want to be one of the employees.  Hope that had a good quality control team!  lol  I was surprised to find out that Pilgrims clothing was full of color.  I'm so used to them being portrayed wearing black and white.
 Ha! You're kidding me? That's embarrassing. Speaking of presidents, isn't it surprising Woodrow Wilson was the only US president ever to have a PhD?
 Wow! Now that is a surprise. Just like when I found out that FDR was the last US president that fluently spoke a foreign language. I just always assumed they all spoke different languages. 
 I do use it a lot, actually. What about you? It's hard to believe Facebook has more users than there were people in the world 200 years ago, isn't it?
 that would be sweet.  i heard soccer makes more than football basketball baseball golf tennis and hockey combined
 Not possible... not in USA at least... :)
 Agreed. I hear there is a version of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
 I've never seen that, but yes, I've heard of it. Do You think it's entertaining ? To play ? To watch ? :)
 i would imagine.  john stewart was a big soccer player too.  played in 1983 pan am games for the US
 do you watch NFL?  its crazy the average game has 11 minutes of action.
 I do not, sorry - but how is it possible that there is only 11 minutes of action ? Doesn't seem entertaining to watch...
 Haha  no scoring in soccer is the problem....lots of running and passing but no goals very often.  We want results in the states.  Goals and scoring!  
 i can see that.  MLS is getting bigger here now.  72,035 at a game in Atlanta for Atlanta United game.
 No I think soccer is really boring. I can't believe either that it makes more worldwide than all other sports combined, I don't see how that's possible
 Yeah we can only hope! I do remember Jon Stewart on The Daily Show, apparently he was a big soccer player back in the 80s which I didn't know
 Yes I travel a lot for work actually. I've always wanted to go to Japan, but I don't like how all of their highways have tolls, that sounds expensive
 Yes the plane situation their sounds really expensive and very wasteful. What do you think about Mackinac Island though? They don't allow any cars on the island
 I should have guessed that. They were one of the best teams for a long time. I don't know how they are doing lately in the NFL though.
 They also played in front of 4K that same week! It needs some help in the US...
 I had no idea about the 250 million soccer players. That's a ton!
 I had no idea Jon Stewart was that good. To play in college is an accomplishment.
 Yeah he has red/green colorblindness right? Makes sense why it is all blue then. I figured it was because it is an eye catching color. 
 They really are. It has quite the viewership though. They get more people watching them than both msnbc and cnn. That is quite a lot of people. 
 Wow, yeah, that is a lot. And they air in 86 countries across the world.
 No, I didn't know Myspace had that opportunity. I bet they wish they had. I was surprised to learn a third of divorces in 2011 had the word Facebook in their filing, though. Did you know that?
 Well, I sincerely respect your opinion on Nike, I have to confess I threw out my Nikes to honor the deaths of my four relatives killed in war. 
 No, I haven't heard of IGN. What are they? I just heard something really surprising, did you know the NFL has a rocket scientist as a coach?
 Matt Patricia is the guy's name, he was a aeronautical engineer before he started coaching. Really? Women can play? That's wild!! I haven't heard of any women playing, have you?
 ya me too, also glad myspace didnt' buy facebook back in 2005 haha
 that is a wild thing, its crazy that it was valued at 104 billion at their IPO, that is so much money!
 yup that true, wild they only started back in 2004 and you were initially limited to being a harvard student
 ya I watch it sometimes, I read the site ign.com every day for videogame stuff, and they are apparently owned by fox news
 haha Id watch that, weird though that fox news co-creator was Richard Nixon, didn't know that
 haha no I don't think so, but crazy that fox news is in 86 countries and not just the usa
 Well you're lucky, where I live it's too spread out and I need to use a car, I am grateful that McDonald's created the drive-through though LOL
 Yep that was nice of them, do you know how the name Cadillac came about? Apparently a person whose last name was Cadillac discovered Detroit and that's why the car company is named Cadillac
 Well it's a racing video game. It's on the Sony PlayStation, apparently someone beat 90,000 people in that game and then became a professional race car driver which is cool
 Well old cars used to have wooden trunks in the back to carry stuff, and so I guess the name just stuck
 That's a really interesting little fact! Speaking of little facts, did you know that New Yorks area code is 212 because it was the fastest to dial on a rotary phone?
 That is pretty cool, I don't use my phone all day long so I should try donating some of my time to that, what do you think about a cellphone having more power than an entire missile defense system?
 I bet they do! I think that Facebook was worth about 100 billion dollars the last time they did evaluation
 Oh that is interesting! And now look how far they've come. It's interesting how other companies do the opposite, and instead of engaging with Facebook they go against them. I remember Burger King had a promotion where you got a free Whopper by unfriending 10 people.
 Haha what is up with that! Burger Kind has an agenda! Yeah, interested to see how Facebook ends up. There was a time I never thought I'd see the end of Myspace!
 Oh wow! Maybe that's why they added other options... At least I noticed my brother doing a smiley face instead of a like, I believe. I just found out that Mark Zuckerberg made facebook blue, because he suffers from red-green blindness! crazy!
 I didn't know that's why Facebook is blue! I'm sure other colorblind folk appreciate it too haha. And that's true Facebook is becoming even bigger in other areas, I heard Iceland is actually rewriting their constitution and using Facebook to get the public to make suggestions.
 See, for all the positivity YouTube inspires there's still a lot of hate on it, guess you have to see the best of both sides. Anyways it was very nice chatting with you tonight, have a great night!
 yes. I saw the burger king promo where you unfriend 10 people and get a whopper.
 That is strange
 Yes he is partially color blind
 Yes. That why he made facebook mostly blue.
 That is amazing
 Interestingly enough. the last president who spoke a foreign language fluently was FDR. That was almost 100 years ago.
 Wow, I guess that tells us a lot about our leaders and their lack of preparation, 
 Why did they want people to unlike others?
 I love football. Did you know Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink?
 HAHA. Can you imagine how boring that game must have been. 222-0.
 And frustrating if you were losing!  How do you even score that many points?
 I agree. Green-Ellis went his entire NFL career without fumbling the football and he was a running back.
 Me too. Did you know managers can actually play which is the reason they wear uniforms?
 Yeah, I wonder how many times that has actually happened.  
 True, I cant believe a married couple used to schedule all of the games!  2430 Games!  that is crazy
 That's crazy! I can't believe that either. Must have taken a long time to get scheduled.
 I did not know that. I thought the model t was. Benz got in there first? Like McDonalds adding the drive thru first...
 If I have any albums they are CDs from the 90s and probably lost in an attic or basement. What about you?
 That's a good album. Kind of interesting that Linkin Park has the best-selling album in the 21st century though I don't think they compare to Pink Floyd
 Strange considering how popular it was/is. That was the first album to reach platinum status without support from radio play or a major tour.
 I think I heard that from somewhere before. I do know that WW2 soldiers created "foxhole radios" by simply using a razorblade and pencil as a diode.
 Well back then if they did hear storms from Jupiter they probably didn't know it and thought their radios were busted haha
 Did you know that  The ramones did over 2200 concerts over 20 years? 
 I did not know that.  I am discovering many new things doing this.  I didn't know that soccer made more money that basketball, football, golf and hockey combined.
 I can believe that though. It is incredibly popular in Europe and throughout the world. 
 I know it is popular, but I always thought that the professionals in all sports here in America were paid so much more.  I guess I'm out of touch.
 It is said that there are 250 million soccer players in the world.  That is a lot of folks playing soccer.
 Agreed! Sometimes if you listen to the a.m. radio you can pick up Jupiter radio storms.
 I would like to know what that sounds like. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Wonder if they have that one that is able to be listen to? According to Canadian law all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music play be Canadian.
 And Justin Bieber and Drake LOL! There is even a Latin radio broadcast in Finland!
 Yes very true. Another more mainstream band was Pink Floyd and their album Dark Side of the Moon is still popular 40 years later!
 The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 The cell phone is the chief form of entertainment for most people. Did you know that the NES was discontinued in 2003? I thought they had stopped it long before.
 Much like his Dad, that band opened for Luke Bryan.
 I wonder how crisp the rap album from Japanese identical twin centenarians would sound.
 That would be fun to here!  I like how Bob Marley is still on the top album chart after 914 weeks!
 Him and Bieber!  But even Bieber is not as big as Bing Crosby once was - he got half the radio air time back in 1948
 no new ones, but dark side of the moon was released 40 years ago and was still one of the best selling albums in 2014
 how about japanese identical twins releasing a rap album when they turned 100
 might be, canadian law requires 40% radio music played be canadian
 true, if you are into classic radio dramas, you can listen to thousands for free on the internet
 interesting and crazy
 true, ww2 soldiers made radios with razorblades and pencils!
 i bet, quite inventive
 I do . I love music. Did you know two identical twins from Japan released a rap album at 100.
 Straight outta compton was first album to reach platinum status with touring and airplay. I remember when that came out
 Music is important for soldiers also. In WWII they made radios by using pencils and razor blades. That is inventive.
 That would be interesting to find out. Everyone uses phones today. Did you know Unicef will donate a days clean water to children in need for every minute you don't use your phone.
 Its a win win. But I don't know if teenagers will stay off the phone. Did you know New York's area code was 212 because it was the fastest number you could dial on a rotary phone. Imagine kids having to use that.
 I saw another one like that with a bunch of  teenagers and they were getting so mad trying to figure out how to make a call.
 That sounds crazy. Have to be Hercules to separate that 
 Makes you wonder if the fish would try to eat it.
 Did you know they still make Vinyl LP's. I thought they stopped making them a long time ago but hey record players are making a comeback.
 I was just cleaning out my safe and found a bunch of old 45's. I was thinking the same thing.
 music takes an important role in peoples lives. Did you kknow that Reel big fish re recorded all of their hits to make a best of album after they lost the rights  to the originals to their old record company.
 Wow, I didnt know about the WW2 part.  That is pretty incredible 
 True. What about that one world series where babe ruth was caught stealing to end game 7 and lose the 1926 world series with his team only losing by one run. That is rough!
 I agree. I am sure the world was shocked!  What about those cubs winning back to back world series. Pretty impressive!
 I know! The ottoman empire was still in existence the last time the cubs won the world series. That sure does date it!
 True. Do you know about how Air Jordan's used to be banned from the NBA when they played. Jordan always wore them anyways because Nike would pay the fine.
 True. I mean endorsements are big payoffs. How about allen iverson's lifetime endorsement with reebok that pays him $800,000 a year until he reaches 55 and then he gets a lump payment of $32,000,000. Crazy!
 That is about the only way I can get a shot to go in! What about Reggie Miller's sister Cheryl? She scored 105 points in one game and broke 8 national records!
 That's how I feel. I root for the underdog. Did you know the dodgers have lost more world series than any other team.
 that could be true. When the mets beat the red sox in 1986, yankee fans attended the celebrating parade saying if someone beats boston they are worth coming down for.
 I didn't realize there were 29 teams in the US and 1 in Canada.
 I don't watch alot of hocky. did you know 2 years after retirement 78% of NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress.
 I am sure it does. They put tracking chips in the players shoulder pad and the ball to track them.
 Every game tells a story which you want to see how it ends.
 I do not watch them too much. Did you know that the women's world cup had higher television ratings than the world series in the US?
 They do? I used to love them in Full House great show
 I can't believe he did that. Think about the people he had on set... To change the subject.... From 9pm to 12am, netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america.
 HA! That's great. Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america
 Hopefully. Blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $50 million. netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 One store left... In Alaska!
 Right! Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth
 Lots of money! Too bad I didn't invest earlier.
 The NES was special, they continued making them until 2003. That's like as if Sony still produced PS2 today. 
 Yes I follow it from time to time. I also know that the president of Indonesia made three pop albums, maybe Trump will do the same haha
 I don't know. You would think that Trump would be on that list but I guess he's not? I do know that Washington and Jefferson had slaves and so that probably helped with their overall net worth
 Yep that makes sense. Do you think we should go back to our old rules for vice-presidents? You know the one that until 1805 said that the vice president would be the runner-up in the presidential election?
 No!!!  Could you imagine a President Trump and a Vice-President Clinton.  Washington is already dysfunctional.  That would make it much worse.  or, perhaps more entertaining and comical!!!  Did you know Ronald Reagan, during his actor days, was rejected for a role because he did not look presidential?  I wonder if that director who rejected him was still alive when he did become President?
 I heard about that, I think they are the same size actually. Dear to me is that the White House still uses floppy drives for some reason
 Yep I can see that perspective. He should focus more on making sure the White House stops using floppy drives and switches to USB drives haha! What did Shaq me to is that George W Bush's the one to put solar panels on the White House, that's definitely interesting
 It seems that some presidents like to leave their mark on the White House.  I remember Carter putting them up, Reagan taking them down, and the Bush putting them back up.  What I find interesting in White House trivia is that Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House!  I guess as the founder of our national park system, he was against tree murder!!
 Yep that's really weird! And I know that he likes to hunt too so I don't know why he would be suddenly a tree conservationist haha. What is scary is that one time the White House was shot and it took the Secret Service four days to realize it
 Well enjoy that! I also never knew that John Adams was the first president to live in the White House back in 1800
 Amazing to think those old consoles only came with a 54 color display. Quite the difference from the ones now
 I don't know too much!  I know that the first president of zimbabwe was named banana!
 I never knew that.  I didn't know that the runner up in a presidential election used to be automatically the vice president.
 for that fact, I knew.  Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in the office
 Honestly, he does not look like a typical president to me.  He looks more like an actor or a business man.
 I think it's funny that the president's guest house is larger than the actual white house.
 That fact is interesting.  I think they have too many guests at one time.
 I guess.  The secret service isn't so bright sometimes.  It took them four days to realize bullets hit the white house in 2011.
 It is a scary fact.  We should do everything to protect the most important person on this earth.  Btw, did you know that the white house still uses floppy disks to store files on.
 That's good. I also enjoyed watching Joe Rogan on his Netflix special. Netflix spends 20 times more in postage than bandwidth.
 That's a really good question. And actually the $40 late fee is why read Hastings was inspired to start Netflix.
 Ha ha I am thinking the latter would be more realistic. I definitely love having an iPhone. It has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 Yeah I would really like to enroll in the program sounds like it does a lot of good. The cables caring phone and Internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter, I feel like it should be more protected.
 Yeah I would think so. Do you remember the days of phone books? It is impossible to separate to find books that simply have their pages overlap together. I believe it.
 Wow that is pretty cool I guess. There's also a radio station that broadcasts are weekly news program in Latin. All the way in Finland.
 Yeah that's the one. I don't think I would get much out of listening to it. Soldiers once made radios using only a razor blade and a pencil.
 lol  I was surprised to find out that they finally discontinued it in Japan in 2003.  That must have been when they switched over to the Game Cube.
 must be, but I did not know the white house still uses floppy disks.
 I did not know that, I also like that the presidents guess house is bigger than the white house.
 I think the story of the water crisis in Flint Michigan is very startling, I think it was very important for it to be covered. 
 Yes that is honestly quite scary I have no idea when or why those could have hit the white house. I think it was good President Bush added Solar panels though, its a good guideline to follow. 
 Indeed it is, have you ever considered visiting the white house? i think it would be an interesting experience. 
 Yeah, that is pretty crazy.  on a VHS too.  I didnt know VHS could even cost that much.  LOL
 Wow, I wonder if things ran a lot smoother with an actually educated person in charge. The guest house is bigger than white house, that's nuts!
 Wow, I never knew that about FDR, I wonder what other language he spoke? Maybe German? Bush had solar panels in the white house too, that was surprisng.
 Ah I gotcha, that makes sense. I wonder who was shooting at the White House on November 11, 2001? Never even heard about that.
 Odd. Speaking of presidents, when Regan was an actor he was rejected for a role because he didn't have a presidential look
 I could use a little more but not so much that I have to watch my own family.
 No, but somehow I can see that.  He's always been a big ol' kid himself.  Cool.  I can't see him doing something dark like "Shark Tank."
 I guess most say it's "medium."  Its kinda rare that we aren't a binary system.  Jupiter came close to having the mass for a sun.  A radio station makes music from our sun.  Love to hear it. 
 You were great giving you a deserved "excellent"  See ya...
 Thanks
 No, I did not. Was it recently?
 No way! I've seen so many episodes and I never even knew that! Crazy!
 That is so weird! Do you know what the longest running skit is on SNL?
 Ah.
 Really? Was that the car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company?
 Did you know that in new zealand, their basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks", don't think that would fly over here
 I was unaware of that. In the US the supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor. 
 I'm not sure. You have to wonder if they do play together when deciding cases. 
 That is amazing, like how could you invent something and be also so bad at it, also it's wild that the dunk was banned from basketball for a while, I would have thought that was a guaranteed feature of the game
 that is wild, I have seen a couple episodes of house, like the show is OK but I don't see why people were so crazy about the show or Hugh Laurie
 I think the show lasted too long to be honest with you. It was good though. 
 Jim Carrey was good in Ace Ventura, I haven't seen many of his other movies though. 
 Well I remember those movies were good for the time, but now when you watch them they are pretty cringey, at least in my opinion, it's funny that Michael Caine became an actor because he says all the cutest girls were in drama class
 Ya he plays a gret Alfred, there is a site where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free, I bet people in the 40's would have killed to have access to that and now people don't really care because we have youtube haha
 No, I can think of a lot of better things to do with my time that would be more enteertaining, I wonder how you make a foxhole radio out of a razorblade and a pencil, I guess they did that in wwii
 I've heard about that. Sort of a bizarre rule. I'm not sure what the Jupiter sounds would actually sound like, probably just static. 
 Could be more interesting than the finnish radio station that broadcasts weekly news entirely in latin, that would put me to sleep
 I guess that makes sense. I always just assumed there was only a 3pointer, a layup and a dunk but I guess there is also something called a field goal that is worth two points. 
 I have two small boys. Not familiar with any of the children's books. "love" seems like it might be cute though.
 I haven't heard of the pigeon books, I'll have to check those out. Are you pumped for the superbowl? I always thought it was weird that three different sports with completely different rules are all called football.
 So true!  Did you know that the sun is actually white and only looks yellow due to atmospheric scattering?
 lol  Dark Side of the Moon was released over 40 years ago but as recently as 2014 it was still one of the best selling albums of that year!
 lol  2 identical twins from Japan recorded a rap album when they turned 100 years old in 1992.  Wouldn't think they would be into rap?  lol
 Yeah for sure... many of late nights binge watching Breaking Bad!    Just crazy how Sean thought he never retained Cohen!
 Me too, on the way to work, you know Jupiter has rario storms that can be picked up by an AM radio
 That's cool, I wonder what it sounds like?
 This is true!  That's too funny that in canada 40% of music has to be canadian.  You imagine that law in the US... people would revolt!
 I did not know that. Soldiers in WWII made radios using a razorblade and a pencil which is impressive. 
 I like listening to the news. When I'm not listening to AM radio though I listen to classic rock. did you know that Jupiter has radio storms we can pick up on our radio?
 Yes there's a website that will play them for free. But they always say you get what you pay for haha. One station I won't be listening to is the one that plays classical Latin news
 I do. Didn't people throw themselves out of Windows when that was playing or something? Maybe I should avoid that actually haha
 Yes, they went crazy! They redid that show in Brazil and when they found out it was fake, they stormed the station and burned it down.
 I think Fox Nudes is a different channel. I do not think I have seen that one. HA! I have not heard of IGN.com.
 lol whoops! yes if you like video games you like that website. They have a lot of news and other stuff, I guess Fox News was going to sue The Simpsons at one point? that seems really dumb
 Oh yes, I love tv.  I saw that weekend update debuted on the first episode of SNL and is their longest running skit
 I like to watch comedy as well. I really liked that 70s show. They tried to remake it in the UK verbatim but it was cancelled after ten episodes. Don't know why they didn't just watch the original!
 Yeah thaats wierd.  I saw that Daniel Radcliffe voiced the cartoon parady of Twilight
 Was that on the Simpsons? There is only one episode where he does not appear and is not mentioned.
 yes,  He played Edward Cullen on the Simpsons episode of Treehouse of Horror xxi
 And when South Park aired its family guy episode finale the producers got flowers from the Simpsons crew. Not sure why.
 Maybe because they are both cartoons that are popular.  I saw that Homer Simpson has held 188 jobs
 Wow that is a lot! I only remember the one plant job.
 Did you know that most deals made on television show Shark Tank are never enacted
 Wow, that is surprising. What network is Shark Tank played on?
 I am not sure.  I did see that Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democrat party agenda
 Wow, but thye also discussed the possibility of having a cable channel only airing the Simpsons. Guess they had a love hate relationship with it.
 I suppose so.  In 2007 fox news tried to have a conversation version of "The Daily Show" 
 Interesting. Well, they know what they are doing for the most part as they are more watched than CNN and MSNBC
 yes, the show was going to be called "The 1/2 Hour News Hour" it was cancelled though after 13 episodes
 Oh, I didn't know know that. Fox News alaso owns IGN.
 Yes, and it is available in 86 countries or overseas territories worldwide
 I just learned that it was created in part by President Richard Nixon.
 Thats interesting.  In 2015 the median viewer age for Fox News was 68 years
 Sometimes I prefer to listen to music on the radio instead of the news. In Canada, all radios must play 40 percent of the music as Canadian music.
 Its a difficult spot for sure, specially with all the viewers Fox has, more than CNN and MSNBC put together!
 I use a cell phone, but I haven't used a landline in years. I think it's interesting how compared to the US nuclear ICBM deterrent, the iPhone has more computing power
 No, but that would be fun. I heard the fastest area code to dial on the rotary phone is 212, which is why that's New York's area code
 yes, they were a pain to call someone bu tat the same time a little fun too
 Did you ever use a phone book? When two pages are overlapped together, it's impossible to separate two phonebooks
 True. But people have become so attached to cell phones that for every minute you don't use it, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need
 Yeah that must be a lot of money if we put a little effort into it.
 True. The cables on the ocean floor that carry the internet and phone data are only 2.7 inches in diameter
 I wonder how long they are though. I mean they cross really large oceans
 That's true, but it still efficiently transmitted the human voice across all those miles!
 yeah, the technology has really progressed. Do you like trousers?
 I typically call them pants, but apparently the Romans saw them as signs of barbarism
 Maybe that's not a bad thing. Aladdin wouldn't be allowed there though. His pants were inspired by MC Hammer
 yeah and they were for sure very saggy
 The popularity of pants started with riding horses, which makes sense. Wearing a robe while on a horse would be very uncomfortable
 Those must have been a special pair of pants. Some think pants originated in East Asia of all places
 True! And it's hard to believe of all the presidents we've had since FDR, he was the last to actually speak a foreign language.
 Very true! No telling where we'd be today if that was the case. So many generations of politicians there. Who knows how differently things could be? Heck, women weren't allowed to wear pants on the Senate floor until 1993!
 I know, it's hard to think how things would have turned out. That's crazy. I heard that a D.C. judge sued a small dry cleaning business for over $67 million for the loss of a pair of pants. Those must have been some special pants. 
 Did you know that Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer? I thought it would be the other way around?
 Oh wow, I did not know that. Did you know that people started wearing pants because of horses? Mounted armies found that pants were more effective than wearing robes.
 Actually, I did not. That makes sense though. Could you imagine wearing robes today? I mean, I can just see us on the phone wearing robes! Ha! Speaking of phones, I found out recently an undertaker invented the dial telephone because he thought operators were rerouting his calls to rivals. Ha!
 I couldn't imagine that. We would be sitting around like the Dude from Big Lebowski. That's crazy though, I found out that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. That's crazy. 
 Oh wow! Speaking of iPhones, there's actually really no correlation between connection quality and service bars! Weird, huh?
 You would think.  I wonder why it wasn't 121?  That would seem faster.  
 What do you think about the Catholic Church? It scares me that they don't have a system in place for reporting misconduct
 Wow I didn't know that. What is strange is that New York's area code is two-one-two only because of the rotary phone and we don't even use those anymore LOL
 Oh that's interesting, maybe you didn't know this, but your iPhone actually has more computing power than our entire missile deterrent system in the United States
 I've heard that. Hedy Lamarr was an acress, and she helped invent wifi.
 That's really cool! She sounds very talented, did you know that the cable that connects the United States to Europe is only about 3 in thick and stretches across the entire Atlantic Ocean
 I did not. She also helped with the cellphone and gps development. She was a very smart lady.
 Haha that sounds really weird. It's funny that until 1998 political people in Britain used to wear a top hat in the House of Commons, I guess they changed that now though
 LOL good point, why do you think that old west movies show everyone wearing cowboy hats instead of the much more realistic bowler hats which were actually more popular
 That is pretty cool, I also think it's interesting how different religions use hats, and how they look, for instance the miters worn by Bishops
 That is a great service. Iceland you would to take domestic flights if you do not have a car to travel between towns. Or crash on people's couches
 I never knew that. I also did not know that the first King to travel around the world was King Kalakaua of Hawaii. I would have thought it was a European king.
 I'm sure he did. He is just lucky he didn't travel on Japan's current highway tolls. It costs more than $300 to travel across the country.
 That is crazy! About as crazy as airports making people walk farther instead of fetching their bags faster and it actually stops most of the complaints!
 How smart. I would hope my baggage would be close by on Mackinac Island in Michigan because there are no cars. You have to travel by carriage or bike.
 That must be a nightmare for those poor residents. Ha! Imagine wanting to go see a presidential campaign rally or something and have to take a bike. No way! Ha! Speaking of presidents, can you believe Woodrow Wilson was the only president to have a PhD?
 I would think there would be a lot more. I was shocked to find out that Trump was not in the top three wealthiest Presidents.
 That is shocking! And I was also shocked to learn FDR was the last US president that fluently spoke a foreign language!
 Wow. Our Presidents need to be a bit more versatile. Like the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I think that would be fair because you wouldn't have the same Presidency twice. On the opposite side, in America the law as that the runner up to President automatically became Vice President. That's like two different presidencies at once.
 well she makes like 120k per episode, thats insane! But she is good at her job haha
 haha yes she is, and she is the second highest paid celebrity next to Lebron James
 I have yes, Robin williams did a great job and started the trend of celebrity voice actors in disney movies!
 It's interesting that the church seems to admit that there is a sexual abuse crisis.
 I heard Pope Francis had some problems and they wanted to kick him out, I guess its because his putting order in the house.
 I expected Trump to be one of them. Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released pop albums? I can't wait for a US president to release an album.
 I don't know, how interesting!
 I'm shocked that it's that high actually haha. I know that I never read those things haha. Other shocking thing is that there is actually 3-g cell service at the top of Mount Everest, good to know that I'll be able to post on Facebook while I'm hiking haha
 Haha exactly LOL. how often do you use the internet? I know that I used it about every day. It's good to know that the entire net is being backed up at the Library of Alexandria
 I agree, it's wild that both parties have existed for a long time, and you haven't had a u.s. President who wasn't either a Democrat or Republican since about 1853
 I know right! Those have existed I thought for my entire life, but apparently not. Another weird thing is that every president with a beard has been a Republican and not a Democrat. I wonder why?
 Yep you're right about that. one thing I think is really stew is that President Truman wouldn't be photographed next to Dumbo in Disneyland, because the elephant is of course associated with Republicans, isn't that stupid?
 Yep you're right, it's JFK, Jefferson, and Washington, that seems very screwy but I think they adjusted for inflation
 Or the data is a few years old - but I don't know Trump's true wealth, he has had several bankruptcies.  
 Yep I don't really know what he's worth. So maybe that's why he's not included I just don't know haha. One thing I also don't know is why the president of Zimbabwe is called president banana. I wonder if he likes that
 Haha I may be. I have to do some more research I guess. And I want to do some other research on why the guest house is bigger than the White House itself. Like who designed that?
 I do a little bit. Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington?
 really? No Trump?
 I bet he will eventually be on that list. The first president in Zimbabwe was nicknamed president Banana lol.
 lol. The president's guest house is actually larger than the white house.
 Not too sure on that. I saw that up until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election became the VP>
 That would be very very bad in my opinion lol. I feel like we would get nothing done.
 I think so too lol! The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I bet they aren't too bad. Imagine if Trump was also a pop artist LOL.
 HAHA! That's hilarious!
 did you know the last US president to speak any foreign language fluently was FDR? its been awhile!
 Yeah... but did you vote?  Did you know the three richest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 My family is the same.  Both parents, both Grandfathers and 5 out of 7 of my siblings all served.  I'm the only Marine though.  LOL.  Have you ever been to the White House?  The guest house is larger than the White House!
 Not angry at all!  You must learn the game and then play it to the best of your ability.  She lost twice. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana
 That's such a long time ago. Theodore Roosevelt  formed the Progressive Party.
 what color do they use? Consistent use of "red" and "blue" colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000
 Sometimes...  I watch the Simpsons now and then. It always has Bart it seems.
 Like why NY's area code is 212.  Simple explanation... It was easier to dial with rotary phones...
 THat makes for interesting discussions in the White House I imagine. I don't remember when that changed. WOuldn't mind being a guest of the president. The guest house is bigger than the White House.
 wow.  and an iphone has more computing power the the US ICBM program
 right!  Little fact I think is funny:  The guest house is bigger than the white house.  
 Oh that would be entertaining.  Hillary and Donald working together haha
 the british have some interesting politics for sure.  And while we're on hats, the old west's most popular hat wasn't a cowboy hat but rather a bowler
 oh yes, that is correct many do have religious meanings. 
 hello,  how are you?  did you know The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 I dont actually.  The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
 This sounds expensive! All of japans highways are tolls, and it costs more than 300$ to travel across the country.
 Interesting fact, I bet their roads are all in very good condition. 
 I dont,  who?  i know In 1972, pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii...with no audience.
 I dont  know who Deep Purple is.  What type of music are they? In croatia, there is an ancient roman amphitheater that is still in use as a concert venue
 I know right!  great talking to you!
 Hugh Laurie is a mad genius. Guess he can afford to be at 700k per episode!
 I love to travel. Did you know the Dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph?
 I can't believe it cost $300 to travel across the country.
 Definitely. Iceland has no public rail system so most people travel by air there.
 I agree. The first king to travel the world was from Hawaii.
 I agree. Mackinac Island has banned motorized vehicles for over a hundred years.
 Theres a show called Ikea heights. It is shot in a real Ikea store without the company knowing
 Did you know the term soap opera was coined because originally soap manufacturers sponsored the show?
 It was Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory. I find that very surprising. I would have guessed the Beatles. 
 I did not. You would think there would be more than one with as long as that show has been on the air. 
 Do you like TV ?There are over 750 episodes of "pokemon." I have not seen not one episode.
 I used to have a dvd subscription!  How about you
 Haha, funny. Somehow though, Netflix is worth a lot of money, $2 billion. Blockbuster declined to buy netflix for $50 million.
 I want to be a tagger,  wonder how much they pay?
 That would be neat. I wonder too. I can't believe that Netflix still spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth. I guess people still use the DVD option. I have heard there are more program options available but I just can't imaging using the service like that anymore. I used to before the streaming option became good enough.
 And together with YouTube Netflix makes up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 Wow, that is a lot. And there is only one episode where Bart doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.
 Thats nuts...he and Homer are the stars.
 Hello, I have not. The last time I went to a music concert was for a cultural concert about eight years ago. Speaking of concerts, did you know that Pink Floyd was performing at a live concert with nobody there?
 I feel like they got off easy though. Nickleback gets most of the hate. I think it should be Creed.
 No, I didn't know that!  Speaking of the Simpsons, did you know Home has held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes?  That's pretty nutty, even for a cartoon!
 Oh neat!  I was just going to ask you about that.. did you know Netflix has people who do nothing but watch Netflix and tag the content?  Sounds like my kind of job!  :)
 No, I did not. I'm not sure I could do it! I know they have a lot of subscribers. At the end of October 2018 they had 137 million subscribers worldwide.
 They've got a lot of interesting stuff on their too.  Did you know they have an hour long video that's nothing but a fireplace?  I think that's popular around winter time. 
 That's funny! Hard to believe Blockbuster turned down several offers to buy Netflix.
 Yeah, I can't remember the exact number, but they say they were offered to buy it for like 30 million (or some other "low" amount) and it's now worth around 2 billion.  Bet someone kicks themselves over that decision!
 They've got a lot of good movies though.  I'm told 150 of them have a 100 % rating on rotten tomatoes!
 Yikes! Netflix and Youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 do you watch many dramas?  Did you know they call them "Soap Operas" because they used to literally be sponsored by soap?  Makes sense, I think.
 Did you know Patrick Stewart teaches a drama class?  I'd LOVE to be in one of his classes!  One could learn so much from him!
 I wonder where people refer to it like that? 
 I had no idea they had that many. I wonder how many do not become popular.
 I can't believe blockbuster declined offers to buy netflix. 
 Hi. You a fan of Netflix? I love it personally. Founded all the way back in 1997!
 True. Netflix was started because the founder was sick of paying a late fee on VHS! What a visionary.
 Wonder what the next big thing will be. You like drama genre? I liked House MD. Hugh Laurie made 700,000 per House episode!
 Yeah he was incredible in that show I agree. Jim Carrey doesn't make drama anymore luckily. He should stay with comedy.
 Agreed. Jon Hamm is good too. He taught drama at his old high school. Pretty lucky students!
 You're right, Ellie Kemper who is Erin from the office. love that show. Michael Caine became an actor because all the hot girls were in drama class!
 Yeah I agree. Do you still watch tv? The 70's show was made into a UK version although I have never seen it. 
 Thats surprising! Netflix gets a bad rap for having TOO much content sometimes...lol
 Really? 33% I heard that netflix and youtube take up over 50% combined as well!
 Believe it or not, netflix manages to spend more on postage than they do on bandwidth!
 Wow, I did not know that. In the first 400 episodes of the simpsons, homer simpson managed to hold 188 different jobs!
 Pokemon has put out a ton of episodes too. 750 to be exact!
 Ah, I watch some anime and some tv shows. Speaking of drama, did you know that Patrick Stewart taught master classes for drama students in the UK?
 Jim carrey will only do positive projects so he won't work on dramas. Talk about sticking to your morals!
 Yea, now Netflix has offices in Brazil, India, and Japan
 Wow, that's a lot, I know in some countries netflix even monitors illegal downloads
 I'm not actually sure I didn't watch the Emmys this year. What about you? What of my favorite shows is the office. The actress who plays Erin was taught drama by John Hamm.
 No it was a drama called IKEA Heights and it was shot in Burbank California. The Ikea store didn't even know.
 Netflix is really popular, in the evening it is the biggest internet consumer. 
 Yeah probably explained by the fact that Netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide.
 Very interesting. Interestingly enough Blockbuster thought Netflix was a joke. Whose laughing now?
 His name is Joko Widodo and he is only the seventh president, I am not sure if they have parties like we do though.
 Considering the show isn't really syndicated, I found that amusing.  The Big Bang cast is making around 1M an episode, and they are syndicated everywhere.
 And I bet he never imagined just how big Netflix would get.  137 million subscribers now?
 Me too. Blockbuster declined several offers to buy netflix for $50 million. netflix is now worth $2 billion.
 And growing more all the time.  WIthout focusing on the dvd side of things, the streaming side is able to grow easily into international waters.
 And a movie coming out this year.  Have to admit, I'll probably watch it, but I guarantee it won't be mentioned in any awards shows this year.
 Not even mentioning Bart surprises me since he's arguably the main character in the show.
 Hi there! How are you? I'm hanging out watching Netflix. Can't believe it was founded in 1997.
 I'm doing good. Yeah, I can't believe it all started because Reed Jastings had a $40 late fee for a VHS
 I would sure say it was $40 well accrued. Can you believe Blockbuster declined several offers to but Netflix for %50 million?
 Hindsight's 50/50 I guess. Netflix accounts for a third of all bandwidth from 9PM to midnight
 Wow, that is a lot. Along with YouTube, the two make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
 I love Netflix. And there are 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 It's crazy netflix still hasn't made it into China, Syria, or North Korea yet
 Yes, every one of those is surprising except North Korea. From 9pm to 12am Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.
 Impressive indeed. With that being said, Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth! 
 I'm surprised Netflix still sends out dvds if it costs that much but I guess its still profitable
 Yes it must be! Reed Hastings actually was inspired to start Netflix after racking up a $40 late fee on a VHS. 
 Seriously. I bet Blockbuster is wishing they would have now that Netflix is worth 2 billion!
 That is a lot. I wonder how much Jim Carrey gets paid? He only does movies that project positivity nowadays.
 Yes he did. He is a great versatile actor! Michael Caine is too but he became an actor for the pretty girls!
 Yes very good point. There are over 750 episodes of Pokemon! Must be the most of any show ever! Well it was really nice talking to you today.
 Did you know some actors make in excess of 700000?
 Blockbuster had the chance to join with Netflix? Wow big mistake to not do so I bet they are kicking themselves now
 The government of France shall learn a thing or two from the Norwegian government who has donated a billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest!
 Maybe we will learn about it from the Wikileaks documents which the government had plans to destroy them and was later revealed on the site.
 Oh ok, that makes sense, I think some sort of concerts are held there in Nevada during the summertime, don't recall which one, but I imagine that there would be more concert attendees than the one Pink Floyd played at with no audience in 1972.
 Yeah, it'd be crazy to think about not having an audience for a successful band like them. Linkin Park was also another successful band who played 324 concerts in a single year because of the success of their debut album
 Yeah, I would have thought Trump would have made that list with all his money?
 Yes, I have been to the White House as a child.  I went on a school trip.  I didn't know about the buildings in Ireland and France, though.
 The white house has loads of interesting facts. Did you know that George W Bush had solar panels put on the white house, How crazy is that!
 Yes, that's pretty funny.  I didn't realize floppy disks still existed. Lol It might be some kind of security measure, because nobody nowadays, knows what they are!
 Mt. Everest has service, that's amazing! I even hear it has 3G cell service, as well.  That's better than some places in the US.
 It makes you wonder how that came about, but he must be a really good singer?
 Hi How are you this morning?
 Did you know that until 1805 in the U.S. The runner up in a presidential election was automatically named the vice president?
 That's crazy to hear. Another weird thing is the U.S. presidents guest house is bigger than the White House.
 That's not something I've ever heard before. Speaking of president's worldwide, one of the stranger things is the president of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while in office.
 aYes I do a ot of things online. I love that I can pay mosta my bills so quickly.
 Hello,  did you know that the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?
 wow I didn't know that, did you know that trump would not make the list of the top 3 richest presidents?
 i think that list is outdated,  Trump is definietly the wealthiest president lol 
 haha I thought so, but maybe that list is adjusted for inflation? I don't know it is maybe possible haha
 in 1805 the runner up for president wouldve been the vice president.  How weird.  
 I don't think they'd make a good team.
 haha no, but I would watch that tv show! Do you know the president of Zimbabwe is called president banana?
 Oh interesting, well that makes sense then, what doesn't make sense is that the guest house of the White House is bigger than the White House itself!
 oh haha sorry I forgot, well I also didn't know that the white house has a twin building in both france and ireland
 Haha I know, and so if you visited one of those twin places, is it like exactly the same? maybe just go there if the White House is too busy haha.
 looks like george bush put solar panels on the white house,  that is awesome. 
 ah that is interesting, what is silly though is the white house still uses those old floppy discs! those things suck!
 well he is awesome, he once gave a speech, got shot, and kept giving the speech, also he banned xmas trees from the white house for some reason
 True, even road travel costs money in Japan!
 I heard the tolls are terrible!  
 Yes, all roads have a toll and it costs over 300 to cross the country!
 Perhaps, but even the smallest trip would take days by horse or bike!
 On second though let's go to Holland and ride that commuter bus that goes 160 mph!
 Yes, that's right.  One thing I do know is those Model Ts weren't equipped with flame-throwers.  It sounds strange, but it is legal to put that on your car in South Africa!
 I'd like to see a soldier pull up in a drive-thru at McDonald's with one of those!
 I've heard that it ok to put flame-throwers on your car in South Africa. Seems a bit extreme, but I've never been there.
 That's a good example, I mean I think if utilizing weapons in different ways actually helps certain areas, it should at least be discussed.
 Yeah that's really interesting. That goes hand in hand with the windshield firing. You sometimes have to cater to what/who you're interacting with.
 I love traveling. Did you know the Dutch are creating a bus that can travel 160mph?
 Whew, that thing goes fast.  Not sure if I'd be riding it.
 Me either lol. To travel across Japan, it would cost roughly $300 in tolls.
 In Michigan. They banned motorized vehicles for over a hundred years.
 That would be cool to visit. Did you know Iceland has no public rail system and most people travel by air there?
 Me either. Did you know Cadillac was named after a French explorer?
 Yep, he also founded Detroit which is pretty interesting.
 Yes, it is!
 Did you know the trunk of a car was named that because older cars actually had wooden trunks in them?
 That makes sense to me!
 Hmm, not sure. Speaking of radios, I guess it's possible to hear Jupiter's storms on the am radio.
 I probably would not want to travel by land in Japan...the tolls cost more than $300 traveling across the country.
 I'm about the same. I like motorcycles much better. Did you know the trunk of a car was called a trunk because older cars actually had wooden trunks in them?
 I agree. Cadillac was named after a French explorer.
 Yes, it sounds like French. Do you know any reasons why it's illegal to warm up a car in Ohio?
 Same here. Hard to believe Jupiter has such strong radio storms that they can be heard on Earth.
 Really? How many countries have you visited? I've been in about 43 countries.
 I've been to about 25 so you beat me there.
 Yea I can see that since it happened at a military airfield, that's crazy
 The real kicker is Pakistan wants the US to revoke Hall's diplomatic immunity. Waste of time 
 The cops in Pakistan didn't even arrest Hall right after the accident and let him leave the scene
 I don't know, it's crazy. They won't even let diplomats drive with tinted car windows now
 Wow, I didn't even know they even did such a thing as blood money in Pakistan
 sure.  It has definitely been convenient for others nowadays,  people busy,  parents,  etc
 Yes,  makes traveling much more doable.  I cantimagine traveling 3 hours by horse lol 
 The us needs one of those!  that would be amazing!
 Definitely! In Iceland, the ones who don't have cars just fly to other towns since there's isn't a public rail service
 I hope its cheaper than normal airfare lol that is an extreme commute. 
 Me too! There's more freedom. Those with cars in South Africa can legally protect their cars with flame throwers
 Maybe they should just paint the stadium pink like the university of iowa did for the visiting teams locker room
 yes ESPN did.  I did not know there was even an Emmy for such a thing!
 All the more amazing is that the weather in New England can be awful during football season, all the more difficult to hold onto a ball! I don't know much about Australian rules football and Rugby, but They probably record all the statistics too.
 It is amazing that he is still playing for being 40 years old!  Amazing!
 Yes Jim Carrey's choice was interesting.  But acting can last forever - there are websites where you can listen to  classic radio dramas for free
 That is amazing!Apparently drama is considered a genre of poetry.
 Interesting, I guess that makes sense. The earliest work of Drammatic theory was that of Aristotle's poetics back in 335 BC!
 Yeah that definitely does not surprise me. Although I thought they were going to be professional football teams when in actuality 14 of those 25 stadiums are college football teams.
 Wow that's amazing. My high school definitely did not have that many people in the stadium. A High school team in 1965 continued to play even as their science building burned out behind them. Now that's dedication.
 Yeah can you believe that team scored 222 points. How did the other team not score any?
 That is really really amazing that he was able to do that
 Wow I didn't know that. What this during a live game?
 Yah, JJ Watt was the DE that tackled him. Smith was the #1 draft pick in 2005 too.
 Yeah I kind of want to go back and figure out which famous star has narrated certain seasons. You can always tell the ones that Baldwin did but I have no idea that Ringo and George Carlin narrated too. 
 It sure would have been! I guess comedy tastes vary a lot. You know ,in 1997, 3rd Rock From the Sun won the Golden Globe for Best Comedy Series. It was an OK show, but not the best! 
 I agree! Seinfeld was one of the shows that 3rd Rock From the Sun beat at the Golden Globes. Can you believe it?!
 Gosh, I don't know! I do know that in the UK, they made a verbatim remake of That 70s Show that was cancelled after only 10 episodes! That's a pretty short run!
 No it isn't. I have to admit that I was surprised by Cosby though. I thought he was like the character on his show.
 I saw him do stand up live one time, there were definitely some clues in his act that a lot of us overlooked at the time. I also remember being a kid and The Simpsons taking over Cosby's spot as kings of TV. Did you know there was actually an episode where Bart neither appeared nor was mentioned? That's CRAZY!
 I guess the Green Lantern could be a comedy.  Oddly enough on Murray, he does some serious roles really well!
 No I didn't! That's really cool!
 And that Cadillac was named for a French Explorer -- the man who founded Detroit!
 Perhaps Detroit in the state that it's in should adopt the South African law that says it's legal to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking!
 Maybe even on race cars, like a video game. There was a guy who became a pro race car driver (I believe it was Formula 1) because he was so good at the game Gran Turismo.
 Speaking of video games and TV, did you know if you watched every episode of Pokemon, you could watch 50 per year for 16 full years!
 No, I didn't know that!  Pokemon has some interesting episodes actually.
 I never got into it. I wonder if they ever have guest stars, like Thomas the Tank Engine, which was narrated by Ringo Starr, George Carlin, AND Alec Baldwin!
 THat's crazy, do you watch the Simpsons at all?
 No not yet, I always wanted to try duff beer though. Did you know homer had over 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes?
 Really?  thats horrible.  Seems like the show is making money but no one else. 
 I love it as well. There are over 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 I have not seen any of them, but that is a lot of shows lol.
 The 70's show was remade in the UK and only lasted 10 episodes before it was cancelled.
 I was a huge fan of that show too. There is only one episode of the Simpsons in which Bart does not appear in.
 The Simpsons is awesome. I heard that show has been going on for like 30 years now. 
 For sure. When South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpons crew.
 Me too and I agree on that. Cadillac was named after a French explorer.
 it ended in the early 2000s.  Another one I stream from time to time is the Simpsons.  When I am in the right mindset, it can be an entertaining political satire / comedy.  Bart is so essential to the show that there is only one episode in which he does not appear or is mentioned!
 Well, one thing I cannot do with my truck is go thru the McD's drive-thru.  Its a Ford F-350 with dual rear tires, so it sits too far out to make the food / money exchange.  I thought McD put drive thru as a way to bring in more customers (and it did that too) but it was for GIs who could not get out of their cars wearing regulation fatigues! 
 True, he may be a beloved comedian, but I would have never considered him a narrator for a "G" rated young kids show.  Neither would have I thought Alec Baldwin to be able to hold his tongue and narrate Thomas as well for more than 50 episodes!
 I liked it as well.  Interestingly enough, the creator of the "Python" programming language named it in part as a tribute to the Monty Python comedy group.
 I guess but to me Homer is the funniest character.  I think it's funny they did a version of the 70's show in the UK.  I guess it bombed. 
 I'm not sure why it flopped. Maybe they wanted to watch one of the 750 episodes of Pokemon instead. 
 I have before.  I went Android...  At least it's not a rotary phone.  The made the area code in NY 212 because it's easier to dial from a rotary phone. 
 NY seems to always get preferential treatment.  It's hard to believe telephone cables that cross the ocean are only 2.7" in diameter. 
 Yeah.  Maybe their super tough like trying to get two phone books apart when their pages are overlapped.
 Aww...sorry to hear that. Did you know there are 12 different blood types for dogs?
 No I did not but I also had no idea that they had blood drives for dogs too. That is so awesome.
 That's pretty cool. Istanbul has a vending machine that provides stray dogs food and water in exchange for plastic bottles.
 Did you know dogs are not colorblind?
 I have no idea lol. It says they can't see as many colors as humans.
 I don't watch much TV these days. What about you?
 I saw that South Park aired a Family Guy episode and received flowers from the Simpsons crew.
 That's pretty impressive considering it's been on for 30 years.
 whoa, a living human
 Agreed. Well on a more positive gaming note, did you ever play the Nintendo? Hard to believe the company itself has been around for over 100 years and actually started as a playing card company!
 Agreed. It is surprising. They used to also be a toy company and actually made a Lego knockoff as well, surprisingly enough!
 They tried many businesses like cab services and love hotels, good they changed to the awesome video games they did
 Wow! I'd like to hear some of those ring tones. I bet they're awesome! Hey, have you ever tried separating two phonebook that have their pages overlapped together? They say it's impossible, believe it or not!
 Is there really? That's almost as surprising as finding out women aren't actually prohibited from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. Surprised we haven't had a female drafted - at least as a kicker, right? Well it was great chatting with you today!
 I did not know that! I also saw that they once produced a lego knock-off.
 Sounds like they have done quite a lot over the years then. 
 Wow I did not know that. I saw Nintendo released a handheld console back in 2001.
 Did you know New York's area code is 212 because that's the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 The cable lines carrying telephone and data lines is only 2.7 inches thick and lays on the ocean floor.
 I would have thought so too. Not sure how it doesn't corrode. Must be in some sort of protective lining.
 I saw that too. I bet that would be very hard to try and do.
 No I didn't know that. I do like playing Nintendo myself though, did you know that they also created knockoff Legos?
 Yeah I think they are worth a lot of money. Did you ever play the Nintendo 64? There was a video game for it called f0x and it was the first racing game to run at 60 frames per second
 No I don't remember that either. I wonder what it was? I also didn't know that Nintendo owns Seattle Mariners LOL who would have thought
 That is interesting Nintendo owns the Mariners and lets you order food with a 3ds app
 Yea all the time, it's kinda mindblowing that there only actually 11 mins of actual gameplay on average
 Yep I could see that too. Do you know any Engineers by the way? Apparently the average engineer will make more than the average NFL player over their entire lifetime
 Yep you're right about that. I think it's really weird that the NFL uses tracking ships on the field too, I don't know how important it is to know the rotational speed of the ball
 Yeah I don't like that. It seems like an outdated Roll to Me, what do you think about the telephone no? Did you know your iPhone is more powerful than a nuclear missile defense system of the United States
 Yes, now that I heard about, but I forgot whether or not esports had anything to do with it. It's crazy how far people will go when it comes to nintendo games it's no wonder they're so profitable, they could lose 250 million every year and wouldn't go bankrupt for at least fifty years!
 That's insane! My family loves Pokemon.  Recall something about Nintendo release a handheld console specifically for Pokemon! 
 Wow! I don't remember that at all! Do you play the game Pokemon Go then and ever use the term "its on like donkey kong" when it comes to catching those pokemons? Apparently that phrase was trademarked by Nintendo.
 Wow, there's that many people who play and even tournaments?! It's no wonder there seems to be an obesity epidemic! Fun fact, there is almost no correlation between cell phone connection quality and bars on phone for service. I did not know that, but it seems accurate or is it just a mind trick?
 Yeah, I do think she is overrated. I also think Judge Judy is overrated, but she makes 123k per episode! Crazy.
 YouTube can even make people rich now.  Jenna Marble makes almost 350 thousand per year.  Making money your own way in this country is such a reality now!
 Holy cow! That is more than I can even imagine!!
 Yeah.  Celebrities can have such interesting lives.
 Yes they can. I've heard even Pixar Studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities.
 Yes, I agree. Did you know that around 50 bc Ceaser found that people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment?
 Yeah, that is odd. I'd figure all of the Presidents would be better educated than that!
 Yeah.  Woodrow Wilson is the only president that had a phd!  
 I do as well, especially Judge Judy. It's nuts how much she makes per episode!
 Yes I can't believe she makes over $100,000 per episode! 
 May he rest in peace. He made so much good entertainment. In 50 BC people bred chickens for entertainment.
 Yes you're definitely right. Are you still love the Nintendo system. The original Nintendo can only display 54 colors.
 It lasted a long time. Ronald Reagan was an actor once and he was rejected for a role because he didn't look presidential.
 It would be entertaining! Our president looks very orange, he could meet with the president of Zimbabwe - president banana
 Is it really? Wow! I didn't even know the president had a guest house. Ha! I do know Woodrow Wilson was the only president we've ever had with a PhD!
 Isn't that u believable? Just like we've had five elected presidents who also lost the popular vote. One even lost by 10%!
 I would like to for that reason and also work there. Ha! I also wouldn't mind working for the NFL. Did you know it's legally recognized as entertainment and not a sport? That surprised me!
 Thats awesome! Oh and in terms of entertainment, Chuck E. Cheese actually stands for Charles Entertainment Cheese. Ha! That's a shocker! Well it was great chatting with you tonight. Take care!
 I am not into football, really. Speaking of people with crazy games, Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 Yeah he is great. This kid could grown up to be just like him! On each of the last four Friday nights he has ran for over 300 yards per game!
 Yeah, word sure has travelled about Dakwandre Marshall, through means of social media and word of mouth.
 When he first emerged he ran 1412 yards and made 20 touchdowns even though he only had about 12 carries per game.
 Yeah he definitely seems like the star of the team. His teammate said he looks in the mirror and he probably sees Shaq. He very rarely gets tackled by one guy despite his size.
 Yeah, if he was on Cumberland's 1916 football team, they probably wouldn't have lost 222-0!
 I have seen that game I think on youtube. that game still holds the world record for most points scored in one fame
 No I agree with you. Do you know that, of the 25 largest stadiums, in the world, that American football stadiums are  14 of them?
 Yeah I guess! Like our American flags, apparently those big ones at football stadiums can cost up to $50,000 and that is insane to me
 Yep I agree with you haha. And they're also about 1,100 lb a piece, which is an enormous flag LOL
 I know right! What do you think about the Department of Defense by the way? Apparently they have football coaches that work for them, and those are the highest paying people that work there haha. That seems really stupid
 I went to some back in the day. I just know that Snoop Doggs son plays High School football. And Snoop Dogg made a fight song for them ha ha. That's awesome
 Yeah I agree with you. It'd be cool to go to a game and see Snoop Dogg there haha. Did you hear about the football stadium that cost 60 million dollars to make? It was only made for a high school team actually
 Yes I use Google for most of my searches. I find them to be the most accurate. I think it's funny how new workers for Google are called nooglers LOL that is such a weird word
 Absolutely. Do u know the record for speed reading is 4700 words per minute. Thats a lott!
 Have a good day
 He did? wow, thats a whole lot of points for one player in one game I wonder if he shoot granny style lol
 I do.  I heard he has some crazy endorsement with Reebok.
 I'd be good with just $800,000 for life.   They could throw some free shoes in too.  Lol.
 Oh yeah!  That's right! They sure did! I forgot about that.  They are in trouble.  Perhaps countries will be like the german state of schleswig-holstein and make things about facebook illegal.
 Oh really... that's awesome!  I did not know about that.  REmember mySpace?
 Yes, I do. I love how they look. Speaking of sponsorshops, Allen Iverson has one with Reebok that pays him $800,000 a year until he is 55. Then he'll get a lump sum of $32,000,000.
 I did! In the UK they tried to make it verbatim but I guess it didn't have the same appeal as it was cancelled after ten episodes.
 He has been very impressive lately.  He has run over 300 yards in the last 4 games.
 Football in itself is a very interesting sport.  It is funny how football means different things to different people throughout the world.
 Wow, that is a lot of money for one flag.  I did not know that.  
 Wow, I had no idea they could weight that much.  I wonder if they have to replace those flags often.  That would get really expensive really quickly if they did.
 Yeah I agree with you I think it's pretty ridiculous. The best paid athletes in by average annual salary per player-must be nice!
 well I just know that Dakwandre Marshall is a very talented high school player, he rushed over 300 yeards in four straight games
 Haha you like wii bowling, but yes bowling in the 60s meant that you made twice as much as a professional football player
 Yes I think so! it was primitive back then though. They didn't even have a yellow line showing first downs in football games, ESPN had to invent that
 I dont even know how one team could score that much 222 Points?  THats amazing
 That's really crazy! I also can't believe that Google went down in 2013 and took about 40% of all web traffic with it.
 It's very powerful and they're also very smart. They use Android devices to track how fast people are moving on roads, and then use that data to update Traffic systems on the road
 Yes. I shop regularly on Amazon because of their return policy and quick shipping. Crazy to see how much Amazon has grown.
 According to the article in 1994, so that is not too long ago considering how much it has expanded
 I guess I do now, in 1998, but I actually had no idea that they owned it
 Do you know where jeff bezos was born and grew up?
 Most definitely. Did you know that the 3 horizontal line on apps and menus is called a hamburger button. That is so catchy and genius.
 Cool. TO be honest, the white house was not as big as I thought it would be when I went to visit it. In pic and video it seems so much bigger.
 I know and the funniest thing is its not even in a safe part of the city there's alot of crime around that area lol
 Do you ever read the terms and conditions when purchasing online? It seems like 7% of people do.
 I agree, it's a silent action and I think he is courageous for doing that but people have argued that the N in NFL stands for Nepotism since the way they run the teams are like small businesses where you can hire friends and family.
 Wow, that makes sense. I guess what doesn't make sense is that when there's only 11 minutes of game play, I devote an entire afternoon to watching the games! Hopefully they don't collect viewer data like they do with the players by embedding chips into their shoulder pads.
 No idea, they probably had a good educational background, its crazy how Serena won a grand slam being pregnant lol 
 There aren't any rules that prevent players from playing while pregnant? Well, I guess that just goes to prove what a great player she is!
 Oh wow, they must've dominated in that game! I saw her recently in an ad promoting Unicef, did you know that they will donate a day of clean water to a child in need ever minute people don't use cell phones?
 Yeah good question. The NFL actually uses tracking chips in the helmet and shoulder pads. 
 Yeah so much I imagine. The New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as the players. 
 I wonder who made that rule.
 I am impressed she can speak fluent french and italian. 
 Yeah very cool. She is also the co owner of the Miami dolphins so must be a football fan!
 Yeah I bet she is. She even won the Australian Open while 2 months pregnant. She is a beast!
 Yeah thats true. There's often a large size difference between women and men, I wonder how a woman would do in a main position. Crazy the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of actual gameplay.
 Yeah stop them from distracting the players. It's nice that we only have to worry about these things in our country. There are people in other countries without water. Apparently Unicef donates clean water to a child in need for every minute of using a cell phone.
 Yeah thats a good point. And it's so easy to call anyone in the world. The cables carrying phone and internet across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter. So crazy.
 Wow very smart. Apparently she likes the NFL too, or at least I hope since she is a co-owner of the MIami Dolphins!
 Yeah it is definitely an agressive statement for sure but I would love to see that! They would kick my butt lol. Anyways it was great talking to you!
 Hello, dis you know that JFK, Jefferson, and Washington are the three richest Presidents in American history?
 That is funny.  I heard somewhere that the White House is actually smaller than the US Presidents guest house.
 Hah! I would love to hear that! And I actually had no idea thats what WWW stood for- did you know that the button with 3 horizontal lines is called a hamburger button? Now I finally know what to call it lol
 I am not either.  There is actually a saved copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.  That's a good idea.
 I use Amazon weekly.  Did you know that Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years.
 That is a lot of miles.  I didn't know Amazon.com has owned Imdb since 1998.
 Its been around a lot longer than I thought! Its amazing he's grown it so extensively- kindle, fire TV, echo...crazy! Do you use any of their devices?
 Oh nice. Seahawks fan here. Tough season for the both of us. I love watching on tv how they have the 1st down marker. Apparently it was created by ESPN.
 Yes it could happen. Back in the 1960's pro bowlers made more than football players!
 Oh interesting. I remember watching Green-Ellis play. He was so good he never fumbled once. 
 Yeah it sounds like he did. I guess with fame comes a lot of power. His Baby video is the most disliked video on youtube!
 Yeah I don't get it. I also don't get him never having a number one single in the USA or Great Britain!
 Really? I did  not know that! Did you know that Green-Ellis is the only left handed quarterback in the entire NFL?
 Ah, bowlers also made twice as much as football players back in the 1960s.
 Ah, I should go check that out. Did you know that an iphone has more computing power than all of the US nuclear icbm deterrent?
 Yep, and New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest combination you can dial on those telephones.
 I think this list might be from before he was president.  I would think he would be in the top 3 for sure.  Elmo is the only non-human to testify before the US congress.  That is odd.
 I am well, thanks. Did you know there were subway lines to move congress between the capitol and their offices? I had no clue.
 I had no idea. I wonder if that is for protection or something. The Elmo thing was more of a shock to me. I wonder what that was for?
 Puppet rights... I am surprised to see the first woman elected in 1916...
 I cannot believe the cable in the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter. Seems too thin!
 2.7 inches for cable in an ocean does seem unstable. I guess it is as strong as two phone books put together.
 I listen to NPR and during their drives, when they have matching donations, I always wonder if they don't get the match if they don't hit the target goal. Seems mean...
 Hi,I had no idea. That must be a very large guest house.
 Really!? How does fantasy congress work?
 That is unbelievable. I can't believe she scored 105 points.
 Haha according to physicists yes. It would be so funny to see players use it.
 Yeah and Nike covered the fine. Good publicity for them I suppose.
 I think that is a really smart choice. College sports is huge too. 39 out of 50 states have the highest paid state employee being a college football or college basketball coach.
 That is ironic. There is even a bball court on top of the US supreme court building!
 That is gonna be fun to watch. The New Zealand team calls themselves the Tall Blacks!
 How crazy was the 2016 NBA free agent market?
 For sure, love it or hate it, he's got rings and more money than me. I think the low key winner was Joakim Noah, 72 million for 4 years lol.
 For sure, Mike COnley started it all out. The Warriors have a super team for sure with Durant, Curry, Green, KT, Kerr etc.
 Not sure, I don't know if the Bucks or Nuggets could legitimately give them a run, the Celtics did beat them pretty badly though. 
 True, they've got so much talent and an awesome coach. Tatum is going to be good for sure. Stevens is a great coach too, whos your favorite team?
 I never knew that, LeBron going to make more money with his than Jordan? Maybe Evan Turner and his $70 million can chip in!
 I am amazed at how much the players are paid to play.  While I do agree that the level they play at requires a great deal of skill, it still blows me away how much some of their contracts are worth.  When they start talking millions, it just floors me.
 No, I hear You - especially when some of them never finished high school...
 Well, when the players and coaches are making as much as they are, they have to pay them some way.  I think the coaches make almost as much as the players themselves
 No way... :) I always thought the coaches didn't contribute much :) Those players know how to play without them :)
 So here's a funny bit of trivia.  Did you know that Jordan was banned from wearing air jordan's to games when they were initially released.  How weird is that.  Why would they ban a shoe from a basketball game?  Maybe they are that amazing.  haha
 The funny part is, he still wore them to games because Nike paid the fines.  I guess the fines are worth it so you can sell more shoes.
 Good old Nike :) I wonder how high was the fine ? It couldn't be a lot ;)
 I do not have a favorite one but I hear they are the highest paid players i the world
 His contract with Reebok? He is making a lot of money
 That man in taken care of. Same with Michael Jordan and is work with Nike on the AirJordans
 Exactly they had to balance somehow. THen you have the guys like Duncan who passed on a a lot of money to finish his degree first
 And scientists have proved that it is the best way to score but players seem to be embarrassed to do it
 As good as he is, his sister was always better
 Cheryl. Yeah apparently she broke many records in basketball
 Hi, do you watch the NBA>
 I love George Carlin. He is one of my favorite comedians. I may have to go watch an episode he narrates just to see what it's like.
 It is alot of fun! There are over 750 episodes of "pokemon." that's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.
 Wow thats a lot of pokemon.
 True.  They want to look professional.  I did not know that NBA is a men's professional league.  I thought it was often to female teams too.
 It was, and he is the only losing coach in the history of University of Kansas.  Ironic, don't you think?
 Wow, they must really like to play basketball.
 Ha, me too. So that's the highest court, and the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach in 39 out of 50 states.
 Haha, probably right. But I wonder if James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, was a highly paid coach. He is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas' history.
 I bet Jordan got a pretty penny from Nike. Whe the Jordans were first introduced by the NBA and were banned, Jordan wore them anyway because Nike was willing to pay the fine.
 I don't know if I even want to know haha. Allen Iverson has an interesting Reebok contract. He gets $800000 a year till age 55 where he then gets a final payment of $32000000.
 I don't really. I like to watch cartoons like the Simpsons more. Bart is my favorite character. There is only one episode where he doesn't appear and is not mentioned.
 I don't. Or I didn't notice. When South Park aired its Family Guy episode they received flowers from The Simpsons Crew. I wonder why
 That is fifty a year for 16 years straight.
 Im not sure, but when he hits 55, 32 million.  not a bad payout if you ask me.
 Cheryl was incredible!  100+ points per game!
 Did you know when south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew. 
 I can not believe that there are 750 episodes of pokemon. 
 No. I know they are pretty unsensored though. That goes back to his College days in Kansas.
 I haven't paid them much attention. Are they good? As in, are they major players for their teams? I'm betting so. Did you know his first paycheck in the NBA was $189,000?!
 I watch a pretty good bit of it. It's sad that the WNBA doesn't get as much love as NBA. They just can't seem to get a winning formula to win over fans.
 It's sad, I wonder how long they will keep it going? They did seem to do better in attendance in 2017. There was an average of over 7,700 fans per game. That's the highest since 2009.
 That's horrible for a professional athlete. It's barely more than the G-League players make.
 Did you know that in 39 states the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach?
 That's crazy, you'd figure that they'd learn from other's mistakes. Allen Iverson signed a lifetime deal with Reebok, he gets $800,000 until he's 55. That's a smart deal.
 And NBA legend made a not so smart deal. He chose $100,000 up front over a 10% stake in Nike. Had he accepted the stake, he would have 8.62 billion now.
 Ouch that's not a smart move. I bet he's kicking himself now.
 I did not know that. 
 yes I am, I like that the granny shot is technically the best shot in the game haha
 It's easy enough! Just doesnt work often in a competitive setting.
 ya that is shocking, youd think hed be the best! Did you hear about how great Reggie Miller's sister is at basketball
 well I guess he scored a career high of 40 points in one game, and on the same day she scored 105 points haha
 ya I rarely watch it, I did like watching MJ back in teh day, crazy that they tried to ban the Air Jordans
 They dont really specify why, which is kind of unusual. Unfair advantage or wrong logo?
 I think unfair advantage, and Nike actually started paying the fine so he could keep wearing them
 ya, I loved it but theres just too many episodes now, over 750 at the current moment!
 Lets talk about telephones, the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone is 212
 yeah and the entire us nuclear ICBM has less computing power then an iphone 
 UNICEF has a program they run that rewards you not to use your cell phone, they donate clean water in exchange 
 Yes, lets talk about Presidents next, Washington was one of the wealthiest presidents in history 
 They used to have the runner up of the election become the vice president 
 they called the first president of Zimbabwe banana 
 you can use dry tea bags to remove odors from shoes and gym bags 
 interesting. Modern shoes perform worse then shoes that are 5000 years old 
 There are shoes like steel-soled boots that are worn for safety reasons 
 Yep I like being left alone and not seeing the news personally. It's interesting that Facebook is now worth over 100 billion dollars, that's a lot of money
 That definitely seems like way too many LOL, I also didn't know that myspace turned down an offer to buy them, they are probably kicking themselves about it now
 I think they just wanted to get exposure but yeah that probably cost a lot of money, did you see that Facebook is rewriting their constitution recently?
 People can just write in on Facebook and make suggestions to the Constitution, it's actually kind of cool
 That is interesting. Did you know that there are more people on Facebook than there were alive 200 years ago?!
 No I didn't that's crazy! What do you think about the fact that the like button is illegal in that one German state, that seems really weird I wonder why it's illegal there
 Yep I agree. Do you ever watch football by the way? Did you hear about how the University of Iowa painted the opposing sides locker room pink
 It probably was. I wonder if it helped them to win or not, did you hear that in the 60s top Bowlers made more than top football players, that's completely opposite of now
 Yeah I don't think it's very popular anymore. I wish we could have seen the highest scoring football game of all time on TV though, it was 222 to 0 LOL
 Wow! How is it even possible to score that many points in one game?!
 That's why we need the video! I can't believe that Georgia Tech beat Cumberland so badly
 Wow. If they were paying bowlers that  they couldnt have been paying NFL stars that much.
 Crazy is that Myspace turn down an offer to buy Facebook, only 75 mil would be a steal today!
 I would definitely ruin some relationships for a Whopper haha. I also don't know why they didn't include the fact that Zuckerberg is color blind in the movie The Social Network, that would have added some drama haha
 Yup Exactly. do you know why the like button is illegal in that one German state? That seems silly,
 Slots are awesome! I really like dogs myself, it's shocking to think that there are 20 quintillion individual animals on Earth right now, that's insane!
 Do you ever get the hiccups by the way? Apparently that's left over from when we had both gills and lungs. I have them right now haha
 I used to use it a lot as well. Now I just use it to message people. It's crazy that it's been around since 2004. I started using it around 2008.
 Between you and me, I'm not thrilled with Mark Zuckerberg, but I can't deny how successful it has become!
 It's amazing that Facebook had the largest valuation for a newly listed public company, 104 billion!
 Wow!  To think Myspace, which I think is no more, could have purchased it for $75 million.
 Haha...maybe some people unfriended me for free. Iceland is even using Facebook to rewrite their constitution, allowing the public to make changes and suggestions.
 Football has gained so much popularity over the years too. Before, bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
 Speaking of prehistoric roots, apparently hiccups are from early evolution when land animals had gills and lungs.
 Interesting and today animals have guaranteed rights in places like Germany!
 And in Scotland, the loch ness monster is a protected species under the 1912 scottish protection of animals act!
 I was unaware that a jellyfish is biologicially immortal, I didn't think such a thing existed. 
 Interesting concept, I don't think they are sentient to be honest, I was surprised about the immortality though. 
 Hi!  Have you ever been to NYC?  It's pretty fast paced.  In fact, they even made the area code 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on rotary phone.
 No I have never been.  Yes I heard about that,  I totally understand though,  those rotary phones were annoying lol 
 Unbelievable that we could send the internet across the ocean.  The cables surprisingly are only a few inches in diameter and lay on the ocean floor.
 I didn't know that.  Which one was it?
 Did the president hire her?  If you visit Indonesia you might see their president who is also a pop star who has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Yes, what a shame.  I wonder what our president's nickname is?  Zimbabwe's first president was called president banana
 Oh didn't know that.  I wonder if Banana's grow in Zimbabwe?
 How can the other person tell if they are comfy on her feet? I'm not surprised but 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.  Everything seems throw away today.
 Yeah I am not sure,  everyone's feet are different lol It really makes no sense at all!  Yeah,  I guess that seems right that shoes performed better before,  I think most shoes were made custom. I wonder in what way they performed better though. 
 I only knew two!  I'd like to see more ways.  Why did Scott Pruitt want a used mattress from Trump International Hotel?
 It's crazy how much money facebook makes now, it was worth 104 billion in 2012
 Yea, I can't believe myspace turned down the offer to buy facebook back then
 Are you a fan of football?  I knew that soccer and american football go by football, but didn't realize rugby does too.
 Holy cow!  That is a lot.  It is hard to imagine there is enough room for all of them.  
 Haha, it is interesting.  I am surprised he does't stay in the guest house given that it is actually larger than the White House.
 Yes, there are a lot of interesting presidents around the round like Indonesia's president.  He actually released 3 pop albums while in office!
 A lot has changed since then.  Before 1805 the vice president was the runner up in the presidential election.  Can't even imagine that now!
 Yup, large differences among cultures like in China during the cultural revoultion.  They had a trend that involved layering shirts, as many as you could, and popping collars!
 That is a nice touch!  I did not learn until recently, the whole reason polo shirts were invented were for tennis.  That is surprising!
 Interesting, I have some Lacoste shirts.  I did not know that polo shirts in general were invented by him!
 It's funny how people can be skilled in more than one area like Bruce.  Take for example, Tupac the famous rapper, I heard he also danced ballet.
 I believe it was because it was the fastest number to dial on those phones. I recently learned that the cables that carry our internet and phone data across the ocean are only 2.7 inches around!
 Jon Stewart played soccer in college. He doesn't strike me as an athlete.
 Haha yes you could say that. I just think it's really boring haha. But to each their own, did you know that the top Bowlers in the 60s made more than the top football players back then
 Yep I agree, watching bowling would even be worse for me than watching stalker LOL. Did you hear about the highest scoring football game ever?
 Yep it doesn't seem fair. Do you ever watch football on TV though? You know the yellow line that marks the first down on TV broadcast? That was created by ESPN
 Yep you think so. It does seem very obvious so I don't know why they won an Emmy, but I guess they did so oh well haha.
 Yep I think you got a point there. Did you hear there was a moral panic in the 18th century, there were too many people reading lol I guess that is not a big deal anymore 
 Yea, they make a lot of money. It's surprising that in the 1960s the top bowlers made twice as much money as the top football players.
 Yea, I didn't he was good enough to represent the US at the Pan American Maccabi games in 1983.
 Yea, that's crazy. That's got to be over 25 touchdowns, although I'm not sure what kind of rules they had back then in 1916.
 Yea, that's definitely helpful during football games, but I'm surprised that won an Emmy too. It would be difficult to tell where the first down line would be without it!
 Yea, we should all read more. I can't believe there was a panic about the spread of reading in the 18th century. What could they have against it?
 I know. Now we have a panic because not enough people are reading. How times have changed. Nice chatting with you
 Get this, did you know up until 1805 the runner up was vice president?  Can you imagine all the fighting and bitterness that would have caused?
 Guessing it was probably built second.  That or they felt they'd need a lot of room for visiting dignitaries and such.  Maybe they could have the President of Indonesia stop by!  He's a president and apparently a singer!
 Yeah, can you imagine any of our former Presidents cutting albums while (or even after) in office?  Although I know they had a Regan rap song in the 80s, but I don't think that was really him singing... LOL
 Yeah, probably!  You know, the Senate is really fascinating as well.  They had the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it. 
 Yeah, it looks that way!  Did you know that in 1988 the Senate invoked a rule to arrest absent senators to bring them into the chamber for a vote? 
 did you know that 212 is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone? that's why it's the New York area code
 yes that is true, I guess the cable that connects across the atlantic ocean is only about 3 inches in diameter. Crazy that something so thin is what connects the continents
 I am and that is quite bizarre, but there sure are some obscure rules. For instance, a senator invoked an obscure rule to allow the sergeant at arms to arrest absent senators and bring them into the chamber for a vote. One even tried to escape and was caught and carried into the senate
 no I didn't know that, that would be so crazy to have Hillary Clinton as the VP, there would be so much more drama with Trump 
 yes it would make a good tv show but it would not be good for making policy, also crazy is that the president's guest house is bigger than the actual white house, like how is that possible?
 yep! WOW... just saw that the US senate used the same gavel for 165 years!
 Because he's nixon... geez!  it wasn't until 1993 woman were allowed to wear pants on the senate floor!
 Who doesn't eat strawberries? They're so good! I make strawberry protein shakes almost every morning.
 It was really weird! You definitely need to check it out on YouTube. It is interesting that his wife makes more money than him
 Haha that's true. Crazy that Tom Brady threw a record 50 touchdown passes. I know that's the current record
 Haha Randy Moss is awesome! I guess he won his first Super Bowl when was a starter. Kurt Warner was the only other person to do this
 Jon Hamm taught drama at his old HS> He taught Erin from the office.
 I've heard so, hard to believe at 41 years old and 18 years in the NFL he's never tried a strawberry
 yes. did you know women can play too
 Yes he is with the Patriots.
 I wonder why. He is so famous though and he makes so much money.
 Oh I see. That makes sense then. He has apparently never eaten a starwberry.
 I know right? they are so delicious
 Oh wow yes it is really nice. do you watch dramas?
 I like it to an extent. Did you know Reggie Miller had a sister who was better at basketball than he was?
 woah! I wonder why she didnt end up going to play in the WNBA if she was so good
 I agree. Tim Duncan skipped going to the NBA to go to college and get a degree first.
 I agree with you on that one. I saw it was a promise he had made to his grandmother.
 For sure. Did you know Air Jordan's were banned so Jordan still wore them and Nike would pay the fine?
 Me too. I love the NFL. They have no written rule against women playing in the league.
 I bet they will soon. I could see a female kicker in the future.
 For sure. NFL games only have 11 minutes of live gameplay on average.
 For sure. Wish they could find a way to shorten them down a bit.
 that would be nice. Did you know the average engineer will earn more than an NFL player across their career?
 Hi.  Do you know that Mcdonalds was the first fast food company that created drive-thru?
 Wow, that's actually a really wholesome reason. I didn't know soldiers used to have that rule.
 Cadillacs aren't American cars?
 Wow, that sounds like it would make things a lot more complicated than humans with four blood types! I wonder if they can donate.
 I did hear about that. That is worrisome.
 His wallet, keys license and car were still at his home. That's really strange. 
 I cannot imagine what his coworkers are going thorough either. He wants to help others, which is strange for him to go missing.
 Yeah, his family said the it was unlike him to just vanish.
 No but I have access to one for my daily K9 fix.  Did you know dogs drink with the underside of their tongue? 
 I didn't. I know they have 12 blood types though! Seems like a lot.
 Yep.  Some dogs in Moscow can use the subway.  I wonder if I could do that there?
 Use the subway, sure! Google prefers dog to cats and has state so in their code of conduct.
 Interesting. Do you watch the Simpsons?  Poor Homer has had 188 jobs in the 1st 400 episodes!
 I do love that show. That seems like a lot of jobs! There's only one episode where bart is not in.
 Wow. There is only one Shakespeare play that has not been adapted to film or TV.  That's a measure of success. 
 I know. I had no idea. dogs are not color blind. I thought they were!
 I wonder who their main artists are! Very true, I bet they do play a lot of justin bieber.
 I agree! I cannot believe a weekly news program in classical latin is still around. 
 Yes, I think you need to go to special website. It is good that it is free because I doubt they would get a lot of business.
 That is a lot of episodes. I wonder if they ever broadcasting on the radio? There's actually a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 I didn't know this. Of course, radio was much more important in WWII period than now. I was quite surprised to read that there over 750 episods of Pokemon. It's a lot. 
 That is true! Plus I'm sure they use something other than floppy disks to store files like the US White House does. That is unbelievable. Well it was great chatting with you as well. Have a great day!
 Do you enjoy watching tv?  I saw that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon and thats about 50 a year for 16 years
 I am very thankful for color.  Have you ever seen Thomas the Tank Engine.  I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated that show
 Yeah he doesn't appear in it or ever mentioned
 have you seen the show That 70's show? I guess they tried to remake it for the UK market but it was cancelled after only ten episodes
 yes, I've read that all the pretty girls were in his drama class so he decided acting was for him
 lol yup, even the star of Mad Men, Jon Hamm, taught drama at a high school, interesting how peoples careers develop
 yes, I saw thaat one of his students was Ellie Kemper from the office
 I think it was because of his religious beliefs won't let him do anything that doesn't project positivity
 I enjoy sci-fi.  I saw that that book was on reading list for three of the five US Military branches
 Maybe so. Have you ever watched pokemon? There are over 750 episodes.
 Yes I wonder as well. I think it's funny Michael Caine when into acting for the girls!
 That's true, the 60s was the beginning of a cultural shift, particularly in regards to religion. I find it very interesting that students were required to read the bible, but Teddy Roosevelt didn't use one at his swearing-in in the early 1900s.
 750 episodes of Pokemon! That's crazy, that's almost an episode per pokemon, I think.
 I hope they do! Did you know that there are actually radio storms on the planet Jupiter that you could hear on an AM radio?!
 Really? That's fascinating. I had no idea that radio waves could travel so far! 
 Hello, That's a lot of copies!
 That's interesting that he did that. Laws mentioned in the bible required farmers to leave parts of their fields unharvested for strangers. 
 I never knew that, I also didn't know "malus" meant both apple and evil
 I didn't know that either. Soldiers carried metal-plated bibles in WWII.
 Yea, I like watching the Simpsons, pretty amazing Bart has been in every episode but 1
 I agree and I love the Simpsons too. The Weekend Update debuted the first episode of SNL and is also their longest running skit.
 I'm surprised as I loved that show. In the first 400 episodes of the Simpsons, Homer held 188 jobs.
 I did not know they had that many Pokemon episodes. Did you know most deals on the show Shark Tank are never actually enacted?
 Yea, it's pretty interesting  an AM radio can pick up Jupiter's radio storms
 South Park is pretty good and funny. I haven't watched it in a long time. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon? 
 I never really watched Pokemon. I'm too old for that too. Did you know there is only one episode of the Simpsons in which Bart is not in or mentioned? 
 Yep that's a cool stat. Cadillac was named after a French explorer who founded Detroit. 
 LOL that's hilarious! I guess carjacking is a common thing over there. I'd probably want to be armed in some way. 
 I totally agree. I read that when the Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long. 
 What else I think is crazy that's car related is it's actually legal to equip your vehicles with flamethrowers over in South Africa in order to prevent carjacking. I'm glad I don't live there! Ha! Well it's been fun chatting with you as well, friend!
 lol that is really bad turn over,  he is not a good employee.  i have had about 10 jobs I think.  How about you?
 No I dont.  i have seen a few episodes,  funny skits.  Do you watch that show/?
 Yes, it's true! Did you know that most US Presidents are not highly educated? I always thought it was the other way around until I recently read about it.
 Yeah I would've never thought of her being famous that way! I saw a White House lecture online with Stephen Hawking that also had the Clintons featured.
 Radio is definitely such an underrated form of media. It's so simple, but so very effective. It's so simple that some soldiers in WWII made radios using razorblades and pencils.
 That's incredible
 I love classical latin! I bet Canada doesn't though...I guess in Canada, 40% of the content played on the radio needs to be Canadian. I bet they're not listening to latin!
 Yes another one of my favorites! I loved Kelso. Also I loved the Simpsons. Daniel Radcliffe voiced the cartoon parody of Edward Cullen from Twilight!
 Good of a reason as any I guess! Soap operas got their name because they used to be sponsored by soap manufacturers! 
 Sounds like a good promo to me! It is so popular. More people are on Facebook today than there were people in the world 200 years ago!
 Yeah, from a French explorer, I always thought it was a car makers name like Benz
 I didn't know that! On the other hand a lot of successful people are never involved with reading. President Andrew Johnson never learned reading until his wife taught him.
 I didn't know that. A surprising number of people today can't read and manage to fake it somehow.
 That really surprised me when I first learned it. It must have made for a lot of distraction when several people were reading in the same place.
 I like listening to old radio programs as well! One of the most popular acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist, that's incredible to me!
 Yeah, that's hilarious. It doesn't seem like anyone could get much out of that on the radio.
 I used to listen to the 1970's Fantastic Four radio show! I recently found out Bill Murray actually voiced the Human Torch.
 Oh I love him! It's surprising how many people get their start or at least become famous over radio. Like Bing Crosby recordings filled over half of all radio time allocated to recorded music in 1948.
 Imagine Top 40 radio today giving half its time to one artist! Nice chatting with you.
 There are quite a few seasons of House, he must have done very well for himself, set for life.
 I feel like I am on it all the time.  I cant believe Myspace declined to buy it in 2005, what a mistake.
 Someone made a bad choice.  I tend to stay away from it because I think if I started I'd never escape it.
 Yup, I think so. Back to the Simpsons, I guess there is only 1 episode where you don't see Bart and he's also not mentioned at all, weird.
 That was weird.  I thought that Bart was the main character.
 haha ya me too, do you like Michael Caine? he got into acting apparently to meet girls
 That is surpirising
 Ya I guess you could make a radio that way, but I also have no idea how they would even use it
 well I am glad that there is a place that is backing up the internet just in case everything goes down, I think it's the library of alexandria where they store it
 Yes, odd to me. He seemed like a fairly intelligent soft spoken man, less renegade than scholar or statesman. I wonder if the price of coconuts and coconut oil plunged when he visited India, they actually cut down all the coconut trees surrounding one of his destination in case he would be injured in a falling coconut accident, that would have been freakish.
 Yeah and on the other hand Roosevelt vetoes 635 of them
 I mean, I would use a name that legit too. During his time in office, he only vetoed two bills. Compared to FDR's 635, that's very low
 These days the phone and TV are all kind of merged.  My iPhone supposedly has more computing power than the nuclear icbm deterrent.  I wonder how they measured that?
 You mean like celebrities and singers?  Really what do they do that is of any use?  But we love 'em all anyway.  Like Ringo Starr narrated so many Thomas the Tank engine shows.  And we love him for it.  
 Those "reality" shows are a real waste.  Most of them anyway.  But a good movie can be a real treasure.  The Netflix founder got mad after getting a $40 late fee for Apollo 13 that he had rented.  I guess he was watching it over and over. So he founded Netflix.  Now he can watch whatever he wants.
 No, I don'
 Oh, now that is funny. I find it amusing that Blockbuster declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million.
 Yes, that is a lot. My kids liked it. They liked the Simpsons too. One episode of the Simpsons Bart was not seen or mentioned. It was weird.
 Speaking of Netflix, did you know that they have offices in various countries across the world? It has been getting popular over the past few years and it growing rapidly. 
 What's funny is that even with how big streaming has become, they still spend more on postage than on bandwidth
 There's over 750 episodes of that show. Sixteen years' worth of animation, and several movies on top of the games. It's a very popular trend that's lasted
 There's so much that our smartphones can do, too! The entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent still doesn't have as much computing power as the iPhone
 Exactly, the most popular device - iPhone is very powerful in terms of computation in comparison to the old school PC
 It's such a large city that it makes sense. I can't imagine how big their phone books were. Two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped together can't be separated
 I heard it was named after a French explorer. Heard he founded Detroit too.
 Very cool. The trunk of a car was named that because older cars actually had wooden trunks.
 I bet it was super easy. In South Africa, it's legal to equip a car with a flamethrower. 
 I saw they turned it down for $75 million.
 I bet they are really kicking themselves in the you know what for passing up on that offer now.
 Wow! That's great! Did you know that a government's philosophy is a balance of individual freedom and absolute state authority (tyranny).
 Its important to have a balance. If you renounce your citizenship the government publishes your full name.
 I like reality TV a lot. Did you know that there is only one episode of the Simpson's that Bart does not appear and he is not mentioned?
 I heard that.  Also, Homer Simpson had 188 jobs in 400 episodes. lol
 Oh my gosh! I never knew. Did you know that Ringo Starr narrated many episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine?
 I love dolphins, they are so smart!  If they communicate over the telephone apparently they know who they are talking to. lol
 I like them too, I had no idea they could communicate over the phone. I know the telephone converts the human voice into electronic signals that are transmitted but I did not know it could do the same for dolphins.
 Yes, nice talking to you as well!
 Just watching a little bit of it all.I like the Simpsons. I was not crazy about the episode where Bart was not seen or talked about though.
 Yes, more than I need to see and I've seen a lot. As many kids shows as I've seen, when I was watching I never realized that Ringo Starr narrated Thomas the Tank Engine. 
 My youngest did. Even George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have narrated the show. I wish I would have realized this when I was watching instead of finding out later.
 Oh, that is a good idea! It's just amazing that the whole US Nuclear ICBM does not have as much computing power as an I phone.
 I agree, and to think the diameter of the cables on the ocean floor that carry internet and phone data are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
 Hello,  did you know mcdonalds added a drive thu in 1975?
 Yeah. Maggie is cute. As a kid I stopped watching the Simpsons because I thought it was unrealistic that they never grow up. Haha.
 Yeah, I did watch Pokemon for a while. That is a lot of episodes! I also used to watch Thomas the Tank Engine a lot but when I was a toddler.
 That is so funny! And Ringo Starr as well!
 Yeah, it probably would not be the same thing in UK English especially if made verbatim.
 I just can't imagine all the jokes translating into UK English since they made it word for word.
 Yeah, you're right! I usually watch on my laptop but ometimes I'm on the go and I watch on my iPhone. The iPhone hasmore computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 What is it called?  Did you know that there is a website that you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio drama free?
 Wow!  Do you go on Facebook?  They had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people you get a free whopper.
 Facebook is mostly blue because Zuckerburg is red-green colorblind
 Yes, for $75 million I bet they regret that.
 That is very odd.  Iceland even decided to use Facebook to rewrite their constitution. That sounds risky.
 Yeah I think I'm going to move to South Africa at least I can put a flame-thrower on my car there!
 How about those Caddy's?  The Cadillac was named after a French explorer Antoine de la mothe and he had founded Detroit!
 Yeah I heard about that she got killed by a stray bullet, it's awful man.
 Wow! I knew he was big but that's insane. I also find it crazy that by law 40% of the music played on Canadian radio must be Canadian. What a strange law. 
 Huh? They must not enforce that. I live in Ohio and we all do. The winters are freezing and I don't know what we would do if we didn't. 
 Yes. I always liked him. I was shocked to learn that he got his break because he won a Steve Martin look alike contest! I don't think he looks anything like him. 
 I absolutely adore Bill Murray. I also find it hilarious that Ronald Reagan lost out on a movie role once because they didn't think he had a presidential look. How ironic. 
 They are very interesting indeed! Hey, at least we're not listening to Canadian radio where 40% is required by law to be Canadian music. It's like how would they even know what music is Canadian and what isn't?
 Ha! Agreed! Almost as unexpected as an entertainment executive telling Ronald Reagan one time that he didn't think he had that presidential look. That was an epic fail on that executive's part!
 And Bill Nye became famous because he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest. How weird? Ha!
 Hi there do you know that Jupiter has radio storms
 they named it foxhole radios  it has a pencil and a blade 
 ITs beacuse of soldiers drive thru was invented by MC Donalds Looks like many inventions are built for army later used for people in general
 Fiinnish radio has a latin newa show.. not sure how Finns know Latin .
 Do you know that car was first patented under name Benz patent Motorwagen
 haha that is a good idea, I wish we could do that experiment actually, I do like in Nevada that there is an option to vote for none of the candidates instead of letting people make in uninformed decision
 yes, what I didn't know was that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 most wealthy US Presidents list, I wonder if this is adjusted for inflation?
 ah yes I remember reading that, also crazy that the white house guest house is bigger than the actual White House itself! Crazy
 haha, what would be wild is if Trump released 3 pop albums like the President of Indonesia did, now that would be a wild thing
 What I can't figure out is why the first president of the country Zimbabwe wanted to be called President Banana, just doesn't sound like a cool name haha
 Oh, at least that's a bit less confusing than the current electoral college system. Some people find it confusing that even when a candidate wins the popular vote, they don't actually end up being president like some countries do.
 Yeah, I wonder if they still own the land! Wonder what President Trump's nickname is called, does he have one like the President of Zimbabwe does, he's called President Banana
 I wonder if they force citizens to support his albums, but maybe its because of that campaign tactic, the president won that election.
 Yes, the other two were Jefferson and JFK.
 Well, here's another fun fact for you -- since 1900, the taller candidate for President has won 3/4 of the time.
 hey did you know that Donald Trump wouldn't make the list of the top 3 most wealthy presidents?
 ya that is what I've heard as well, do you think Trump will release a pop album like the president of indonesia did? haha
 Ya know I totally believe that because I visited Washington DC and stood in front of the White House and was surprised a how small it is. 
 ha well I guess I should go again, also would be crazy if we still had the old rules, where the runner up became VP, we would have president trump and VP Hillary, imagine the drama!
 That would be a funny night terror! I think I would hope for ancient athens elections, where they picked the winner by a lottery.
 That's awesome! He has the same  nickname as my daughter Hannah. She loves it so he probably does too. HA.
 ya that could be a solid choice, I think it's crazy that the highest voter turnout percentage is about 63
 Oh Russians, always having fun.  Not like in the US where a cat named Hank was running in the Virginia Senate Election.  He got third.
 Oh how interesting, I have one for you too, do you know why the area code of New York is 212?
 I would guess that the early idea was numbers like 313, 414.  NY was first, so 212.  In 1930's an actress helped invent cell phone wifi and gps.  way to go Hedy Lamarr.
 Yes please tell me, I am intrigued!
 In that Lincoln photo was John Wilkes Booth.  Always a bad sign when you have three names.
 Yeah, that must be big. And the White House is mostly office space -- I wonder how big the actual living quarters are.
 Yes.  You?  I used to watch the Simpson and how that mentions or shows the character Bart in all but one episode.
 No.  Maybe my kids.  I understand that there are over 750 episodes. 
 Did you watch the 70's Show?  They tried it in the UK and it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 An 80's show?  Speaking or TV, I can't believe Hugh Laurie makes $700K per episode for House.
 Ha.  That's funny.  It's also funny that Michael Caine became an actor because there were cute girls in the drama class
 I'm trying to figure out who Jon Hamm is... I didn't know drama is considered a genre in poetry...
 Not really... I prefer football.  The highest paid state employees in 39 of 50 states are football and basketball coaches.  Glad we have our priorities straight...
 He should have invented some different rules.  I can't believe the Supreme Court Building has a basketball court on top. No wonder it takes forever to get a ruling.
 Even phone books have become obsolete. Did you know its impossible to separate two of them if their pages overlap?
 Thats a crazy amount. I hope they get recycled
 Yep I think it's bad to. Apparently that's how they did stuff in ancient Athens though. It just doesn't seem very smart to me
 Haha that's a good point. What do you think about UNICEF donating clean water for every minute you don't use your cell phone? I certainly don't use mine 24 hours a day, so I guess I should be doing that to help people
 I actually think that's incorrect. Unfortunately, Trump is the richest president in my opinion.
 Yeah - I'm surprised it works so well with cables just laying in the ocean
 That's pretty cool - I never knew any of that
 Huh. I would have never guessed that. Navada is the only state with "none of these candidates" on the ballot. Seems weird.
 Oh yeah, attached to the wall. Not much to it. Now an iPhone has more computing power than our nuclear arsenal.
 Hah! I remember being so excited to answer the phone and now Unicef will donate water for every minute you stay OFF your phone.
 Oh really, I had no idea. I know Daniel Radcliffe voiced edward cullen on The Simpsons episode Tree House Of Horror xxi.
 Wow, that is crazy! Patrick Stewart teaches drama classes in the UK.
 What was the reason for that?  It sounded interesting.
 I feel the commercials aren't even good enough anymore. Did you know Kiss bought into an arena football team and offered a contract to Tim Tebow? 
 I did not know that. We really love our football. 14 of the world's largest stadiums are belonging to american college football teams.
 and football wasn't always that popular. Bowling stars used to make twice as much as football stars
 iphones have completely revolutionized the industry. An iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 That seems it would be annoying if there really was a page that you wanted to see.
 Yes, football is my favorite sport. My favorite team is the new York giants, do you like football?
 Did you know that circular huddle was created for a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read the quarterback's hand signals
 No I didn't know, that is great information, thanks for sharing. Did you know the quarterback is usually the leader of the offensive team? 
 Yeah, they are the most important players of the team.  Did you know that Kellan Moor is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
 really? i didn't know about it but thank for letting me know i like to know everything about football. do you know the NFL is one of the four major professional sports league in north America?
 yeah personally it is my favorite. I want to say something about my favorite quarterback, do you know that his first name is Elisha ?
 yeah he is still active. That's why my favorite team is the new York giants because I'd love to be their quarterback. Yes Alex smith took so many ap test in high schoo,l he entered University as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years and began working on a master's degree
 I concur.  Also, there are only 11 minutes of gametime in a nfl game
 nice chatting with you too. have a great day with your family and have fun watching Monday night football
 Same here.  Did you know the Eagles had a temporary court set up in their stadium because of their fans poor behavior?  People getting bent out of shape over a game.
 I do not know very much but from the little I do, I enjoy it. I really like learning fun facts like Eli Manning has a genius level IQ.
 I know mostly about quarterbacks. I was surprised to find out there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
 That is very interesting. It's good that huddles are so effective. We may not know what is going on inside a huddle but NFL does know every move on the field from tracking chips inside shoulder pads.
 It certainly is not the fastest moving game. Neither is baseball. There is a quarterback that is still under control with MLB despite not playing a game since 2011.
 That is odd. Some things can be improved. Like the fact that only 2 African-American quarterbacks have won the Superbowl. That number seems very low.
 Disney pays them $30,000!
 That is a unique name. He was the 1st draft pick in 2004. He was drafted by the Chargers. I didn't even know that was a team...
 Incredible. Imagine that siblings rivalry. I am blown away by Eli Manning facts. He started in 210 straight games starting in 2004. Can you imagine the punishment his body took in that time?
 A kicker would be the only position they would probably allow. There's no female baseball players either.
 lol Is there that much money to be made doing it?  
 That's just crazy. They need to come up with a better way to speed the games up instead of them lasting 3 hours.
 Haha yea pretty much. Did you know Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue competitive video gaming?
 It said Halo was one of the games he's good at. 
 Oh yea I heard some make a ton of money. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior. 
 Not sure on that one. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players? 
 Haha I did not know that, but that's an odd name for a guy. 
 I hear there is a website that allows people to listen to thousands for free!
 Wow, that's impressive!! Not only are they true hero's but very smart too!  I think they called them foxhole radios, very cool!
 In Canada, there is a law requiring 40 percent Canadian content!
 Yes, I've heard of that, isn't that a weekly program? I didn't know that the tea party was 15% democrats? Interesting
 Yeah, for sure!! Did you know there hasn't been a president that wasn't  a democrat or republican since 1853?
 I find that surprising! I thought it was before 2000? I would think that date would less than 19 years ago!!
 Yeah! Peyton's considered by many to be one of the greatest passers ever!
 Plus, Eli is not only a great quarterback, but I hear he's got an IQ considered to be genius.
 Yes, all quarterbacks, I can't imagine! lol  Football can have some weird rules. I hear cheerleaders of New Or Saints must leave a restaurant if the football players show up.
 That seems pretty rude! Wonder how they enforce that.  I heard the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads for stats.  Maybe they use one off the field to track them as wel!
 Ah Waterboy!   That's right. "You can do it!"  There must be a movie about the actual NFL.   The NFL's 17-week regular season should provide enough fodder for a Hollywood script!
 11 mins or not...I'll pass.lol Also the lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than that  of an NFL player.
 Yes, I think I do, JFK, Washington, I forgot the third president.
 Would you believe this that donald Trump is the wealthiest president and Lincoln was one of the poorest.
 Yes you are right. Lincoln was the first President to be photographed for his inauguration.
 Wow, I wonder the same thing, last year I think when Clemson beat Alabama in college football, the team had dinner at the white house or guest house and Trump gave them fast food, when they were expecting a meal.
 Yesterday definitely would have been different with that case. Who are your favorite quarterbacks though? I really like Tom Brady
 Yep I agree. Quarterbacks are important, like the deaf quarterback who invented the Huddle, talk about a great invention
 No it's definitely a huge part of the sport! I can't believe that Baker Mayfield was going to become professional video game player. He was so good at Halo 3 he could beat anyone on campus
 Or think about a super athlete like Russell Wilson.  The current Seattle quarterback hasn't played baseball since 2011, but is still on a major league baseball contract.  In fact, he even was part of a trade in 2018!
 That's amazing! I love how talented some of these quarterbacks are, like Alex Smith who passed out of so many classes in high school and college that he got his college degree in 2 years
 Some amazing athletes and smart people as well!   That said, I wonder if ANY quarterback in history will achieve Brad Johnson's feat of throwing a TD pass to himself!
 No I agree with you. What they should work on is the length of games though. Only 11 minutes of live gameplay and yet a game on TV can take up to 3 hours
 That said, for those 11 minutes, the NFL really invests a lot!  They have tracking chips that monitor almost every movement from players and the football.
 Yes I think the tracking chips are kind of scary. They can track the ball as well as player locations. I'm an engineer and apparently engineers make a higher lifetime average income than NFL players, which is interesting
 That is interesting.  I wonder how many current players are engineers and can fall back on it?  I do know that Matt Patricia is the only coach who is also a rocket scientist!  
 He's probably a genius! I just think it's dumb how cheerleaders can't be in the same restaurant as players, that seems like an outdated rule, I bet that a rocket scientist wouldn't have any problems with being in the same room as a cheerleader LOL
 That is pretty funny! What do you think about Eli Manning by the way? His first name is actually Elicia
 I really dislike the Packers!!!!  They are one of the Bears enemies and I cannot support them nor associate with their fans!  Sorry I am a bit of a sore sport when it comes to matches between the Bears and Packers.  I lived close to Chicago growing up and still do and I seek out their matches every year.
 Stats are great to go off of to.  I love stats.  Without them it would be hard to predict which teams will match up with each other prior to the years beginning of Football.  I am a major fan so its nice to stick to the stats.  Do you like Eli Manning?
 Really? It is surprising how the same governor position can either be a ceremonial position or a position of power
 My state has not had a female governor ever. I do not remember a female candidate even running recently.
 That would have been very interesting if that happened! I couldn't imagine that occurring today.
 ya I plan to listen in on that sometime, did you know Bill Murray did a voice on the radio back in the 70s?
 can't say that I do, and ya he has great music but I guess back in the 40's his songs would literally take up over half of all radio playing at any given time
 ya it was Woodrow Wilson, and that was in the early 1900's
 haha ya that is cool, the idea I like in Guatemala is that presidential relatives cant run for president
 ya that seems like a crazy name, also sad is the last president to speak a language other than English was FDR
 I knew he had said he was in the service somehow, but I didn't know that he actually fought and almost died. That's a surprise to me.
 Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees! Isn't that amazing?
 It's amazing they've been around for over 420 million years! That's mind blowing! Hey it was great chatting with you!
 So cool. Canadian radios are so particular in that they require that 40% of the music be canadian
 they are really strange creatures
 People are so afraid of them and yet they're basically jellyfish on land haha. Did you know they can be trained to bark like dogs too?
 Do you think that the student's death at University of Oregon was due to poor life choices?
 Yes. I think that many freshman know to do better, but they choose not to. And, you can't really hold the university accountable for each individual student's behavior.
 Oh, did you know that Hugh Laurie one of the highest paid for drama $700,000 per episode in house?
 That is big time money. Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore!
 Haha still not too late! Jon Hamm also taught a drama class!
 Interesting. Did you know that Apple made a clothing line in 1986? 
 I would like to listen to that one. I also learned that in Canada by law the music played must be at least 40% Canadian. What a strange law. 
 I find them fascinating. They seem like such scary creatures but they actually rescue people!
 Partially, yes. Their weight can crush them on land because of the lack of a rib cage. I had also heard they can be trained. I heard that they can even be trained to bark!
 I think that would freak me out more than just seeing a shark. Imagine being somewhere and a shark comes up and starts barking!
 No. I think there were some lean years to say the least! I cannot imagine not selling out... The frist team to beat the packers were from Beloit!
 Weren't they called the Fairies? that is a funny name for a football team!
 Yeah. I find their ownership weird too. The community owns them?
 Oh wow, that would be really interesting to read. I might have to check it out. I wonder who won? Could have been that Beloit team if they still played!
 Yeah, I want to check it out as well. I find it funny that there was a team called the Beloit Fairies, and that they were the first team to ever beat the Packers!
 Interesting!  Kellan Moore is currently the only left handed QB in the NFL.
 I didn't know that The green bay packers are the only community owned, not for profit major franchise in american professional sports.
 That's amazing! The first team to ever beat the green bay packers was a team called the beloit fairies.
 They started in 1919!
 The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
 That's pretty cool. The average game only has 11 minutes of gameplay!
 That's hard to believe! Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl!
 I haven't even heard of one, myself.  But, I would have thought maybe a kicker would have at least tried.  Quite a few females play Soccer and that's a natural transition.
 Women have alot more lower body strength than men, though.
 Me too, the NFL has gotten somewhat boring to me, lately. That last Superbowl I watched seemed like it lasted three hours.
 Exactly, a waste of time, for sure!
 It's a shame most of  those boys don't make more money than what they do.  I read in the paper that an engineer can expect to make more in their lifetime than the average player does.  
 Yeah well I know Americans take their football seriously. There are even trackers inside shoulder pads and balls these days.
 The Green Bay Packers have really dedicated fans. Their games have sold out since 1960.
 Nice! Do you still have it? I just learned that the packers are named after an indian packing company.
 Yeah, they have been playing there since 1957. They are also the third oldest NFL franchise, 1919.
 I learned of that recently, the Beloit Fairies! Whatever happened to them?
 Ha, it is pretty funny. In 1975 George R.R. Martin wrote a short story called the last superbowl where a game was played between the Packers and the Hoboken Jets. He wrote that it was the last game because simulated sports had become popular. It is possible that we could head in this direction, so I find that very interesting that he could have predicted that.
 I play fantasy football too.  I did not know Packers was the third oldest
 That definitely makes sense. I figured they were well loved because they appeared in the movie Pitch Perfect, and the fact that an NFL game only has about 11 minutes of live play. So most people want the actual experience of seeing their fave team. Do you know how long they've been a franchise?
 He wrote the game of thrones.  I asked Alexa lol
 He's a Jersey boy.  Guess that explains that.  And what about the football team named Beloit Fairies?
 They were the first team to ever beat the packers.
 Really? I wonder how the people watching the games in the stadiums do not get bored with all of the down time  in between.
 Haha, that is true. The NFL has no rule against female players playing.
 There was just the first female non-kicker signed to a scholarship. Linebacker at a D3 school.
 Speaking of quarterbacks, Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL!
 That's weird. Matt Patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL.
 I wonder what made him change careers. I feel like a rocket scientist would be a much better one!
 The circular huddle was created to stop the enemy team from reading one's hand signals.
 Did you know the QB with the most wins in CLE is PIT QB Ben Roethlisberger?
 It's funny that there is only 1 left handed quarter back in the NFL. I wonder how many people in the US population are left handed?
 Maybe it would throw the kicker off if the holder was on the opposite side from what they are used to. I wonder how long Russel Wilson is under contract to  the Rangers, that he is still officially a baseball player!
 I guess they may start off at some of the more specialized positions like kickers. Funny that people put there baby's names on the waiting list for Green Bay game tickets since there is such a long waiting list. That's some serious fans there.
 I don't understand how they are community owned. So who in the community owns them? So you know?
 The origin of the name is odd. The Indian Packing company? I would never have guessed that.
 I do. I watch the Super Bowl. I like the Patriots a lot what about you? That game was really boring and I can see why an average game only has about 11 minutes of live game playing
 I could see that. Do you know any engineering students? I'm sure they would love to know that they will make on average a higher lifetime income than an NFL player
 Yeah that's really weird. I wonder if he just wasn't good back then or if the coach just didn't realize haha. Another quarterback I like is Kellen Moore. He's left-handed
 I would assume they are a department of the local government.  They may be not for profit, but so is the NFL's central organization, and they make a ton a money anyways.  It would be funny if the Green Bay football players are the best-paid government workers!
 I'll be he's kicking himself for it!
 yeah...even giselle can't save him.  but at least hes not sporting a cowboy hat and bolo tie
 I never knew the Packers name came from the Indian Packing Company
 I hear the first team to beat them were called the fairies.
 It makes sense.  Thank you for the clarification.  
 It's amazing that they have sold out every game since 1960.
 Did you know Baker Mayfield once thought about quitting football to pursue a career in professional gaming?
 Haha. I saw that Alex Smith took so many AP courses in high school that he was a junior when he started college.
 I think so too. Did you know the NFL has no rule against female players?
 Me either. Maybe as a kicker or something like that.
 That would be awesome. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads?
 Yeah that would be a lot of fun to see. The Green Bay Packers are the only community owned not-for-profit major franchise in American professional sports.
 Yeah Rogers is very good. However with his injury, his ability to move within and outside the pocket was limited but even still he was a major threat.
 Interesting. Another interesting fact is that the circular huddle used in today's football was created by a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals.
 Yes a very impressive legacy indeed. Tom Brady wasn't always good he didn't even start on his junior varsity football team.
 Yeah that is really cool. Everyone thinks that football players make a ton of money but engineers actually make more.
 Is that right,wow. Bummer! Matt Patricia was a rocket scientist before he was a player. That is a weird leap.
 Very oddly indeed. Did you know that the Green Bay Packers have sold out every game since 1960? Very impressive.
 Yeah very historic. How much do tickets cost? I didn't know they were named after the india packing company.
 Hello! Do you like to watch football?
 I try to as much as I can, which isn't that often anymore. I would say I like to watch the Green Bay Packers!
 That's my guess haha. The beloit fairies were the first team to ever beat them!
 Haha I would have to say so myself! I'm glad the NFL was created though for sure!
 Did you know the NFL uses chips to record player's every move?
 That could happen for sure! They need equal rights though, Saint's cheerleaders can't even be in the same restaurant as players!
 I agree with you! Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
 Oh that is quite official, if you like presidential artistic works, the president of Indonesia has released 3 music albums while in office. 
 I agree with you about that. Lol Sometimes, government does good though.  The Norwegian government donated a billion dollars to save the rainforest in the Amazon.
 Yeah, I read somewhere that they own 86% of the land.  
 I'm not really into politics but find it interesting that he did not win the popular vote. Five presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote.The greatest margin is 10 percent.
 trump cannot be prosecuted while he is in office though apparently
 Wow, that is pretty big! Well at least our government does no censor the word censorship like China does.
 Yeah who knows. The governmen has shut down 17 times over the pas 37 years.
 That is awesome.  I never read about that in any history books. You know, an elementary school replaced desks wih reading bicycles and test scores rocketed. 
 That is pretty cool of them!
 yes I agree, could be worse your president could be named President Banana like in Zimbabwe ahha
 You think that is strange, did you know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?
 wow weird, what if trump released a pop album, that would be insane!
 that is true, and even dictators can still be called President, its just a term I guess
 ya its funny that summits are the norm these days but only really started in 1955
 Did you know that the media are who actually labeled them 'summits.' Funny how those things come about.
 I don't know, considering they are the only country that has been a permanent guest there every year.
 I didn't even know that was a thing, what does that even sound like, I wonder.  Did you know it is law in Canada that 40% of the music played has to be canadian?
 ya, at least they're free on this one website online, but you usually get what you pay for lol
 Who knows, that could be interesting. Maybe I will have to go check that out.  
 He must had been a really smart president did he ever record a pop album? the president of Indonesia did, in fact 3 of them
 That is awesome Im about to be a father for the first time so I think I will test that theory I would love to have a congratulations card from the White House
 I think so. He's so young, only 40 years old, for a President. That's very impressive.
 Football is great. But if you listen to the radio comments and then turn on the TV you realize that your imagination is more active than what actually happens in the field!
 Now you don't even need a TV or a radio, you can watch a match on your phone using internet! 
 Yes it's kind of sad actually. It doesn't say that they were best-selling either. So they're probably not very good
 I heard that there were replicas in Ireland and France actually? Maybe he built those haha
 I think so. I know that George Bush put solar panels on the White House. Originally Jimmy Carter had them on, and then Ronald Reagan took them off, and then I guess George put them back on haha
 No I agree with you. Did you like Teddy Roosevelt though? He was a staunch conservationist. I guess he banned the White House from having Christmas trees
 Yep I think that was a good example. I think a bad example is that the White House still uses floppy disks. Get with the times!
 He knew to look for children first, too.
 It's amazing to think that before the Model T in 1908 that cars were not available to the masses
 Yes, you are right. So I presume you like classic cars? A man in New York bought a property and was surprised to see a barn full of classic cars.
 Plus they only do about 11 minutes of action per game! That's a great salary on a per-minute basis!
 Oh that is very nice!!
 Few people that visit Reddit actually vote on content. Less than 1% in fact
 Yes, I meant to say, the first made in America but I see you knew what I meant! I guess in the UK they call it a boot but in the US we call the back a trunk, because old cars literally had a wooden trunk on the back to store things!
 I did not know  that!! Do you know about the name for the brand Cadillac?
 Really? ! Speaking of macho things, the guy who designed macho man's wrestling gear also designs clothes for Jimi Hendrix, Aerosmith and others!
 I can hardly imagine Lincoln doing that LOL! I did not know Plato was a wrestler before being a philosopher
 Me too! I've been to a few Georgia Tech games, back when I lived close to them. They hold the record for the highest score ever, when they defeated Cumberland 222-0, in 1916. Wow what a blow-out!
 Yep I drive mine almost every day, what's crazy is that it's cold outside right now in Michigan and yet in Ohio it would be illegal to warm up my car right now
 Yeah that's true. Have you ever been inside of a self-driving car by the way? Apparently Google cars have a"aggressive mode"
 They had to make them withstand heavier use because the Indian market uses their horns so much more LOL
 Yeah I didn't know that. I also didn't know that Neil deGrasse Tyson was a great wrestler back in high school and college too
 I did not know that! I thought there were at least a couple more lefties in the NFL.
 Yes, I know that 212 was used for NY because it was the fastest to dial with a rotary phone. I would never have guessed that!
 Most kids these days wouldn't recognize a rotary! Have you heard of UNICEF's special program to help kids?
 Yes, isn't that a crazy law?! That's the best thing as a kid, staying up past midnight on the weekends to play! lol
 That seems like a lot, but with so many people playing, it really adds up! I was surprised to learn Tom Hank's brother does woody's voice in  video games! I wonder why Tom Hanks doesn't?
 Oh wow. I never knew that!
 Yep I agree. Did you ever play a game of bowling by the way? Top bowlers used to make twice as much as top football players in the 60s
 Yep I agree. I'm not very good either, I do think it's cool that ESPN won an Emmy. They did that for the yellow line that indicates first downs on TV
 Yep I agree. It's always helped me to keep track during games. I wish that they had recorded the highest scoring football game, it happened in 1916 so they didn't have video cameras
 No I don't know. I don't think Cumberland was all that good, I would feel bad to be one of their fans LOL.
 Yes I do play video games. I like their original name,"cathode ray tube Amusement devices"LOL definitely not as fun sounding as a video game
 Haha I agree with you there. Did you ever play a toy story video game? apparently Tom Hanks brother sounds very similar and so does all of Tom Hanks voices in video games
 Yes I enjoyed it as well. Be careful though, Apparently one game designer says that the whole planet plays 3 billion hours of video games a week, there could be a better use of our time
 Did you know New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 No i didn't. That seems odd. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone.
 Probably a NY fan... Did you know Near the end of super bowl 46, the new england patriots let the new york giants score a touchdown, and the giants tried to avoid scoring a touchdown, both to increase their odds of winning. the giants involuntarily scored a touchdown but won anyway.
 The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 Who lays the cable? Is there an international phone company?
 I agree. Hard to believe that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!
 That they do! Crazy that the average lifetime salary of an engineer is higher than that of an NFL player.
 Unless your a star player, you don't get the big bucks.
 It really helps you appreciate how elite a level these athletes play at. I can only dream of making some of the throws that they make look routine.
 Yes, technology really has changed the way things work. I mean, an Iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 That's a lot of power! 
 I think it's a true testament to just how much was accomplished with no computing power.
 I agree. It makes it hard to believe that the cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 They probably make them that small since there's not a lot of risk of someone getting down there and cutting them!
 I am not really into football though I went to an awesome superbowl party. I didn't really pay attention tot eh game, ha. Apparently there was a University of Georgia game that had a lot of surprising comparisons to the Atlanta Falcons.
 It's surprising how much the sport has evolved since then. ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line they created.
 Yeah, I guess that was supposed to be insulting? But now pink is a color proudly worn by man NFL players in order to support the fight against breast cancer.
 I would not be surprised at all with anything really. There is so much going on in the world and the development of new things is just crazy. Apparently Stan Lee officiated a wedding in 1987 when spiderman married mary jane where actors dressed up in costumes participated in it
 Interesting! In the Amazing Spider Man comic's last issue, Doctor Octopus swaps consciousness with spiderman and becomes the new spiderman in the superior spider man series. How confusing!
 I know, Spider-man seems to have really evolved over time, as many other comics really. The animated series of 1900's spiderman was performed by joe perry of aerosmith, of all people.
 You mentioned Stan Lee earlier. He was supposed to get 10 percent of net profits from his characteres but for the first spider man movie the producers claimed they didn't make a profit and he got nothing.
 That is just not fair. I mean Stan Lee made a great career but the beginnings are always so important. Crazy to think that Spiderman has already 10 live action movies.
 Just out of curiosity. Alex Smith the quarterback took so many ap tests in high school that he entered college a a junior. Way to go for him, got a masters degree before he was even picked in the nfl draft.
 Wow, that's really smart. It's a good idea to have a backup plan. Once, Baker Mayfield was going to quit football in order to become a competitive gamer.
 Most definitely, I heard of a nfl player who teacher when it is not game season. Kellan Moore on the other hand is the only left handed quarterback in nfl.
 I like it in the summer when there is nothing else on lol. I wouldn't want to play in the 60s though where bowlers made more than football players!
 That is so insane! I wonder if the team is any good lol. I'm sure they were better than Junipero Serra High School's JV team!
 I remember seeing that! I feel like some should be doing more than football, especially Alex Smith!
 I'm sure they bill the government lol. Do you like to watch any of the spiderman movies?
 I guess before the piano the keyboard instruments plucked the strings. Why would someone put a piano on top of Britain's highest mountain? The eccentricity of the country knows no bounds.
 Did you know that him and Haydn had a piano that was made from the wood of the same tree? Now that's wild!
 Yeah seems well deserved for him. In 2016 they broke the record for the most wins in an NBA season!
 I'm doing good. Thanks for asking. Did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 I bet he will be on that list soon. The first president in Zimbabwe received an unpleasant nickname after a fruit
 Not sure why, but definitely odd. The US president guest house is actually bigger than the white house.
 Oh that's pretty cool. In 1805, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
 That would be interesting. Imagine Trump as president and Clinton as VP.
 Oh yea it would be crazy. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Yea I listen to it during my commute to work. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up on Earth. 
 No idea on that one. Soldiers in WWII made radios using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode. 
 Haha that's pretty crazy they have storms that strong that can be heard on Earth. 
 That would be cool to find out. Did you know that in Canada, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music from Canada?
 I agree. Soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode. 
 That would be cool to try out. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 I agree. Did you know the top three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
 Not sure about the home called Monticello. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was nicknamed president banana.
 I can't imagine Trump and Clinton being our president and vice president.
 Yea for sure. The presidents guest house is actually larger than the white house. 
 Nice. I read that it is not against the rules for a female to play. 
 yes I think that is correct, its wild that there is only about 11 mins of live gameplay in an average NFL game though, seems low
 ya they get like, locatino, speed and rotation I think, im just glad that we don't have to wear them as citizens, all that info would b scary!
 I have heard of it and I don't like it! Seems dumb they have to leave if a player enters teh restaurant theyre in, etc,
 yup I agree, its very outdated, seems like the kind of team that woudl but tracking chips on people even outside of the games
 haha it sounds like it, pretty scary though that the only difference between seeing fantasy as reality is one fold in the brain
 well this must be an old article because it says the bills are in the playoffs LOL
 well... so far we are looking a gift horse in the mouth... so hopefully we can combine our luck with skill and we should have a chance!
 yeah me too!  Will be hanging with friends! funny how the first playoff game was in chicago
 hahahaaaa... really?  iwas in shock!  Geez ben rothlisberger has the most wins in cleveland browns stadium since their reintroduction
 yeah... but a QB does not make a team!  Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist!?!
 Yes, that is interesting. So is a New Orleans cheerleader in the restaurant at the same time as the NFL player!
 I agree, crazy !  Interesting live gameplay is only 11 minutes.
 I know, he worked so hard and long. The difference in the brain for reality and fantasy is a single fold, Wow!
 Yes, Very nice to be Knighted for comedic fantasy!
 Yep he did. He also taught Erin from the office in his drama classes back in high school haha who would have thought that
 No I had no idea, I guess if you split up a running back's time on the field between plays and timeouts that's what it would average out to 
 It's kinda surprising that an engineer makes more on average in a lifetime than a NFL player
 Yea it has, theres one guy who beat 90,000 people in Gran Turismo and was able to become a professional race car driver
 yes the craze for these type of games have increased a lot in youngsters and they are starting achieve many things that we couldn't at their  age
 I did. The game was kind of boring. But that makes sense when the average NFL game only has about 11 minutes of gameplay haha
 Isn't that weird? Also weird is that video games were initially called"cathode ray tube Amusement devices" that doesn't make them sound very fun
 Speaking of Gran Turismo, I can't believe Jann Mardenborough became a pro race car driver by beating 90,000 people in that game.
 I like american football the best! I didn't realize how many different sports were considered football.
 They were adopted rapidly in the United States, but in Western Europe and other parts of the world it took a lot longer for cars to be accepted. I guess they liked their animal drawn carriages and carts!
 Interesting! I guess they don't have any McDonald's drive-thrus there. Did you know those were added in 1975 to accommodate soliders who were not allowed ot get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues! 
 Wow! I didn't know that. If you fly to Mars under constant 1g acceleration, it will only take 2 or 3 days to get there! You can go check it out!
 Yes, I do too! Go to some games. That score in 1916 was crazy, 220-0! I am surprised they didn't stop it at some point!
 That's surprising, sounds easier when they put it that way 
 I know, that imperial system doesn't work well.  Wonder where it went? 
 Hey, Virginia Tech had a disappointing game. It's a real bummer!
 I cannot believe the Cavs beat Miami. Miami had a good team that day. Surprising.
 Yeah, Mayfield was going to pursue gaming and thank goodness he didn't do it! He was a first round pick for the Browns. 
 I feel like MJ was a weird dude. But he did not invent the moonwalk!
 He played for the Vikings. He is the only QB in history to throw a touchdown pass to himself!
 Yes there definitely is. Only two Super Bowl winning QB's were African American. That's surprising when so many players are black. 
 I have a feeling his father would have pushed him into whatever he could have. I just recently discovered that he did not invent the moonwalk. That is so surprising to me. 
 It is amazing that a football team never scored once in a season and never played their back-up QB, Tom Brady.
 Wow, that seems like it was some bad judgment on the coach's part. What team was that?
 Wow. He really defeated the stereotype about sports students just getting through on sports scholarships instead of grades!
 That's crazy. Can you imagine driving down one of those long, empty Nevada highways and then, boom, giant robot out of nowhere? Michael Jackson had a creative mind, that's for sure.
 No kidding! So, now onto other tech, TV is pretty amazing. I am familiar with the show Thomas about the train, but had no idea Ring Starr narrated it.
 Did you know there have been over 750 episodes of Pokemon? Enough for 50 a year for 16 years!!
 Agreed, although I wish they got new movies sooner. Hard to believe Netflix takes 33% of all bandwidth in North America from 9 pm to 12 am! Good talking to you.
 I dont know, but Plato, like the Plato was also a wrestler.  Maybe wresting makes you smart....
 Yeah, I had heard that.  Surprising there is only one.  I wonder how many NCAA lefties there are.
 In texas even the high school stadiums are big and cost like 60 million to build
 I had heard that.  I want to see that clip.  I bet it was incredible.
 I think it's because older cars used to have wooden trunks way in the back, do you agree that we should not have flamethrowers on our cars like they do in South Africa?
 Yep you're right! I live in Michigan and right by Detroit, and even I didn't know that haha
 No I didn't know that. I didn't know that cars were around that long ago, I did know that the model T was created in 1908 though
 Yes they did it to help out Soldiers. The soldiers couldn't get out of their cars because they are wearing fatigues, but the drive-thru let them still get food, they must have changed the rules on soldiers and fatigues recently
 Yes and I love the South Park episode that makes fun of Family Guy, have you seen that one? The Simpsons creators actually sent South Park Flowers after it was aired LOL
 Yes I need to watch that one. I also need to catch up on my Pokemon, I watched as a kid but now there are almost 800 episodes!
 I wouldn't have thought you could make any money bowling, shows you what I know.  It's staggering what pro players can make not.
 That I did not know either.  I know there is some law that predicts how powerful compute power increases over time, Moore's law I think it is.
 Some, I do enjoy football somewhat. THat yellow first dwon line got ESPN an Emmy believe it or not.
 ya I think that was a genius invention, also genius was how Georgia Tech won the highest scoring football game of all time, 222-0! Thats a lot of points
 ya they beat cumberland, I feel so bad for those fans! they must have been super dissappointed that day!
 Money in the game certainly has changed also. In the '60s bowling pros mad more money than Football stars.
 To make calls, infrequently, to play games and surf Facebook constantly. My iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear deterrent.
 well if you do that, you can't pull them apart! the friction holds the pages all together , it is impossible to separate them, maybe I'll try that with the phone books I have in the base
 ya I heard about that, I should do that to help people, have you ever made a call overseas? theres a cable that runs from the USA to Europe and it is only 3 inches thick!
 Seems that way. Were you aware that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players? That seems crazy now. 
 Yes. That's insane. How does a team possibly score that many points?!
 I don't know, it's also crazy Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled a football in his career
 I did not but that's a very worthy cause. I did hear that the Golden State Warriors earned $12 million by losing game 4 of the NBA finals. That's a big payday for a loss. 
 It's crazy how far phones have come, an iphone has more computer power than the US nuclear icbm deterrent!
 Yeah it definitely seems slow paced which I dislike. I wonder how they tracked that, I know they use tracking chips in players shoulder pads and the footballs so maybe that's how they draw analysis.
 I didn't know that! That's a smart technique though, I wonder when that was invented. I know the first playoff game in the NFL was played on a dirt field, wonder if they were huddling even back then.
 Right? It's shocking how unique some parts of football are. Also, only two quarterbacks winning the Super Bowl have been African American, I would've thought a lot more.
 That's fair, I'm still a fan of individual players. Like Steph Curry I like a lot, he was sort of a dark horse when you think about it. He didn't even receive any scholarship offers from a major conference school
 I'd bet that a lot of people told him his plan to drop out of Harvard was crazy. It's almost like a real-life comedy that he turned out to be successful!
 Well he did well for working on that show. He became the highest paid actor for a TV drama ever and earned $700,000 per episode!
 That's incredible. The amount of money that goes into TV shows and movies blows me away. The most expensive comedy film ever made cost $200 million to create!
 Wow, that's a long time ago! It has a 17 week season too.
 Both Lebron and stephen curry were born in Akron. I knew lebron was but not steph. 
 I cannot believe he is the greatest shooter in NBA history!
 He went scoreless in a college game though. They double teamed him. They still won by 30.
 I am a bears fan. He is not paid really well. Only the 5th highest on the team.
 Do you like comedy?  Demetri Martin liked it so much that he left Harvard Law to pursue a career in it.
 I guess it still shows an appreciation for the arts and that we have progressed beyond being hunter gatherers and created civilization.  Do you follow Ryan Stiles at all?  He dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.
 Oh Maybe.  Interestingly, Jim Carrey doesn't do dramas any more.  He has a new belief that prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  I wonder what belief system that is?
 hey do you like the NFL? I never knew it was made up of 32 teams
 ya I will watch, I saw the Superbowl, I didn't knwo that women could theoretically play for the NFL, there is no rule against it
 no I didn't that seems low, also low is their salary, over their lifetime an engineer will make more than a football player
 I do like Tom Brady I think he's a super cool guy, it's weird though have you heard that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback?
 I hope so too. did you know about new orleans cheerleaders not being able to dine in the same restaurant as the players?
 It could have been too so now they want peace of mind about it. did you know in an avergae game there is only 11 minutes og gameplay
 yeah it is crazy, i heard one nfl player turned to teaching to make ends meet
 apparently he is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
 That sounds like most sports though! Did you know there are no rules against women players in the NFL?
 That is why I am more of a soccer fan. Did you know the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than nfl and mlb players?
 I agree, did you know they put chips in their shoulder pads to record every move they make on the field?
 Wow! 12? That's crazy! I wasn't aware of that but I have heard that they actually have "dog blood drives" which I think is cool!
 They do? That's a shocker as I would have thought Google preferred cats. Ha! Seriously, Who can go wrong with a dog though? They perform many roles for us hence why theyre known as man's best friend!
 Ha ha. I could always tell that dogs understood pointing but I recently found out that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing. Very interesting. 
 Elephants too? Wow! Are they the only two animals  that understand pointing or are there more? It's crazy how uniquely attuned to human behavior dogs are!
 So true. Can you believe there's actually an episode where Bart never makes an appearance or is mentioned?
 Did you know there are 12 different blood types for dogs?
 Apparently, they do have blood drives which is really cool.
 For sure. In Istanbul, they have vending machines that dispense water and food for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles.
 For sure. Dogs and elephants are the only animals to understand pointing.
 I guess they might be. Did you know Google prefers dogs to cats and considers themselves a dog company?
 I think so too. Dogs are actually not colorblind. Did you know that?
 I agree. Jupiter has radio storm so strong they can be heard on Earth.
 I have had one almost almost my entire life.  There are 12 different blood types that a dog could have.
 lol That would be so cool to have a pet elephant.  I was surprised to find out that in their code of conduct Google states that they are a dog company.
 That is a high percentage and that is by law. But at least is understandable, imagine if it was in a language like latin
 It is amazing how much water a golf course uses.  Around 312,000 per day!
 Yes, and back in the day, the runner up for the presidental election was automatically placed as vice president
 Well it would definitely be an interesting thing haha. So would the president releasing a pop album though. Kind of like the president of Indonesia haha
 Haha well it's a simple radio that you can make out of a pencil and a razor blade. Don't ask me how to do it though that sounds like it's impossible haha
 Watching Babe Ruth might have been fun. He used to be the most famous golfer in the USA.
 Yes, I believe so. It might have been after his baseball career and I'm not sure how good he was. Samuel I. Jackson thinks golfing is important. He has a clause in his film contracts so that he can play golf twice a week.
 I can't imagine having a lot of money and still wanting to be president. I think I'd rather chill on a beach somewhere. Or maybe be a guest in the president's guest house which is larger than the white house.
 yup spot on, aren't you shocked trump isn't in that list?
 I have read it on occaion, I want to read the Poe book about cyborgs that sounds crazy
 ya fiction is cool even Julius Caesar wrote fiction about hercules
 Yeah cool that they are there. I think it's pretty wild that you can hear some of the radio storms of Jupiter on an AM radio.
 ya that is shocking, also shocking is the radio station that plays the news in latin, theres one station I would tune out of haha
 ya I'm all caught up, I guess the author of it thinks that fan fiction is copyright infringement, I don't agree with him myself
 Are you good at it? It's interesting that the modern game of golf was invented back in 15th century Scotland
 Haha well at least I don't feel so bad, did you know that Babe Ruth was actually an incredible golfer
 Yep that's the same guy. One thing I don't like about golf is how much water it uses, the average golf course uses about 300,000 gallons of water a day
 Yep that's a big waste of water haha. Golf courses actually don't take up that much landfill, all of the golf courses in the United States would make up Delaware and Rhode Island put together
 No I didn't know that. You think that's his real name? It's crazy to me that the White House is actually smaller than the guest house next door to it LOL
 I'm shocked he's not on the list. Actually its JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
 No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that before 1805, the runner-up in the presidential election would become the vice president, talk about awkward
 Hello,  how are you?  Do you like golf?  The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
 Thats crazy!  I like miniature golf but I'm not into regular golf. Golf courses in america make up more land space than rhode island and delaware combined
 Thats makes sense!  I didn't know that either though lol There is a golf course in dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water a day!
 Oh my!!! That's a lot of water! I didn't know this but the military operates 234 golf courses!
 They have a golf course on like every base I think.  Thats a lot of golf!  Samuel l. jackson puts a golf clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production.
 Oh wow, haha that's awesome I bet for him! I think every president we have had plays Golf so it must be relaxing lol it makes me irritated lol!
 definietly,  those sound very relaxing.  did you know The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
 I have heard that, and that is interesting! I wonder why though lol....Interesting that in Guatemala close relatives of former presidents cannot run! 
 The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
 HAHAHA, wow that's awsome I wonder if the albums did well! We have only had 1 president who spoke a foreign language which was FDR...I wonder what he was fluent in.
 I think it was French or German,  Or possibly both.  One of those! 
 Vey interesting and would make sense! 
 Seriously? That's interesting I wonder what changed it....
 Me too,  that would be really awesome.  Although I don't know if Hilary and trump would make a good team lol Its been good talking to you,  have a good one! 
 Central high alumni continued to mourn the passing of their school
 Some board members thought it was time to disband while a few did not disagree and hired a lawyer.
 The youngest surviving alumni are now in their 80s. It's interesting that they still get together.
 I did not. You would think there would be more but I can't immediately recall seeing a QB throw with their left hand. 
 What do you think is the problem we need to address then? They're not talking about illegal drugs, it's about prescription drugs.
 I heard that his guest house is bigger than the White House though.
 Do they? thats crazy, how can 3G signal get up there but it would be cool if he addressed the nation from there.
 I don't know how it works but it's so cool! The current library of Alexandria also has a saved copy of the Internet in case it burns down. 
 sounds like an episode of south park!
 One would surely hope so.  It is amazing that we have coverage even in such a remote location. It would be a shock were we to have to return to the printed word for our information.
 And the first president of zimbabwe was called banana.
 Haha, imagine someone named Doctor banana being the president. I believe that Woodrow was the only president to have a Phd.
 Wow, I imagined that a lot of other presidents would be able to speak a second language fluently.
 The paycheck of being President is 400,000 dollars. I imagined that it would have been more!
 OK. If you like facts, I was surprised that the density of the Earth is 4 times of the Sun, which is surprising and not surprising since the Sun is a ball of gas. 
 there are a ton, I know I watched some as a kid, I could never catch up with over750 episodes now
 huh interesting didn't know that, have you seen thomas the tank? Apparently George Carlin did some voices for it back in the day
 wow yup that sounds like canadian radio isn't very good then haha, Next time I'm driving I want to tune into AM and try to listen to Jupiter's radio storms haha
 yes I am, its very sad that 80% of earths natural forests have been lost at this point
 that is sad, thats needed for certain circuitboards, crazy that the earth started with 6 hour days btw!
 Which really makes me wonder why in 2006 it became OK for US Government Employees to violate The Geneva Convention... Violent acts by Democrats are apparently acceptable. 
 Did you know that in 2008 the norwegian govenment donated $1billion to help save the goventment
 I have played that as well but was a little old to watch the cartoon when it started. For perspective that's about 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight. That's crazy. 
 I wonder how accurate that post was. One thing that's scary about the US government is that they publish the names of anyone who decides to renounce their citizenship
 That's why it's funny to see the government get clowned a little bit. Like once a guy impersonated a government official to sell the Eiffel Tower TWICE!
 I'm glad one has changed. Lincoln was the first to be photographed at his inauguration. The creepy part is that John Wilkes Booth is in the photo
 Oh wow that's interesting, maybe that should be something changed. Did you know Trump is somehow not one of the three wealthiest US presidents ever?
 I bet that was an interesting election campaign
 Everyday. On the way to work, on the way home, and sometimes on my headphones. 
 Yes it is. Do you listen to the radio much. I am a huge sports fan, and I often times listen to the radio instead of tv broadcasts because of the great detail they provide. I am trying to send this message, but for some reason it won't let me send
 The Brewers. Always been a bucket list item of mine to see a Brewers game. 105.3 The Fan for me. Cowboys Radio. The Dallas Cowboys. 
 Ah. ACL injuries are hard to come back from. Had to do it years ago. Feel your pain. 
 Oh yeah. The youngest brother... I forget his name, but it is a great movie. 
 Hi, did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Jefferson and Washington?
 True, I see that the president of Indonesia recorded 3 pop albums while he was president, that's crazy!
 I didn't know that.  It's surprising that the Blair house which is the guest house is bigger than the actual white house!
 Thank you for your information.  Talking about president, FDR was the last US president who spoke a foreign language.
 Really? I didn't know that. I see that the Character "Elmo" actually testified before U.S. Congress, the only non-human to do so!
 I did not know that.  Perhaps congress can declare Elmo as an honorary citizen.
 Yes, that is correct, they both can.  Did you know that the planet Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong, AM radio can pick them up and we can hear them? I wouldn't know would they would actually sound like though.
 Canada requires all radio station to play at least 40% of the music by Canadian artists.
 That is weird, I didn't know that either, I'm learning a lot of new info today! Soldiers in World War II made radios out of razorblades and pencils, dubbing them "The foxhole radio", wow!
 Ya right!  I don't see how that would have been possible to make only using those 2 items!
 I've worked with a few people who got themselves in to trouble on there.  I can't believe that company was valued at $104 billion when they had their IPO in Feb. of 2012.
 I didn't know that!  58?  lol
 Did You know Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005 ?
 Wow, I guess that was a huge loss! Facebook is so big now! Did you know Face book is mostly blue because Zuckerburg has some color blindness? 
 I thought that was pretty interesting! Burger King once had a promotion that if you unfriended 10 people....you would get a free whopper lol...crazy!
 Yes, very good. I like comedy and Drama. They cancelled That 70s Show in the UK lol guess they didn't get the humor.
 But in UK - was it our version of that show, or did they make their own version ?
 Yes I do but not very often. How about you? I feel like I spend more time on it still. So hopefully BK brings back the promo where if I unfriend ten people I get a free Whopper.
 Or make the like button illegal, like it is in one German state.
 Yeah, they could have bought it for $75 million and now it's worth over $104 billion.
 Yeah, it is interesting that FB even allow marijuana advocacy and education in advertising on their site.
 Yeah, and it seems that sometimes brand ads relating to marijuana get shut down unexpectedly on social media. FB and Instagram don't allow promotion of marijuana sales even though they allow information, not connecting to a product for sale. Seems like that's a tricky space to navigate.
 There was one medical cannabis provider that got their account up to 10,000 followers then they were shut down in error on Instagram. Sounds pretty aggravating.
 Yeah that is weird. Do you watch TV?  Any good shows you like?
 Haha yeah seriously!  I know the feeling.  That why we have 2 tvs and we mostly watch shows after kiddos go to bed.  Been goo chatting. 
 Maybe so bud not exactly sure. One thing I do know is that football players didn't always make as much money as they do now. Back in the 60's bowlers made more.
 Wow. Engineers make more now than the average football player now. Crazy, right?
 Yeah that is very surprising. Too many injuries! Former pats running back Green-Ellis never once fumbled-I hope he made a lot!
 He only played 6 years. Seems like a really short career.
 Yeah it does. The highest ever football game score was 222-0. Cumberland is the team that lost and I bet they are still embarrassed about that one.
 Haha I would like to hear that! I also like Drake who wan born in 1986, few years before me!
 Haha what do you like? Drake is quite popular. He spent a ton of money on his UK tour!
 Oh nice. do you like classic cars? It is legal to drive with flamethrowers on your car in South Africa!
 Yeah flame thrower would be sweet. Apparently it is to prevent car jacking which must be very prevalent in South Africa. Have a good day nice chat!
 It's one of the very few kids shows that I could watch. Mine stopped watching when Alec Baldwin took over the narration. He was pretty good too.
 I love watching Bill Nye. I guess he was discovered when he won a Steve Martin look-a-like contest.
 I did. I honestly didn't notice that there were only 50 some colors.
 No I never noticed that either. Interesting too that that system lasted until the year 2003 in Japan
 I can't believe it took them that long to discontinue it. I also can't believe that someone thought Ronald Reagan wasn't right for a role of President, in Hollywood.
 It may be just me but that sounds like way too much Pokemon, I think 20 would suffice.  I wonder what teh length is if played one after the other.
 Oh, it seems very American, I guess it didn't translate very well.  Those Brits have a strange sense of humor, maybe it dates from when they used to get entertainment from watching chicken in Caesars time.
 Not a Nintendo, I think my brother had a Sega.  Games were so basic back then.  My son plays this Fortnite game, it's almost like watching a movie.
 I'm sorry. I just realized I've never done it. Did you know that there 750 episodes of "Pokemon". I was sure it's much shorter. 
 well, 50 episodes for a year, so totally 16 years. It's just difficult to imagine. Were you interested to watch it? 
 Ok. I didn't that there is the only one episode of "The Simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
 Nice. Did you know that New York City area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 Really? I've never lived in NYC. Did you know that cables carrying phone and internet data just lay on the ocean floor?
 Interesting! 
 Yes, we used some organic mole repellent, and I haven't seen the little guy in a while. 
 Probably not.    Even Australian rules football is played worldwide.
 Maybe they had a pink locker room like the University of Iowa!    Enough to drive any coach crazy.
 Perhaps things would be better if they set up a courtroom in the stadium like the Philadelphia Eagles.
 Probably so, although not as much as KISS fans!    I cannot imagine the crowds at the arena football team they purchased a piece of!
 Perhaps so.       Tebow was big in college football, home to 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world!
 True.    Alex Smith received his bachelors degree in two years and began working on a masters before being drafted for the NFL!
 Either that, or like Baker Mayfield, Brady was playing too many video games.
 Thanks!    Remember, the circular huddle was only invented due to a quarterback being deaf!
 No that's crazy. I wonder if his son's high school team paints their vistor;s locker room pink ike the university of Iowa
 lol.  14 of the largest 25 stadiums in the world are college ones though
 Lol, that's crazy. There was a high school football team that continued to play while their science building burned down
 The show must go on I guess.  One high school football stadium in Texas seats 18,000 and it cost $60 million to build.  Wonder what their school taxes are?
 Humungous american flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make.  Crazy stuff.
 Did you know the University of Iowa painted the visiting football team locker room pink?
 I agree. In the 1960's, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 Yep, that was a lifesaver for watching on TV. The highest football score ever was 222-0.
 I like WR and RB. Did you know Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career?
 Amazing!   Kind of like the story of the Junipero Serra High School JV team!
 Yes! The huddle was formed due to a QB who was deaf and didn't want the other team to see the play.
 I agree. I saw that Baker Mayfield once thought about quitting football to play professional gaming.
 I did not know that. The Eagles had a temporary court set up in their stadium for six years due to fans bad behavior.
 I wonder if fans are responsible for burning down the science building during a high school game in 1965.
 I'm not too sure on that one. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
 It makes you wonder why someone like Alex Smith would want to leave college sooner than he has to.  Money, I guess.
 Watching bowling is a bit boring, though I do like to play once in a while. Some fans get too hyped up about their teams. The Eagles football team had a temporary court in their stadium because of the bad behavior of some fans
 Wow, that is awesome. The highest score ever in a football game was in 1916. Georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0
 That's crazy! What might be even more crazy is Tom Brady's jv football team never started him when he was the backup
 Wow, and his team had an incredibly bad season where they didn't even score a touchdown.
 Yea, the coach doesn't sound too smart if he wouldn't change quarterbacks
 You would think if your season was going that bad you would change your strategy!
 So, I guess most quarterbacks are right handed. There is only one left handed one, Kellan Moore, in the NFL
 hmmm that's kinda odd, I would think there was more left handers than just Kellan Moore
 Talking more about quarterbacks, the circular huddle was created by Paul D Hubbard,a  deaf quarterback, so that his signals coudl not be read by the other team
 Ok that is something I never knew! Know any other interesting facts?
 Alex Smith got his bachelor's degree in two years and began working on his master's degree before he was the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
 Yes, it seemed he wanted to be prepared for whatever happened. It's good to have a backup plan.
 I saw that. wow can you imagine sitting in the stands and watching that game. I'm surprised someone didn't stop the game at a certain point because it was getting too embarrassing for the other team. the quarterback could have gone to the locker room and taken a nap and let the kicker throw the ball for a while...LOL
 Might have happened. Some teams just aren't equal Happened here in the upper midwest when a team score 80 some points, but they just kept getting good bounces with third string players.
 Yes i heard about that in the superbowl.Tony Romo was commenting on it and stated that Tom Brady for the New England Patriots sscreamed out "REAGAN" for a play call in the red zone of New England Patriots field position.
 I've never tried Video game football.To me it just doesn't feel right to play on a tv screen. I'd much prefer to play in person with some friends at the local park university field. 
 I couldn't believe the music group KISS bought into an arena football team and had the plan of signing Tim Tebow to a contract. can you imagine what the uniforms would look like? 
 More imaginative than any other current uniforms. Spiked collars!
 Oh, did they? Maybe if they had someone like Benjarvus Green Ellis on their team they would have done better. He hasn't fumbled the football in his nfl career.
 Tom Brady is another great player. Yet, his high school football team refused to start him even though they were having a bad season!
 Yeah, they had failed to win a game or even score a touchdown!
 Yeah, I'll bet. Good thing he didn't give up on football. Speaking of quitting football, Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football so that he could be a competitive gamer.
 Yeah, I think that's neat how football has evolved. It's interesting how in the 60s top bowlers made two times as much as top football stars.
 Oh yeah back in 1965, the science building...must have been hot!
 Yeah he should of lol. Another surprising thing is 14 of the 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams!
 That's crazy. Though, not as crazy as the U of IA's visitor's locker room being pink.
 I didn't. My son is, and could have graduated last year. I think it's insane that ESPN won an emmy for their superimposed yellow line. Must have been a bad year for qualifying content.
 Lol yes true. Kind of a funny thing to win an award for although I think it was pretty useful and changed the way football is watched for sure! Tom Brady wasn't even the starting QB for his high school for the junior varsity team.
 Wow. I guess the Eagles had a temporary court in their stadium, because their fans are incapable of behaving.
 I heard that somewhere, that's amazing. Kind of like the Patriots RB who never fumbled in his career.
 Haha yeah isn't that funny to think. Back in the 60's at least but now times have changed!
 Oh interesting. Yes Kellan Moore is the only one!
 I guess my only opinion is that I was kind of surprised that they were that much of a presence in football. The only thing I heard of was the Army-Navy game. But I guess it makes that the Air Force has a team.
 I like some of the old school guys. They were pretty hard core back then. Supposedly there was a high school team back in '65 that kept playing while their science building was burning down.
 That's amazing. That's much more than I accomplished in high school. Football is so big in HS and college. I even heard 14 of the 25 biggest stadiums in the world are for american college football.
 I guess I just keep it to American football mostly. I heard that Kiss bought an arena football team though, so I guess maybe there's potential for it to keep growing and grab my attention more.
 Haha, that would be really neat. I don't think there is a rule that restricts females from playing.
 The quarterback often is the key player in the game leading the team in offensive plays.  However, for the Junipero Serra High School jv football team they had Tom Brady on the roster and failed to start him and lost every game that year not even getting a touchdown!
 How rowdy do the fans get? I have never attended a live football game but would love to attend one but it's surprising to find out that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams!
 They must have done enough to get the security in.  One team in 1965 kept playing football even while their science building was burning down behind them.  I wonder if anybody was inside of the building?
 I hope not, that sounds dangerous. The huddle used in today's games actually resulted from a deaf quarterback to prevent other teams from reading his hand signals
 That was genius!  Did you know not many quarterbacks are left-handed?  Kellan Moore is the only one in the NFL.
 I'm not sure.  Are you a Kiss fan?  They bought into an arena football team.  Then they offered Tim Tebow a contract.  I hear he is playing baseball 
 I'm not sure, but Baker Mayfield was going to be a gamer and probably wisely chose University of Oklahoma instead.  He could beat anyone in halo 3 he claims.
 Seems like he knows what to do after he retires or is ever injured from playing. Alex Smith as well, he even went on to get a master's degree before being drafted to the NFL
 He was a smart guy.  Passed so many AP tests in high school that Smith.
 Yeah, but even then, top bowlers in 1960s made twice as much as top football stars, I find that a little hard to believe
 I wonder why throwing a ball was so much more attractive than watching kicking and scoring a goal.
 Yes it was 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!
 I agree. It can make it confusing. Did you also know that the Eagles has a court set up in their stadium for six years because of bad behavior from fans? That's insane that they were acting that horribly. 
 He is definitely up there. Did you know that in his time with the Patriots Green-Ellis never fumbled a ball?!
 Well I don't think that they should be held accountable because they are role models but also because treating people with respect should be expected period. Theres a lot of good things about sports too and it's really cool how it is cross cultural. it is super popular in japan. 
 for all 11 minutes of gameplay that ACTUALLY happen in a game...
 i definitely have NOT heard of that.  i also did not know that ESPN won an emmy for their yellow lines representing the first down line which i think is well deserved.  that really helps.
 I agree, of course football has not been what it is today for very long, in the 60's professional bowlers made twice as much money, some how I cant see going to a stadium to watch that and cant imagine wearing a bowlers jersey.
 amazing.  it just shows how things have changed.  i don't know if bowling has decreased in popularity; that really surprises me that they made so much money.  
 There are some people who probably deserve the large salary, there is a Patriots player Benjarvus Green-Ellis that has never fumbled the football for his entire career.  I bet his team is glad to have him.
 i had no idea about green-ellis.  amazing.  he isn't exactly a household name.  
 Some teams are so dedicated, there was one team that continued to play their high school game as part of their campus burned behind them.  I guess that's dedication, or they didn't like school.
 LOL!! they were concentrating so much on the game that they didn't care about the building.  now that is true dedication. or as you say, they just didn't care about the campus.  i don't know if that is funny or sad.
 i seem to remember that KISS did buy into an arena team but i had no idea they tried to recuit tebow.  somehow that mix confuses me...KISS and tim tebow? not exactly a logical match; at least on the surface.  tebow; now there is a guy with an interesting resume.
 I don't know how that would have played out, sometimes things defy logic like the high scool team that failed to win a game who refused to start their backup quarterback, you'll never guess who it was.
 i think it may have been tom brady. now that is truly amazing.  who would ever think that? i believe brady was a real low draft pick selection.  i guess there are many scouts who missed on that one.
 Sure was, Tom Brady, I believe he has won some superbowls even,  some of the players are so smart it would shock you.  
 Alex Smith earned a bachelors in two years, and started his masters before being drafted first in 2005.  Others have a variety of skills, Baker Mayfield apparently almost stopped playing to be a video gamer, that would be something.
 i had no idea.  Smith has been in the NFL quite a long time and got injured late in the year playing for the redskins.
 I can't imagine anyone making a living playing video games but my kid watched you tubers that have tons of money doing just that, maybe even more than he makes playing for the Browns.
 amazing.  making a living playing video games? i dont get it.  how does that work?
 Yes American football is by far my favorite. I watched the Super Bowl this year and saw Tom Brady win another championship. Can't believe he didn't start on his high school team.
 Me too. That's crazy. I don't even think he was drafted. Did you know Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his sons football team?
 Wow that would be really cool to have snoop dog as a dad. Speaking of high school football in 1965 a team played as their science building burned down behind them.
 I agree. That's very interesting. I saw there's a high school stadium in Texas that seats 18,000 people.
 Lol yes it is. Wow that's interesting too. I saw the huge American flags at stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds.
 How do they get them up there? The Phillies football team has such misbehavng fans that they set up a court in the stadium!
 Not too sure how they get them up there. That's funny, but not surprising given it's Philly. They have some very rude fans I hear.
 Yes I would imagine so. In terms of college football, the University of Iowa paints their visiting football teams locker pink.
 That's hilarious. I wonder if that helped them out at all? 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams in the UC.
 Yes college football is definitely popular. Back when Baker Mayfield played at the University of Oklahoma he was a big video gamer.
 My favorite quarterback is Russel Wilson. Alex Smith is also cool though because he's so smart. He got his bachelors degree in two years And then started working on his masters degree.
 He does have a bright future. I did not know that about the huddle. Makes sense though so the other team couldn't see his plays.
 Yes exactly. And football players didn't always make that much money, in the 1960s top bowlers make twice as much. Well I really enjoyed chatting with you.
 well apparently ya if you catch the baseball in your hat then you get 3 bases! haha I never knew that, although personally I don't like baseball I think its really boring
 haha well if you're at a game and drinking thats one thing but ya I can't stay awake watching, what is crazy is that every year the MLB uses almost 200k baseballs in total
 haha! my friend used to live near boys town and ya he would say things get crazy over there! also crazy is the time a 17yo struck out babe ruth and then lou gehrig!
 no I can't ssay that I do, but apparently both basketball and volleyball were invented by the YMCA
 ya I liked it as a kid, but it is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time! 
 ya, they should put shaq in the new one too, I can't believe he only made one 3pt shot in his entire career
 right thats what I thought! I also thought the NFL used tracking chips on the ball but didn't know they also did that with the players!
 That is funny. I love how Iowas locker room for visiting teams is painting in all pink.
 I wonder if that is to intimidate them.  Although I would think it would rile them more.
 Probably! Also funny that 1960s top bowlers made twice what top football stars made.
 I did not know that. The highest score ever in a game was 222 to 0. 
 Interesting that the huddle was made so a deaf quarterback could display his hand signals in private.
 That is pretty convenient. I love that Kiss bought into an Arena football team and offered tim Tebow a contract.
 I love how his highschool team never played him and they lost every game.
 Seriously! Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl?
 Well, I need to get some training to be a good bowler, so no it is. I am a Golden States Warriors fan myself! That is a crazy score. That team must be training every day.
 Maybe. I find it crazy that during a high school game, a science building was burning down. The game did not stop at all. 
 That is interesting. At least he is following his dream to become a coach in football. Nothing is going to stop him.
 I can't say I watch too much football, I do like Tom Brady because he wins all the time though haha. What do you think about ESPN? Apparently they won an Emmy for creating the yellow line that shows first downs on tv broadcasts of football
 Guess you're right. I just wish that we had video cameras back that! What do you think about the Patriots by the way? Do you like BenJarvus Green-Ellis? He's never actually fumble the ball which I think is a great record
 No I didn't, what happened to his leg? All I know is that he was working on his master's degree when he was finally drafted
 Wow that sounds very painful! the word tib fib remind me of Tim Tebow, and actually he was actually offered a contract by an area football team at one point
 Yes that's a good question! Did you hear about the high school football team back in 1965? They kept playing their game even when their science building was burning down at the same time lol
 Yes I wish I could have seen that game! It is talking to me though that out of the 25 largest stadiums in the world, 14 of them are American football stadiums lol you think there would be some soccer stadiums in there
 Never knew that. Who does even play for? The circular huddle he's in today's football was created by a deaf quarterback so the other teams cannot read his hand signals. Kind of a cool legacy.
 Yeah I think so. Huge blow to their team. Anyways he was very smart in high school and he took a ton of AP classes and eventually received his bachelors degree in two years.
 Funny you should ask because it occurred back in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0. How that is possible I don't know.
 Well, no wonder he became a QB and to this very day.
 In addition, another star player is benjarvus gren ellis. Did you know that he never fumbled a football in his entire nfl career? That is amazing
 Oh yea it sure is trickle down economics Sherman being cut was also economics.... 
 Wow that is awesome... Many can and have used to sport to get ahead in life and prove that the dumb jock stereo is false... Like Alex Smith who was working on a Master's Degree.
 Yes that is amazing. That on smart guy for sure!!
 Interesting..... more interesting is how we started with the foot (football) and ending  up talking about the brain..... full contact sport that football is   
 I totally agree there.. who knows what is yet to be discovered
 Hey! Doing good! I love football, especially the Carolina Panthers, that's my team. I think its interesting the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink.
 Very true. I could not imagine continuing to play a football game as my school building burnt down behind me. That would never happen nowadays for obvious safety reasons.  
 You never know, the Eagles use to have a court set up in their stadium for bad fans
 I was thinking the same thing. I can't imagine that contract working out. 
 Oh man! I did not know that. Let's hope he can play again. Did you ever hear of the highest score in a football game?
 Yes, I heard it was 222-0. That probably was fun to watch.
 I know a few of the old time football players in my city used to have offseason jobs,.
 I bet that coach feels silly now. I think that he really landed in the perfect situation in New England to develop his career. I know he was the 199th player drafted when he came out of college.
 He did not play much in college and did not have a lot of good tests at the combine. Shows how much those matter in the end. It was fun talking football with you!
 Interesting how 14 out of 25 of the largest stadiums in the world actually belong to college football teams. 
 Yeah, I have never heard of cumberland so that loss may have been so bad, they disbanded the team after it.
 Yeah I was sad about that too. Did you know the circular huddle was invented by a deaf QB?
 Terrible cheerleading rule! And yes they definitely would have won that game. Did you know the biggest defeat in a game ever was when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0!?
 Yeah I would feel terrible too. Not even fun anymore! Even back in the 1960's football players made less than pro bowlers if you can fathom it.
 ya I liked the Patriots winning the superbowl personally, and they have a player who has apparently never fumbled a football in his whole career
 can't say that I have, but I know the highest college football score of all time was 222-0 haha
 yup the gaem was between georgia tech and cumberland, definitely sucked to be a cumberland fan that day haha
 no I don't think so, I know I'd leave the stadium, I'd also leave if I came in and my locker room was pink like aat iowa university haha
 haha thats true, I watched the superbowl on tv and it's crazy ESPN won an Emmy for creating that yellow first down line on tv
 oh interesting I didn't know that, also didn't know that bowlers were paid a ton of money back in the 60's, more than football players
 nope lots of players are super talented, like I guess Baker Mayfield also quit football to play videogames full time
 wow that is crazy, were you aware the football huddle was created by a deaf man?
 ya, he would do it to block the other team from seeing his hand signs
 I was thinking that ya, I think his name is Kellan Moore
 Yea, it's crazy that 14 of the world's largest stadiums are for college football team instead of pro teams
 HA! I think they got out smarted by Belichick. I dont think the rams coach had much of a shot on that one...
 Yeah. I am just baffled by it. I know neither are the best.
 No, but I'm clearly in the minority. 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are for college football!
 Same! I didn't know that the highest scored game ever was a college game over 100 years ago !!!
 The game last night was pretty disparate. I don't know too much about football, but apparently the Pats are amazing even without RB BenJarvus Green-Ellis
 I didn't watch it either, but I looked up the results. Wait...a building burning down behind you? Huh? Has that happened?!
 No! In 1965, a high school team kept playing even when their building was  burning down behind them! so crazy
 It's cool that espn won an emmy for putting a yellow line, i don't know much about football but that's cool
 very low... haha 
 Lol really? I didn't know that. 
 I don't know why or how I remember those things, I find trivial things like that fascinating and they stick in my brain.
 Not sure where you are geographically, but the bad behavior by Philly sports fans is legendary.  They boo'd Santa Claus!  So, the fact that they have a court and jail in their stadium is not surprising at all!
 hey, I do watch football, did you know Kellan moore is the only Left Handed quarterback in the NFL
 no that is really smart though, I also didn't know that snoop dog wrote a fight song for his sons football team haha
 ya he seems very smart, did you hear that the highest paid person in the DOD is actually the football coaches, that seems strange
 No I don't, what makes him special? I do know that 14/25 of the biggest stadiums are all american football stadiums though
 ah thats interesting, well I think he made the right choice, what isn't the right choice is the Texas high school football stadium, apparently it cost 60 million dollars somehow
 ah that makes sense, I heard they get rowdy, did you know only 2 black quarterbacks have ever won the superbowl?
 that is really weird, do you like the band Motorhead? I guess they sponsored a boys football team which is cool
 haha I din't know that I love kiss! did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the whole NFL?
 I heard about that he is amazing! and yes the left handed quarterback is Kellan Moore
 do I take it you like country music? I guess the fender stratocaster was invented for country music apparently
 well you can thank Henry Ford, apparently he financed country music to stop jazz music from becoming popular
 no I didn't know that, I do like amazon stufff, I guess african americans only make up 2 of the people in the country music hall of fame
 haha good question, do you follow politics at all? apparently trump wouldn't be one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents in a list
 I read that.   JFK, Washington and Jefferson are the wealthiest, although probably not on an absolute basis.
 Well, I would like to visit the guest house, which is larger than the White House!
 I would guess it was probably just a nickname.    Did you know that in the early days the runner up for president became VP!
 I did know that, what is wild is if we still had that rule, president trump and VP hillary, talk about drama!
 ya I didn't know that, but hillbilly music sounds more interesting to me than the Finnish radio station that broadcasts everything in classic latin still haha
 I would never have guessed that. Bezos is the wealthiest man in the world, but Strait probably does all right for himself money wise. Country is pretty popular.
 do you follow politics? I guess Trump wouldn't be considered one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents, it must be adjusted for inflation
 yes I thought so too, also crazy is that the presidents guest house is larger than the white house itself
 What's even crazier is the VP used to be the election loser. So today, that would mean Hillary as Trump's VP. Not sure that would work.
 Go figure. And in 1805 the runner up became the vice president automatically. How things have changed
 You never know with these things. On the fun part, U2 opened for themselves during a show but it was them disguised as the dalton brothers from galverton, texas
 True. There are only apparently african americans who have made it to the country music hall of fame.
 I don't know much about the hall of fame. But, I know that you have to have connections in a big industry to do well. Did you know that George Strait and Jeff Bezos are actually cousins?
 No, that is cool. what a small world. Henry Ford on the other hand must have loved country music too much to finance it out of fear of jazz taking over.
 His fear seems rather silly. Apparently he just thought is was too raunchy or street or something. Nowadays it's considered classy.
 Yes he is a legend he was hilarious in both zombieland and in ghostbusters whats your favorite film he has acted in?
 I do! I wish I could buy some vintage Apple clother from the 80's, they had their own line!
 haha ya, do you ever tailor your clothes? I'll have to keep an eye out for people who have collar gaps to tell if they were tailored
 I think it was because the clothes were from unclaimed baggage, that woudl suck to see your own shirt for sale there!
 yes! I was thinking the list must be adjusted for inflation and I don't know how trump isnt in there 
  Yes the pres of Zimbabwe.
 that is shocking! I'm just glad we don't have the old president rules where the runner up becomes VP, can you imagine the chaos?
 I have seen them in museums! crazy that due to them thats how New York got its area code of 212
 yup exactly, also interesting is that a current iphone has more cpu power than the nuclear deterrent of the entire USA!
 morals are important in a leader its important to be ethical its interesting to learn he isnt considered one of the richest presidents in history
 that is surprising! he also did not have the popular vote. Only 5 presidents have done that.
 Communication is of utmost importance. Cell phones have actually been around since the 30's. Surprising it took so long to be household tools.
 People get creative with clothes. For example, wearing layers to the airport to avoid paying for luggage.
 I'm short so I have to find stuff in the kids section at times so I understand. I did read those that the Greeks made asbestos clothing.
 The asbestos clothing was as valuable as gold. I didnt know they wore colorful clothing
 They only wore black for special occasions.
 Wow history would make us think differently. Want to hear something funny. A man wore 70 pieces of clothing to avoid baggage claim
 Was it Joey from Friends? There's a store in alabama that only sells items found in baggage claim.
 Not sure. I bet that store makes good money doing that. People used to do their laundry in old faithful
 I do. Although I rarely use it as a phone.
 Same here and I read there is almost no correlation to phone connection quality and bars of service.
 That's nuts. Have we been told a lie all our lives?
 Probably. In 1930 actress helped invent the cellphone
 An iPhone has more computing power than a nuclear missile. Not sure I trust that missile anymore...
 That's scary. Dolphins will talk to each other over the phone and know what dolphin they are talking to.
 Yeah, thats cool. I love watching movies about dance and that is how I learned that Tupac was in ballet in high school. He was in the Nutcracker. 
 I do too! I went to Canada last year and found out that the law states that at least 40% of the music played in Canada be Canadian music!
 Yeah, hilarious stuff. I watched the Simpsons a lot last summer too. Did you know only one episode does not mention Bart nor does he appear on the episode.
 Yes I did know that. Boy that voice actor must get allot of royalties. 
 That is a fun way to hear the guys like Ringo Star today.
 hey did you know that Pilgrims actually wore colorful cloths?
 I know right! that black outfit was actually what they wore only fore special occasions
 That's mentally changed a lot of images for the Pilgrims I have had. Now I'm afraid I'm thinking of them in clothes possibly too colorful.
 yup if you look for collar gaps in your clothes you will be able to tell if they were tailored or not
 ya I have tailored suits too, and apparently clothes can be made of animal skin, textiles, or other thin materials, all my clothes are just textiles
 ya me too, whats scary is that our cell phones have more cpu power than the nuclear deterrent system of the USA
 I guess if it isn't broke, don't fix it. It was fun chatting with you!
 Wow that is fascinating! Did you know soldiers in wwii made simple radios with just a razorblade and pencil? I wonder how that worked
 Wow! What is that, like 50 episodes a year for over 15 years?
 Many Mexicans are showering the migrants with gifts, clothes, and food. I know the migrants appreciated it. 
 Yes, that what Salvador comments 
 Did you know that The telephone cables carrying phone in internet data lay on the ocean floor?
 That is so interesting to me! I guess I never really thought about how the telephone and connection would work across oceans.
 Me neither.  I don't know how they planned the depths and got it accomplished 
 it is amazing though that it all started with telephone and progressed to internet under the ocean
 It really is, then you have cellphones, like the iphone, that have more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent. 
 Interesting as well that the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.  Almost like our actor president Reagan with talents.
 That is really cool! I didn't know that Reagan was an actor until we were discussing him the other night at dinner!
 Yeah, I was shocked to find that out! That is interesting, I could see jfk having money, but not the other two!
 Did you know that the american team has never placed below 3rd place since the 1st women's cup in 1991? With a stat like that I'm surprised it hasn't become more popular in the US
 That's nuts because bowling isn't that popular!  I love the yellow line when watching football games, but I'm not sure it's worthy of an emmy for ESPN!
 I do not use it either to watch on phone, but I am on it occasionally for social media platforms. I am not a fan of an Iphone though.  
 That's cool to know! I think it's mindboggling that our data from our phones travels through wires on the ocean floor!
 Did you know the city that is set to host the 2022 Qatar World Cup still does not exist?
 What?! I had no idea. I know that it was set for Qatar but I was assuming it was in an existing city. 
 Pretty crazy they don't even have the city yet. Did you know the Hungary national football team only had one defeat in 6 years and that was in the World Cup final.
 I wouldn't think so either. The US got third place in the first ever World Cup back in 1930.
 I did not know that. Did you know there are no economic gains for the countries that host the Olympics or World Cup? 
 New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I feel like I have but I was very young. Did you know that the cables that carry our phone and internet data across oceans is only 2.7 inches around?!
 Wow that's interesting. I'm surprised they don't get severed more often.
 I would think it would corrode everything too!
 Did you also know that an iPhone has more computer power than the whole United States nuclear ICBM deterrent?!
 There are a lot of Sha la las in it so I guess it is like the stadium that always sings Sweet Caroline. The crowd gets into it.   
 Ha! Did you know that Neil Sadaka and his partner originally wrote the song? It was something about the way to Pensicola and got changed to Amarillo.
 So true. As a soccer fan, did you know that the Hungary national soccer team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956 and it was the world cup final?
 If we don't get a team together it could be very embarassing! I read that the city hosting the 2022 world cup does not exist yet? qatar fifa?
 That's super extreme. It's also extreme that players get paid as much as they do and only play 11 minutes per game at the most!
 They would... I knew Brady was a righty, but didn't know there is only 1 left handed quarterback in the NFL. I thought there would at least be a few.
 Did you know the huddle started with a deaf quarterback, Paul Hubbard, not wanting other teams to see his hand signals? Crazy since hand signals are used all the time now out in the open!
 I agree. Crazy that he has 21 wins!
 I can not imagine how much money they must have saved.
 Thats cool,  I have never seen a woman in the nfl lol 
 yeah seriously!  3 hours to get through 11 minutes, thats insane. 
 Interesting. Well, the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of gameplay. 
 I think that is wild, considering how long the games actually last! I'm actually a fan of Baker Mayfield. Are you?
 No that's insane he'd consider playing Halo 3 professionally instead of football
 Yea it's insane how dangerous an nfl game is when it averages only 11 minutes of live gameplay
 It's pretty crazy how Bilichick has 21 post season win with the patriots and browns
 I think so too. I adore Baker Mayfield though. I cannot believe he thought about giving up football, and becoming a professional gamer.
 Is that on t.v.? Because it sure seems long with all of the replays. I'm a lefty, and think it's odd that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback.
 Is he really? That is odd, and yeah the rest is all the play calling, moving chains, etc. 
 That is really impressive.  I'm sure i'll watch, I've been an NFL fan since I was young. 
 Did you know they use tracking chips that are in players shoulder pads to record players moves on the field
 On that note, matt patricia is the only rocket scientist in the nfl.  He was an aeronautical engineer 
 New England Patriot Vollmer is the first german citizen who was drafted into the nfl
 Wow, not my favorite teams, but impressive.
 Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl surpisingly
 One smart guy.  Did you hear that the Jackson's "victory tour" played a major role in robert kraft buying sullivan stadium and the new england patriots
 Go Eagles!
 It is a good point, I never thought about that, that it is why there are so many chips in their equipment too, to monitor concussions. 
 Yep you're right. Related to the Patriots though, do you ever watch Game of Thrones? Apparently the author of Game of Thrones best at the Patriots are like the Lannisters of the NFL, the Lannisters are the bad guy in that show so that is a pretty crazy thing to say haha
 Yes he is! hes so awesome, what do you think about the NFL though in general? It's crazy that there are 32 teams and they are divided into two divisions, I wonder why they do it that way
 That makes sense. What do you think about the fact that there is no rule against female players in the NFL? Do you think we will ever see a female player or even a kicker perhaps
 No I didn't know that. I wonder if that is an advantage or disadvantage though. I also didn't know that the NFL put Strack & Chips in the player's shoulder pads. And also in the balls. They can tell the balls location direction and rotation speeds
 Haha yes I agree. I think it's crazy that he was really good at Halo 3 because I was also really good back in college LOL I would have liked to have played him
 No I didn't know that but it's very smart actually. very smart just like Alex Smith who was working on his master's degree before he was finally drafted into the NFL
 Yes that was very smart of him. Nice chat
 Really? I did not know that.. I thought they were still banned.. 
 I think they resent his success. Plus NE Patriots have been caught doing some suspicious stuff. The NFL has only one left-handed QB. A bit surprised by that.
 This seems kind of unrelated, but did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat at the same restaurant as any NFL players? They are even required to leave the restaurant if a NFL player comes in!
 No I did not know that, that is really interesting. Back to Russell Wilson he is one of the two only African-Americans quarterbacks that have won the Super bowl.
 Did you know that women aren't actually not allowed to play in the NFL? There is actually no rule against them playing! They would be allowed in if they could meet the league's pretty difficult eligibility requirements.
 I am, what about you? Patrick Mahomes might be the best player ever?
 For sure, he is so fun to watch. He came back from Denver and that 10 point difference which is pretty nuts.
 If I remember it correctly, the time on the clock was more important to preserve than the six points given up on the TD.   Still a gutsy move.
 That's really cool!  There is always something like that which surprises me.  For example, I just recently read that Baker Mayfield almost became a full-time competitive gamer rather than a football player.
 Not a clue!  A bit barbaric if you ask me!  Do you like football?  Amazing any of us really like football being there is only 11 minutes of actual game play!
 Yes,  I watch some.  yeah it takes like 3-4 hours for the whole game only to see 11 min of game play lol Too much to keep up with though,  so many fouls,  time outs,  breaks...
 Yeah that is true... and too many commercials!  I like Quarterbacks, but i don't like tom brady.  See he was on the bench a whole season and the coach never put him despite the team not winning a game or even scoring a point!  Crazy!
 Nooooo...I don't like him because I believe he's on a team that cheats!  Speaking of QBs... I can't believe there is only one left handed QB in the NFL and it's Kellan moore!
 I never heard of him what team is he on? The Patriots cheat?  How?  Sorry I am not up to date on football knowledge.  
 I meant what team is Kellan Moore on.  Oh wow,  that is crazy I had no idea,  that is scandalous! 
 George rr Martin calls the patriots the Lannisters of football lol 
 No clue what that is.  I do not watch the game of thrones.  The head coach of the Patriots first started with the Cleveland Browns
 That is interesting. The patriots are tied with the Bills for super bowl losses.  You dont watch Game Of thrones?  Omg. 
 Right,  are the Patriots in the Super bowl this year?  That is coming up next weekend I think. 
 yup seems like it.  Who are they playing against next sunday?
 I see,  are they a good team?
 Theres a guy who used to play for the Patriots,  Benjarvus Ellis- Green I think his name is,  he never fumbled the ball in his career!
 Yep.  He's a dude even though the NFL has no rule against women playing.  Sorry Drew...
 Yeah, it's nothing like baseball pitchers... Funny, the Bills have tied the Pats in Superbowl losses. 
 Did ya know the circular huddle originated because the QB was deaf?  I thought it was to facilitate communication (verbal). 
 Yes, he was also a genius, he almost got his master's degree before he started playing football
 Really good point! Did you ever play as Baker Mayfield? Apparently he was really good at Halo 3, maybe he's even better in video games when you play as him LOL
 Yes I used to play it a lot too. Can you believe that the average NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes of Life gameplay, that seems so short
 Yes that is crazy! Also crazy that females might play for the NFL someday, they just have to be good enough to do so because there's no rule against it
 Haha I do like them. I actually really like Tom Brady, it's funny that the author of Game of Thrones says that the Patriots are like the Lannisters, the Lannisters in Game of Thrones are the Bad Guys by the way LOL
 Most definitely! Did you know that the actual play time of an NFL is only 11 minutes?
 What the heck do they do for the other time? There's no rule against females playing!
 I didn't know that, I'm surprised a woman has not played then. Did you know that the circular huddle originated with a deaf QB. Who used the formation to block his hand signals?
 I was going to say, lol. That's because they don't play for long...usually. Giselle makes double Tom's salary. I'll take some of their money. 
 Lol. Did you know that the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads and in the balls?
 Huh... Alex smith entered the university of utah as a junior because he took so many AP classes. Wow!
 Wow. Baker Mayfield considered quitting football to be a full time competitive gamer. 
 Did you know in Superbowl 46 the Giants were trying to avoid scoring a touchdown to adjust their odds of winning? and they involuntarily scored a touchdown and won.
 Well we definitely need more runners that is for sure. I have heard that the Pats are like the lannisters of the NFL
 Yeah they are amazing on defense. I saw a statistic that said inside their 20 they stop the opponent from scoring over half the time.
 He hasn't won twenty but I know he has 5 with the Patriots. I just read that the NFL uses tracking chip in footballs to track velocity, speed etc
 My mistake, I have not heard that but it kinda seems cool. They could learn a lot from a chip like that.
 Yes they also use chips embedded in the players shoulder pads to record their every move. 
 Interesting, Imagine what kind of technology they will be implementing over the next 30 years into the sport? It will be very exciting!
 Well maybe we will be more than eleven or so minutes of live game play in the future as well.
 Ha!  I have never heard that term but I am sure that the "butt fumble" didn't help him get the job.
 I am certain it didn't. Imagine that a NFL game only has about 11 minutes of game play and yet the games are on for hours. Must be why I never wanted to watch. 
 I don't have the patience!  I am guessing that the reason he got the job was because he knew so many of the current coaches for the Redskins
 No the body may heal a bit but it is changed forever. Isn't it odd that the cheerleaders of the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in?  
 That is very strange.  I think that the Redskins did the best they could signing Sanchez in a bad situation.  I now know more than I ever have about football.
 I am a huge NFL fan, how about you?I was mad the Patriots won the superbowl this year. I love the NFL because it is the highest professional level of football in the world!
 Oh nice. Yeah the Lannisters are the ones who hold power and always want control and power. The Patriots coach, Bill Belichick is the most winningest coach in the nfl post season with 21 wins. Quite respectable.
 Yea there was! That was a huge scandal. They did get put on some probation for that but that's about it. Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
 I wonder if it makes a difference.  I know in some sports being left handed can be a advantage.  It's funny that Tom Brady couldn't make his high school at times.
 Yeah thats a good point. Yes that is hard to believe-now he is considered the greatest of all time. That shows that natural abilities aren't everything! Apparently the football huddle was created by a deaf quarterback. pretty interesting.
 I wasn't aware that Belichick had coached the Browns.  That was a long time ago, Cleveland winning a playoff game.
 Oh yeah I didn't know that either. They have had a tough go thats for sure. Their last playoff win was back in 1995-wow!
 Yeah good question I'm not sure. Yes there are definitely differences with the CFL not sure what exactly though. I know the Rock (Dwayne Johnson) was actually cut from the CFL before he started wrestling!
 I do enjoy it a lot! In fact, I love the Patriots. Crazy to think the Patriots are equal to the Bills, at least in Super Bowl losses!
 Is that so? Wonder why a female player has never been picked up by a team then? 
 I am! The guy has to be a genius considering he entered college as a junior.  I had never heard of anyone else doing that before! 
 Yes he is very intelligent. He was working on his Master's already when he was drafted!
 That is amazing. You know what else I find amazing? Kellan Moore is actually the only left handed QB in the league. That's very hard for me to believe but it's true!
 HAHA that' hilarious. I wonder how that worked? Maybe a tipped pass and he caught it.
 I think so too lol. Did you know the NFL has no written rules against women playing?
 I bet it will happen eventually. They will probably take of the kicker position for starters.
 Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of life gameplay?
 Only 11 minutes wow, where does all the time of the other 3 quarters go!
 I think it's huddle time for the most part. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is actually higher than the average earnings of an NFL player.
 Yes, they make a lot of money. They probably do. I heard they track velocity, ball speed, rotation, and other things.
 I think it is crazy that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 I also did not know that the nfl has no written rule against female players.
 That would be interesting. Did you know engineers have a higher average life long earning?
 Not as long as head coaches, Bill Belichick has been coaching so long he was the last head coach of the Browns to win a playoff game
 I find it funny Tom Brady's jv football team never started him despite not winning a game
 I wonder how he improved so much.
 hello,  I dont watch much football anymore.  But I like the 49ers.  although,  they havent been good in awhile lol 
 did you know the nfl has no rule against female players, women can basically play football. 
 I have no idea lol Did you know the new orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden to eat at the same restaurant as the players.  crazy. 
 In high school during your days, were girls allowed to play football? That is sad. They should allow the cheerleaders to eat with the players.
 Did you know the nfl uses tracking chips embedded in the players football pads. 
 cool.  Did you know the author of game of thrones says that the patriots are the lannisters of football lol 
 Oh really?  Its a great show.  
 Its on HBO,  you should try n watch it,  it is fantastic.  This april they are releasing the final season.  Perfect time to binge watch it. 
 Well,  they have already announced it is the last season though.  It has been confirmed.  I think they are doing a spin off show though,  I hope the spin off is of one of the families in game of thrones. 
 I am not sure what you mean about surprises from other series.  It is not at all a game show,  it is about different families/ houses trying to be king,  or get on the throne and the journey they take to get there.  But its awesome,  with dragons and white walkers and dire wolves.  its a very complex story line. 
 its been good chatting. 
 Its true. Although, the New Orleans Saints seem like the least likely team to offer such a program. Their cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if an NFL player comes in.
 It's pretty shocking. What is also shocking is there is only 11 minutes of live game play.
 A lot of breaks, time outs, huddles, planning. Maybe that is why the lifetime engineer is higher than an average NFL player. They definitely work a lot more.
 Well I learned the huddle was created by a deaf player so the other team could not read his signals.
 Interesting. I guess they can't have anyone know the game plan. It seems like quarterback is the most successful position to play but a QB from University of Oklahoma considered quitting to be a professional gamer.
 That is! Well thanks for chatting.I learned a lot of new information about football.
 I am familiar with him, but I also follow football and the NFL pretty closely.  Do you know what college he attended?
 Blake attended the University of Central Florida (usually called "UCF").  He was actually picked third in the draft he came out of!
 Yes, well I just thought I would get your opinion, but that over with now, what do you think about women in the NFL?
 Yes that's true, but I still think playing time over 11 minutes, It take me about eleven minutes just to have a nice meal at my table. Eleven minutes isn't any time at all.
 The last few seasons have certainly been fun for you, 3 straight Super Bowl appearances is a big deal.
 Yes, I agree.  It says Foles was the first Quarterback in NFL history with completions of more than 40 yards in three different receivers in a postseason game.
 Wow, no I didn't know that. That is so interesting considering the games last about 3 hours on average. Also, did you know that there is no written rule against women players?  All they would have to do is meet eligibility standards.
 I cannot. That is so strange that the cheerleader has to leave even if they are already there.  Did you know the circular huddle in the NFL was first created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback?  It was so the other team could not read his hand signals!
 I would like to do that as well!  I have only been to Jacksonville staduium and Tennessee Titan Stadium.  Did you know Buffalo Bills are tied with New England Patriots with number of Superbowl losses?
 Wow. That is crazy!  The Cleveland Browns last playoff win was in 1995 and it was against the NE patriots.  The coach of Cleveland at the time... Current NE coach Bill Belichick.  How ironic!  Sports is like naturally created drama.
 Can you believe that there is only actually 11 minutes of live gameplay, for a game that last for hours?
 They do take quite a beating physically in the game.  Speaking of cheerleaders, the New Orleans Saints are not allowed to eat in the same restaurants as the players.  That seems silly to me.
 I don't know.  Maybe they should try out to be players.  Technically women aren't banned from being an NFL player if they can meet the standards. 
 That is true.  Did you know there is only 1 lefthanded quarterback in the whole NFL?
 Yeah, I think so.  And what is really cool is that there was a quarterback who was deaf.  
 I have heard that, and Fitzpatrick went to Harvard!
 I did not know that.  Anyway, I've got to run.  It  was nice chatting with you.
 Oh it's a multi-faceted business for sure. During an entire game they only have 11 minutes of actual live gameplay on average. 
 It would be very interesting. I also wonder why they rely on reviews only for calls if they are able to track them like that?
 That would also be nice. I find it surprising that the lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than that of the average football player. 
 21 games wow, that is an impressive record, thats like almost every game right? 
 Only 11 minutes! woah that is crazy, it seems like a lot longer, I guess the game is mostly ads. 
 When I get time I watch a game or two.  Those cheerleaders can be a bit distracting.  Apparently the Saints think so too since cheerleaders and players can't even be in the same restaurant, which seems kind of extreme.
 Nope I don't know if we'll see that. Maybe a kicker or something would be possible. do you know any engineer's? Apparently an engineer will make more than an NFL player on average over their lifetime
 Nope I agree. I like people who win haha. And I guess the Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots, in Super Bowl losses, that's kind of sad but you know not everyone can have Tom Brady on their team haha
 Yeah definitely is. Do you watch Game of Thrones by the way? Author of Game of Thrones says that the Patriots would be the Lannisters in that show. The Lannisters are definitely the bad guys in the show haha
 It can be a difficult sport to follow, Kellen Moore is the only lefty left in the league, but I think he just left.
 That probably makes a lot of sense, everyone is all messed up then. I wonder if there'll ever be a female NFL player, no rules against it.
 That is very true. Guess what the one super bowl stat that the bills and patriots are tied for.
 For sure, it'd be tough to be a Bills fan in the early 90s, have you seen that documentary by chance ?
 It was like the Three Falls of Buffalo or something, should really check it out. Got to be hard to be on the Bills then for sure.
 Yes they do. They can track your position velocity and other things. They even have chips that are tracking the footballs themselves. I just hope that they don't track the players off the field
 I agree with you. One thing that hasn't changed is how much life gameplay is in a game though. on average there's only about 11 minutes of it. That seems so low
 Are you an engineer by chance? If you are then you actually make more over your lifetime than an NFL or MLB player, that's kind of crazy
 Yeah that is weird. I wonder why they do that? Do you like the Buffalo Bills? They are equivalent to the New York Patriots, in terms of Super Bowl losses LOL
 I agree. Did you know that the New England Patriots have either won or lost the super bowl by 3 or 4 points with Tom Brady on their team?
 That is surprising.  I would think there would be a few more.
 That is what I thought too. Furthermore, only two African American quarterbacks won the superbowl!
 Did you know that the NFL uses tracking chips under the athletes jersey to keep track of their stats?
 Hello how are you doing?  Did you know The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
 That's really fast!  The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
 Also, suprisingly the NFL using tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and in footballs to track speed velocity and location
 That makes sense,  for strategies and statistics.  
 That's so weird considering that its like 3-4 hours long lol
 Thats awesome.  Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
 Speaking of football, the Browns' last playoff win was in 1995 against the Patriots.  Long time ago.  But Bill Belichick was coaching the Browns at that time.
 lol nice!  New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
 Buffalo bills are equal to the new england patriots ... in super bowl losses
 The author of game of thrones called the Patriots lannisters of the nfl
 Haha.  Near the end of super bowl 46, the new england patriots let the new york giants score a touchdown, and the giants tried to avoid scoring a touchdown, both to increase their odds of winning. the giants involuntarily scored a touchdown but won anyway.
 That's a strange strategy! The Patriots only joined the NFL in 1970 after the merger of the two league
 Thats interesting!
 I'm a Vikings fan, how about you?
 They at least have Baker Mayfield now. I'm glad he chose football over video games!
 Yeah... why would anyone choose video games over such a lucrative career like football?
 No I wish! I see they track players every move on the field and something with the ball?
 I'm sure it would be hard to do so but maybe! I still can't believe that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in NFL games!
 Hahahaaaa... i know right!  Us as fans sit around for 3 plus hours for a lousy 11 minutes of gameplay... we must be crazy or obsessed?
 Yeah... that is just so hard to believe quite honestly?
 Me too. I wonder if we'll ever see a woman tryout for the NFL?
 Me too! I'm going to go look into some more in the NFL. It was nice chatting with you have a good night!
 Right. I was surprised to learn that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an average nfl and mlb player. I always assumed they made a ton of money.
 Who knows. As bad as that is, there is actually no rule against female players in the nfl. Pretty surprising.
 Hey, don't mess with my Patriots and my man the GOAT, Tom Brady!  They always seem to pull out the win, somehow!
 Cool, he got kind of a bad rap off the field, but he was a good quarterback.  Getting back to my man, Tom Brady.  Do you know his JV high school team never won a game or scored a touchdown, but didn't even try to put him in?  I bet that coach feels foolish, now?
 Oh yeah. Love chicken wings! It's just hard to believe there are only about 11 minutes of live game play in a typical game.
 Yes, that is insane! I can not believe that as long as women can meet eligibility requirements they can play. 
 I bet all the tracking in football really helps make better game plays. Maybe it even help with player salaries. I know they are high, but an engineer earns more over a lifetime than an NFL player.
 im not really into the nfl but it seems like quarterbacks are really the stars of a team 
 i agree, especially since the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!!
 Yeah, they have already done that.  Did you know that tracking chips used to tract the players on field 
 Exactly.  Do you know that one of the football coaches is a rocket scientist
 No way, which football coach is that? I know Alex Smith got his bachelor's in TWO years
 I think he must like the sport because the average earning of an engineer is higher than that of an nfl and mlb player!!
 Oh, he does? I did not know that! Who are the others?
 Well, I'm not surprised at all. Did you know that in the US until 1805, the runner up in a Presidential election automatically became VP? Can you imagine?
 I sure don't think they would all get along very well, but it could make for an interesting show, that's for sure!
 They call him President Banana!!
 He was a very talented man indeed! Can you believe that comics have some origins in 18th century Japan?
 I bet people miss that. The first modern comic book Famous Funnies was released in the US in 1933.
 I know I listen every day. I heard they made the radios with a razor blade and pencil.
 Yes the pencil was the diode. Really clever when you think about it.
 No I did not! I'll have to check that out and download some for long car trips. Excellent it's free.
 Yes you can pick them up at home. I believe it's due to Jupiters massive size it has a huge electromagnetic field.
 I'm surprised that an am radio can pick up the storms. 
 Yes they have to play Canadian music. Finally we have an explanation as to why Nickelback is popular lol!
 I know, Its in his book, he likes Joy, peak performance and avocado ice cream! Who knew? Thinking he must be allergic or something? 
 Really, that was smart!! Tom is the first and only quarterback to reach 200 reg season wins!
 I agree, I heard about these players are very good and gaming!! Did you know that in the 60's the top bowlers made twice as much as top football players?
 Ahh yes I agree. I saw the NFL has no written rule against women playing in the league.
 I agree. I could see a woman being a kicker or something like that in the future.
 I think so too. The average NFL game is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
 Yea I'm shocked. An engineer makes on average more than an average NFL player over the course of their lifetime.
 I agree. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in player shoulder pads too.
 Says they track ball speed, location, rotation, and velocity.
 I heard his wife makes more than he does. I can't imagine that.
 Good morning. Do you watch football? Did you hear about Kurt Warner wanting to come back
 26 touchdown passes his last year is incredible
 Yeah he realized that he wasn't in his prime anymore and announced his retirement.
 Yeah definitely not the youngest anymore. Did you know the NFL has 32 teams
 There is no written rule against females players. They could play if they met the requirements.
 That's true. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of live game play
 Yep. And the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are more than a football player 
 I didn't know that. Do you know why? Did you know kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL?
 I think its to have a better knowledge of the game the football also has a tracking chip, and I did not know that.
 Thats an interesting fact, might use it on Sunday for the Superbowl lol, The Junipero Serra High School had the best Quarterback, a hall of famer, and they never used him!
 Do you like Tome Brady? I read he has never eaten a strawberry in his life.
 If he's allergic, I wonder how he found out? He threw a record 50 TD passes
 Wow thats a lot, thats double than what Kirt Warner did at the end of his carreer.
 I did know that. I find it refreshing that they are not sexist but question the american stomach for a female playing against those large men. There is only 11 minutes of playing time.
 There's that NFL sexism! At least there is no sexism or glass ceiling in the Brady house. His wife makes double what he makes....
 I heard that, but that is hard to believe, because 11 minutes is too short of time to be divide into four quarters.
 No, I didn't hear about the rules, do you know what is the rule? Is this a new rule?
 I am not sure, is he a coach or a player, I don't know I am just guessing.
 Oh yeah? What's that?
 Wow! I heard he's never eaten a strawberry in his life!
 After never having thrown more than 30 before that season!
 That's a good strategy on Bill Belichick's part. 
 He's started 16 seasons
 Wow. Brady is considered to be the biggest "steal" in the history of the NFL Draft.
 Cousins signed an $84 million guaranteed deal with the Vikings.
 I didn't know that. Take care!
 Hello. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?
 I thought it was more that one left handed quarterback other than Kellan moore
 I love Tom Brady. His wife makes double his salary.
 I am that good. circular huddle used in todays american football was made by a deaf quarterback. That is cool
 That is insane! He must be an amazing QB. Do you know his name?
 Eagles Wentz though is really a great player ranking above Smith.  Brady, Brees, and Roethlisberger are still top of the game.  Cousins makes a heck of a lot of money at $84 million though.
 After throwing as much as 4000 yards in 3 seasons, he's made quite an impression.  
 Yes, Cousins.  He performs even when Washington does "no run games."  
 Not at all.   Alex Smith is so smart that he entered university as a junior and got a bachelors degree in 2 years.
 Smart move. Football seems to be getting smarter overall, did you know that they're implementing new tech now that tracks the players' movements as well as the physics of the football?
 Brady's wife makes more than double her husband's salary.  They must be loaded.
 Whoa! That's a lot of money. Probably way more than any of the first NFL players ever saw, who played their first game in 1932 in Chicago.
 Well, Brady really came through though even after his high school jv football team never started him and lost every game.  They made a big boo boo, but maybe it motivated him.  
 I wonder if Belechik has anything to do with that? lol
 they also now have chips inside the footballs to track velocity, rotation speed and location. just crazy how they add technology
 A rule?! That's a strange legacy. Well, I enjoyed the chat!
 haha carson palmer also does too ! strange stuff you learn - but nice to chat with you also 
 As a born and raised resident of NE Ohio, it's best we don't jinx anything, lol. It's fascinating that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf player. 
 He is the one! Did you know Tom's wife makes twice  than his salary?
 Yes, the New Orleans saints cheerleader can't eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player!!
 That is a good question! i have to find out!, there was also once a deaf quarterback!
 Yeah very inspiring for them. It would be better than being a Saints cheerleader that's for sure! They can't even interact with any players.
 Yes agreed. The NFL is able to track players movement on the field with chips embedded in the shoulder pads!
 Yes it is constantly changing. One thing that is suprising to me is there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay!
 Agreed. It seems longer. Some people don't like how much NFL players make but they don't make all that much in the long run.
 Yeah I think so too. Cool it stuck. There is also only one left handed QB!
 She is a supermodel.  Btw, did you know that Tom Brady has never eaten a strawberry
 Oh, I see.  Do you know that Alex Smith finished a bachelor degree only in 2 years
 It is very effective, isn't it.  At first, I thought the circular huddle to prevent eavesdropping from other team.  Hahaha
 Just imagine of being a left handed quarterback in the NFL. Its hard to do but there is one quarterback in the NFL right now that meets that criteria. His name is Kellan More. 
 I will do the best I can, and you do the same. 
 Merry Christmas.
 I watch a little, seems like the rules are constantly being changed.
 Yeah, I had heard that.  Looks like they would have at least one playing.
 I don't know, I've seen some big women in the US.
 No, what are they?
 Well, that's an odd profession.  Matt Patricia, is the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL.  Before coaching, he was a working as a n aeronautical engineer.
 Wow! I wonder which paid him more? You never know. Tom Brady's model wife Gisele makes double what he makes. 
 Do you know I have an issue also, I don't believe it, there is no way, must be in a different way, can you tell me how would this be possible?
 No I  never heard of the circular huddle, I have always known it as the a huddle, Is there a different?
 Bill Belichick was 6th NFL as head coach.
 Yeah, that man is a great coach and superior leader, something about 'the Patriot way' that just keeps getting them victories. I have not yet seen a female player in the NFL yet, it's not against the NFL rules either
 As long as they meet all requirements they can be on a team and play. Brad Johnson was the only quarterback in history to throw a touchdown pass to himself.
 How does one do that?
 No idea. Tom Brady has a nfl rules named after him.
 Not sure which ones. but Tom Brady was picked 199th in the 2000 nfl draft.
 He is pretty dang good. Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
 That is a good question. Only 2 Afican-American quarterbacks has won the super bowl.
 Must be older. only 2 champion games since 2002  havent had brady, peyton or roethlisberger playing on the field.
 Oh ok, I see. Well some athletes have other talents, like Baker Mayfield who once considered quitting football to pursue a career in full-time competitive gaming! Didn't know that was a thing!
 That is a good question. Matt patricia is a rocket scientist coaching in the NFL.. Have a great night.
 Haha wow, I bet they are regretting that decision! He only threw 50 touchdown passes in 2007!
 I think it was Paul D. Hubbard? He was a deaf QB. Hard to believe the huddle was ever anything other than circular haha But definitely very interesting. 
 Oh I see I lost you for a while, 199th pick and his the best player in NFL history, I bet many teams regretted not picking them as first option
 lol  I thought you were going to say the Steelers.  Speaking of the Steelers...since the Browns came back in 1999 the quarterback with the most wins in the Cleveland Browns stadium is the Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger!
 He is? really? wow, I bet he is as old as Brady then or maybe even older, and no I dint know that, does he even play anymore?
 did you know that Tom Brady has never eaten a strawberry before? haha
 I'm surprised that there's only one left-handed QB in the NFL. Thinking of all the QBs and all the lefties in other sports, that number seems low.
 that does, I wonder if he gets an advantage or not for doing that, did you know that Tom Brady's wife actually makes more than double what he does?
 I am, did you watch the Super Bowl last Sunday? 
 Yeah, I'm not surprised. He's won a lot of awards. Did you know the NFl uses tracking chips? 
 Probably some computer model, but I wonder if it actually helps. 
 Yeah, I'm not surprised that this is the full amount of time that players play. 
 yeah, the games are long. A lot of TV commercials, and a lot of time waiting on the sidelines. 
 Interesting. It is probably a lot of the lower paid players lower the actual average of the salaries. 
 How do you feel about Tom Brady?
 He has got to be considered the greatest steal in any draft pick ever. 16 seasons has got to produce a lot of wear and tear on the body, I wonder how much time he has left. 
 Do you think the Patriots will win it this season? They are playing the Chargers this weekend. 
 The Dallas Cowboys. They play the Rams this weekend. I think I would rather they play the Rams than the Eagles!
 Yeah Tom Brady has already secured his legacy, he's won more super bowls than any other quarterback I know of. 
 It is really surprising. The sheer length of his career is impressive. Older quarterbacks are my favorites. There's something about the calmness of a 40 year old qb that feels right.
 He's definitely otherworldly. How can you avoid strawberries? They're delicious! It's good that he came into his own. His high school JV team was awful, apparently. He was the backup qb, but didn't get to play. I wonder how it would have worked out for them if he had?
 I did know that! They have some weird, non-fraternizing rules. I guess they get to spend a lot of time cheering since the average game only has 11 minutes of live play. I'll bet your hubby and father in law make it seem like much longer!
 I wonder if they have those sorts of things in helmets? The concussion issue with NFL players is terrible. I thought they made a lot more money, putting bodies on the line like that, but an engineer makes more, statistically speaking. 
 Well, the good news is that if you're a lady, there's no rules that say you can't play for the NFL! As long as you meet the eligibility requirements, you're in! I wonder what those are?
 It's surprising that he's the only one! I've never heard of him. I wonder who he plays for? I wonder if he was at the NFL honors this year? That seems to have been a who's who of luminaries. Still not sure why the Rams coach won, but the NFL works in mysterious ways.
 Hello, I love football. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?
 LOL. The average NFL game is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
 I agree. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is actually higher than the average NFL player and MLB player.
 They might help. I heard they track ball rotation, velocity, speed, and location.
 They're both good ones. Did you realize that there is only 1 left handed quarterback in the NFL?
 Kellan Moore.  I'm left handed so that really sticks out to me.  I thought there would have been more.
 I wonder if he is still dog fighting?  My bad!  Getting back to my man, Tom Brady, I hear Bill Belichick lists him on the injury report every week, even when he's not hurt.  
 The NFL formed in 1922, it was agree to merge with AFL in 1966.  The NFL has highest attendance compared to other sports.
 Yes. Want to lift the trophy is the single thought in your brain and you can handle the pressure situation.
 Very nice chatting to you. Have a great day.
 Yea, it's crazy that  his high school jv team in Junipero didn't start him after his team didn't score a touchdown all season
 The HS coach was not too brilliant. Bellchick on the other hand is a genius. Under Brady and Belichick, the Pats have won 7 superbowls now.  Yesterday's low scoring game was the highest margin of victory, only 10 points. All other tries were within 4 points. Close games, but they manage to squeak out the victory
 Yea, it's crazy Brady won the Super Bowl the first year he was a starter
 Yea, it's crazy Brady never threw for 30 touchdown passes prior to 2007
 I don't think Tom would appreciate that on National Television. Football players don't make so much for all the injuries they sustain.
 I think he is allergic to them. But I am not sure.
 No I would be so mad if I were him! I'm also curious as to what his wife does. Is she a model or something? She makes twice what he makes apparently
 Really? I'm not sure what Gisele does, but she is obviously rolling in money then! I mean, her husband is a star QB who is only one of two players in history to win five Superbowls and the only player to win them with one franchise. Crazy!
 No I didn't know that. Do you know why he does that though? I also didn't know that the NFL uses tracking chips, have you heard about that?
 That is interesting! They also put the tracking chips in the ball, I could see why they put it in the ball to get the things like speed and rotation, it's very interesting that it's on the players though. But I guess it does give good stats too
 Agreed. And of course, crazily enough the engineers who make them should be happy knowing they earn more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players combined. I should have been an engineer! Ha!
 Haha that is an interesting statistic! Another interesting one is that football games only have about 11 minutes of Live gameplay, I guess it makes sense, it just seems like so little when a game can take 2 hours with commercials and everything LOL
 Oh, absolutely! Ha! And you know, knowing it only lasts 11 minutes, it's a wonder why a female player has never been signed, at least as a kicker! There's actually no rules against females. As long as they meet the requirements, they can play!
 I can't believe of all the QBs in the league, he's the only left handed one! That is very surprising to me! Ha! Left handers must really be rare, right?
 I think so. I haven't heard of any others and I think he's the only one. I do know that some quarterbacks are really like Alex Smith though. he got his bachelor's degree in only two years.
 Haha that's a good point. I don't question the Intelligence on the deaf quarterback who created the Huddle though. That was actually a genius move, and I'm surprised it wasn't created earlier because it seems obvious even if you can hear, you don't want the other team to see or hear what you're saying or doing
 I am not sure what she does. Maybe a model. 
 Yeah you're probably right. I have no idea why Tom Brady ends up on the injury list every week. Yet he's apparently perfectly fine. What's up with that?
 Haha that could be. Isn't it crazy that he threw 50 touchdown passes in one year. That was a new record. Also hes considered the biggest steal in the history of the draft.
 Did you know how the circular huddle was invented? It was invented by a deaf quarterback who would use the people to block other teams from seeing his hand signs
 His name was Paul D Hubbard. Are you left-handed or right-handed? Apparently there's only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL
 I use both hands equally. And I know the only "lefty" in the NFL is Kellan Moore.
 Yep you're right. What do you think about Baker Mayfield? You almost became a professional gamer instead of doing football. He sounds like he was amazing it Halo 3 by the way
 interesting I didn't know that. the other thing the NFL does that weird is the use tracking chips for the players on the field. I just hope they don't keep those tips on when they go off the field haha
 That would be interesting to see. Maybe they could swap, all the men are the cheerleaders in the women are all players haha.
 I am surprised to learn this. This years Superbowl will be comin up soon They say it is usually held on the first sunday in Feb.
 LOL  Not a real follower, so an education for me.  I will remember that Tom brady has never eaten a strawberry.  Where's he from another planet?
 Led his team to more division titles.  Read he has reached 200 regular season wins.
 I think he might have the most super bowl rings
 No, I do not, though I know that Tom Brad is a great player. I know that's attributed to his skill but is also partially diet. He has never eaten a strawberry.
 It seems that Tom Brady has gotten even better in the last few years. He had never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season before 2007. Then he did a record 50 that year.
 Football still doesn't really keep my attention. Maybe it's because there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 I know. We take it so seriously that there are tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
 He seems like a very intelligent person. It's nice that he has some aspirations besides being an athlete.
 Looks like he made the right decision to keep playing football. Not sure he would have made the millions he has already earned.
 That's really interesting. I know a lot of teams use hidden visual cues now on offense. Some teams hold up coded signs to call plays.
 I knew she was the top model and had to make a lot. But I did not expect her to make more than double what he does.
 She gets to work in an industry that doesn't have a salary cap! 
 I did not know that. I wonder if he is allergic? It seems a little odd to have never eaten even one.
 I don't believe it's an allergy so I really don't understand it either. 
 Yeah. To me it is strange that the guy has never eaten a strawberry. I mean, first, why does it matter and second...what?
 I agree. Football has come a long way over the years. I think it is so cool that deaf quarterback, Paul D. Hubbard is responsible for the circular huddle.
 I suppose he is as passionate about Halo 3 as he is about football.
 I'd have to agree. Unfortunately, they don't always have humility. It is pretty incredible that despite the amount of talent, they average less salary in a lifetime than an engineer.
 That is surprising. I guess all they have to do is meet the league's eligibility requirements, but I would bet they'd have a lot of opposition.
 Only 11 minutes really? that doesnt seem like a lot, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long in total
 Yeah I hope so. It is kind of a dangerous game. they can track things like rotation ball speed and the location of all the players. That is so cool
 I agree that would be really cool. Also I think maybe you could have a woman kicker. What I don't like is how the Saints treat their cheerleaders.
 I know right LOL. Also I wonder why he's on the injury report every week. He gets put on there but apparently he's not injured because he keeps playing. That's so weird
 Haha that's a good point actually. Did you know that he's actually been to 13 Pro bowls? I had no idea also he's the first and only quarterback to reach 200 season wins
 Oh he definitely is haha! Have you heard of Alex Smith though? Apparently he passed out of so many courses in college that he got his degree in only two years
 No clue! How about kellan moore being the only QB in the NFL that is left handed... that's crazy!
 you would think so... but why would that be a fact then?  What's even crazier is that NO Saint cheerleaders have to leave a restaraunt if a NO Saint player comes in
 Definitely!  but then you would have to build a seperate locker room ofr them... LOL
 yeah right!  the feminist would have a field day! LMAO  What the... Tom Brady's wife makes more than he does!
 no need.. got her in my brain :p ALright... i'm out!  have a good one!
 I didn't know that!  Why hasn't he eaten a strawberry?  You know, I watched the game last night and realized that it has been a long time since the game has been played without Brady, Manning, or Roethlisberger.
 Yep and the NFL is so progressive too, I mean female players could join the league if they met the requirements.
 Russell Wilson plays baseball? I thought he was a rapper!
 Okay, you can tell I'm hugely into the super bowl!
 no, i really dont watch football. I did find this interesting though, TOm brady has a man crush on Bill Belichick 
 That may have changed, although it is stated in the article. Are you a Patriots fan then?
 I'm not sure but I think Foles had a great game during both halves of play. Made Brady look ordinary
 me too.
 Tom brady's wife, gisele bundchen, makes more than double her husband's salary.
 Yes.  did you know that since the cleveland browns came back in 1999 the quarterback with the most wins in their stadium is pittsburgh's ben roethlisberger
 The Yankees probably have the monopoly.Did you hear that NFL quarterback Russell Wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing regular season games since 2011
 That seems to be the base in most of the playoff games. Many don't like the Patriots. I still think it's funny that Tom Brady's wife makes more than double than he does
 I agree, it was boring... That's funny, I didn't know that.  He has an interesting diet.  I dont think he drinks coffee either, and also eats avocado icecream, lol.
 Yeah, I remember that season... He never threw 30 before then.  They went undefeated all year long, but then lost in the super bowl, haha.
 Is that so? I wasn't aware of that but it makes sense! And there's actually a luxury phone maker that pays the London Symphony orchestra to record its ringtones. I'd like to hear those!
 That is true. Wonder if the bill comes out of their salary? Ha! Speaking of which, I can't believe the only president to ever have a PhD was Woodrow Wilson! Can you?
 I don't think the sitting president pays the bills for the white house, in fact the city of Washington has been considering turning the water off because the white house has millions in unpaid water bills.
 Oh really? I wasn't aware of that! Boy that sounds like it would cause chaos! Wonder how someone like FDR would have felt about that? Speaking of FDR, did you know he was the last president that actually spoke a foreign language fluently?
 Wow that's interesting! Well its be nice chatting, have a good day.
 I do know a few. I was surprised to learn that there are twins of the white house in france as well as ireland. I wouldn't have guessed that. You don't hear about them being tourist destinations. 
 Wow that doesn't make me feel like our leaders are all that safe. A discharged firearm is not exactly quiet and bullet holes are quite noticible. How does one miss that?
 Maybe they feel like it gives them an edge security wise? If you see pictures of the offices they all have old style corded phones too. Apparently everything is vintage in the white house. 
 can you believe that woman were not allowed to wear pants in the senate until 1993 ?
 It could be worse. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
 I find it extremely concerning. Did you know that the US Senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it!? That gavel went through a lot. 
 I read about it and I was surprised.  
 I know, right.  Do you know that the US President's guest house is bigger than the White House?
 He had too much time in his hands?
 The government would be even messier than at the present time if the runner up (Hillary) was allowed to become the VP.  About the gavel, was it made of steel?
 I wonder why.  Perhaps they want to preserve their culture.  40% is a lot.
 That was interesting.  I would like to hear them.
 I wonder if they have their dentists working at the capitol.
 Hello do you know much about Presients or U.S, Senate? The first President of Zimbabwe was named President Banana,  aactually full name was Canaan Banana,  like banana was actually his name!
 That's pretty funny. I don't know a lot about politics. I heard that the President's guest house is bigger than the White House!
 I know right.  I wonder who stays there and do they use the whole house?  Or do multiple guests stay at a time like a hotel?
 I was wondering the same. Apparently, the candidate that lost the election used to automatically become Vice President. That would never work these days!
 That's funny! The us senate used the same gavel for 165 years until richard nixon cracked it.
 Probably so! I like the idea of a candy desk in the Senate. We need that at my work. 
 Seriously, how old fashioned! Apparently the rule was changed when two senators protested and wore pantsuits. 
 Haha. I agree! The Senate has to elect someone if noone is elected for Vice President. 
 in cases wherein no candidate receives a majority of electors for Vice President. I'm not sure how that could be, either, 
 You would think! The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson.
 Yeah! Can't believe Tupac was also a ballet dancer back in the day and even portrayed the mouse in the Nutcracker, I wonder if he wanted that to be a secret.
 I definitely do that or bop my head and if other people's ears permit, sing to it too! I would love to have taken dance because I have poor posture, I think that's why Bruce Lee danced before he ventured into Karate.
 Dance helps with a lot of other things too like flexibility and coordination. If you were a professional ballet dancer though, it could get expensive buying pointe shoes. Some of them even go through four pairs in only a week!
 Why was it banned? I feel like that's how a lot of the basketball players score in those games or at least that's what I see over and over again on basketball recaps or highlights.
 Yeah, that's an odd nickname, but I also don't think that nickname would fly if it were basketball players. I'd think there'd be a whole movement around that. Not sure what it'd be called though.
 What a funny name, if I worked there, it'll get me every single time. I wonder whether any of the justices use that court to destress, I know I would if I were in their position.
 Yeah, football sure is America's favorite sport as some like to call it. In other countries, it's known as gridiron football, rugby, and they have different rules. I would like to see different takes on America's pasttime sport in other countries.
 Yes, that is exactly it! I agree, it is helpful and award worthy. So I guess different variations of football are known as football codes. 
 Yes, terrible irony! The Supreme Court has a basketball court on the top floor.
 I'm not sure but it would be cool! I really like dance too. I just wish I could have seen Tupac dance in his HS play.
 That is a real surprise that a guy as tough as Bruce Lee won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha Championship in 1958! Multi-talented.
 Yes you are right, did you know the New Zealand basketball team nickname the tall blacks?
 thats crazy. no wonder engineers get paid more
 crazy, Blockbuster must be weeping
 Yea, I think it's been an important part of society's development. I can't believe in the 18th century there was a "moral panic" due to the spreading of reading books.
 That's pretty interesting. Since you said you liked the Simpsons, did you notice that Bart appears or at least mentioned almost every show? All but one!
 That's surprising. Guess the British don't have the same sense of humor. Speaking of the British, did you know that Jann Mardenborough became a pro race car driver by beating people in the video game Gran Turismo?
 Yea, that is crazy. I bet Karl Benz didn't have that in mind when he was patenting the first modern car!
 NFL kicker; he posted a pic of him and his gun with daughter and her date
 No, my son is into these Star Wars cartoons at the moment.  I hear there 750 episodes of Pokemon, I don't feel that there is a need for that much.  
 Yeah, I would like to play on that.  I find it ironic that the only losing coach in the university of Kansas was the inventor of basketball.
 College contestants pretend to dribble and pass an invisible basketball.  I wonder if they stream Jeopardy on Netflix.  Netflix and Youtube together account for half of peak internet traffic in North America!
 I once tried a free trial.  Netflix is so huge.  It was 2 billion dollars now.  Compare that to Blockbuster's offer in the past to buy it for 50 million!
 Yeah.  Netflix's beginning is interest.  Reed Hastings was inspired to create Netflix after getting a big late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13.
 It's crazy how huge basketball is! I think in 39 states, the highest paid state employee is a college basketball or football coach.
 I would have thrown them out, lol. I have zero interest in the cards, and only recently found out that managers are able to play for their teams if they are needed.
 Hey there do you like watching football? Did you see one team painted their locker room pink?
 Did you know that the dog was disallowed in basketball for a while? I guess Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just too good
 Yea I couldn't imagine a basketball game without a dunk. Dis you know that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top of their building
 That's really crazy. I do think it's funny that it's called "the highest court in the land". I wonder if they ever played basketball games to decide a court case haha
 That's amazing! You know what I don't like? Kickball in Canada is called soccer - baseball. That name sounds really stupid haha
 I would be so confused if someone said that. I think it's odd how popular baseball is in Japan. 
 I do too. Apparently they are shocked that it is America's national Pastime and not Japan's haha
 Yea I'm not sure if the team managers in Japan can actually play in the game if needed like in American teams or not.
 That's a good question. I also don't think that Japan used a married couple to schedule other baseball games haha. The MLB did up until 2005
 No not at all. yes it's crazy that the highest scoring game was 222 to 0. That is a major blowout!
 Yes that was a great invention! I didn't know that the New Zealand basketball team is "the tall blacks". That name seems offensive! 
 Oh I agree. Did you know that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach? He was the most losing coach at his entire University's history
 That makes sense. What doesn't make sense is that the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed "the tall blacks"- that seems really offensive.
 It does. But what really confused me is how so many places consider different sports football. 
 If not, its really sad! Didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team?
 I think so too! Japan is crazy for baseball. Hard to believe they didn't know it was America's national pastime!
 Ok yes, soccer-baseball your right. Thinking the baseball is a little weird. How great to find 3 million worth of baseball cards in your grandfathers attic!!
 lol, I just got a visual! That's funny. In 39 states the college football coaches are the highest paid state employees.
 Apparently, Kareem abdul-jabbar dunk shot was banned from college for over a decade, interesting! Good chat!!
 I am an Eagles fan and have read that players in the 60's on our team had offseason jobs. I'm sure some still do today but the Hall of Famers on our team were selling concrete after the season.
 That's pretty crazy, my dad found his original Hot Wheels cars cleaning out my grandmother's house. Unfortunately he had really banged them up when he was a kid!
 Good idea, I vote for that solution! Kareem Jabbar was banned from his dunk shot because he dominated so badly in college.Or shoudl I say so well in college.
 I saw that Bryce Harper is inline to make a ton of money, almost getting close to Alex Rodriguez.
 I remember when A-Rod was signing up, he go almost over $275 million in one year. Unreal
 I didn't know that in Japan baseball could potentially be more popular than in the US. 
 I think they're the only nation that have better players than the U.S. Imagine if we had a real WORLD series?
 I wonder if that's ever happened? Maybe when Sandy Koufax refused to pitch on Yom Kippur!
 Speaking of old players, if either of us had saved cards from back then (and been alive back then), we couldn't racked up 3 million dollars, like some guy did when he found a bunch of baseball cards from the early 20th century!
 It is crazy! A lot different than american baseball games. A lot of standing and cheering. More like college football than baseball.
 That sounds really fun. I have heard that the Japanese fans sometimes are surprised that baseball is so popular in America.
 Well, with them scheduling all 2430 MLB games I could see it happening!
 Me too! I like college football and heard Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink. How strange!
 Maybe that would jinx them! They have a former runningback who never fumbled once!
 Was going to say in the 60's, bowlers made more than football players! That's interesting. The slam dunk was banned from college basketball for a long time. 
 I think he was the only losing coach at his university. 
 Haha. Speaking of bats, baseball managers can play for their teams if they need to, that's why they wear uniforms. 
 Yeah, and in Canada, kickball is called soccer-baseball! Nice chatting with you!
 Seriously! What is New Zealand thinking with that nickname?
 wow!  A girl struck them out?  I had never heard that.  She deserves her own baseball card - one lucky dude found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfathers attic!
 Theres a stadium that cost $60 million to build and it was a high school stadium and that is funny, I wonder what opposing teams thing of that,
 The dunk shot is one of my favorite moves, that seems a bit unfair, ban a move like that one 
 Wow! It is a really long name. I saw Benjarvus Green-Ellis. I wonder if its missing a few more names
 Haha. I wonder if anyone uses it?
 The highest football score looks like a bowling score 222-0 Groerogia Tech defeated Cumberland
 I cant imagine how the losing team felt lol
 Good evening. I'm alternating between The Handmaid's Tale and The Simpsons. Oddly, there is only one where Bart isn't in it. I have yet to see it.
 I did not, nor have I ever seen an episode of South Park. I have seen almost all of the Thomas the Tank Engine, George Carlin is my favorite narrator.
 I did. Alec Baldwin even played in one of the movies. I recently learned that the three horizontal line menu on apps is called a hamburger button. That's hilarious, and they should resemble hamburgers.
 And I can't even get wifi in my barn. It's interesting that the Library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet, in case of emergencies.
 Yep. And yet, people don't even take the time to read the TOS when they are buying something.
 I've never seen Pokemon either. I was in an antique shop the other day, and saw a monochrome t.v. set. I would love to have one, to freak out my kids who have never seen a black and white t.v.
 I think it is.so much onlline info and art that peple are obssesed with form history they want to stay in formed in.
 But the internet has spread everywhere, even Mt Everest has 3G service at the peak now.
 Television and it's evolution of the shows is neat.  Especially some of the animated shows.  There are quite a few and many have run a very long time.  Pokemon has over 750 episodes.
 wow!  makes me think of how long shows like family guy and south park have been on. SO many years
 haha yup exactly, it's crazy how much time PIxar spent studying physics though, 3 years to model hair for the movie Brave
 oh ok i'll have to check it out, somehow scientists say that the earth could have come from nothing without violating teh laws of physics, how is that possible? haha
 haha, did your son ever watch Thomas the Train? I guess alec baldwin, ringo, and george carlin all did the narrators voice in that show
 ya he is awesome, did you ever watch thagt 70's show? Apparenlty they tried to remake it for the uk market
 That is interesting.     I did hear that the Simpsons producers once sent flowers to the South Park guys.
 A big Difference from Pokemon, which ran over 750 episodes!
 I know a little bit.    I heard that New Yorks area code is 212 because of the days of rotary phones.
 I heard about that.     Can you imagine using electronic mail from such altitude?
 Good thing the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the Internet!
 Did You know that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl ?
 Maybe they would not be as strong, but who knows - maybe they could be as quick as men ?
 umm ... what ? what does it mean ? The matches must be longer than that...
 I'm really confused... I don't watch nfl
 Nice,  kinda like hockey!  Did u know Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
 That data is for coaching ? Not sure how would they use it...
 Im sure it is.  Also,  probably stats.
 its pretty boring.  lol.  a lot of waiting around,  and way too many penalties.  If u go to an actual football game much more exciting. 
 I think it's all pretty silly, but we have a civic duty to vote to get our thoughts heard. Like in Austin, when they voted to change the name of the dump to Fred Durst.
 Wow! The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 I suppose that is not all that surprising. Apparently Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and John Wilkes Booth (his later assassin) is in the photo! How strange.
 Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter.
 WOW! That seems accommodating but also dangerous. Apparently only five presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. It's crazy that two of those have happened in my lifetime.  
 Wow. How old are you (if that's too personal, sorry...) Citizens of austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst
 Wait... Im older than you! Besides Trump, who was the other?
 Really??? I did not know that. I thought it all came down to FL and he won... Public education...
 Wow. Now I feel like fake news got me. Just kidding, i do not believe in fake news...Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
 That makes sense. He's made so many funny movies. I'm a big fan. It's estimated that bing crosby recordings filled more than half of the radio time allocated to recorded music in 1948. I can't believe any one person dominated to that extent. 
 What would be really interesting is that until 1805 the second place in the election became vice president.  A Trump Hillary combo?  Yowsa!
 Yes!  Easier to vote in space though than in India where one polling place was in a forest full of lions!
 They didnt? I wonde why, 34% of the black male population in Alabama lost their rights to vote
 His name was Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono I think it had to be pretty good music if he chose not to quit after the first album lol. Do you know what was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe
 Its called the Blair house, its so big since its composed of 4 seperate buldings.
 Hi! No I was never aware of that! 
 There would be nothing but chaos! There would be little sense in voting!
 Yes!  I wouldn't want to have been in India where the Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter!  I didn't think there were lions in India?  I think there are tigers there.
 That's crazy!!! I can't believe that something like that was a big enough issue to actually call for a vote!
 Yes it does! I'm curious as to the canadian songs that are played, I might have to look some up later to listen.
 I didn't but I will look that up.  I also wanted to listen to those shows just to see what they were like.  Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio. How cool is that?
 They actually had like 4 of those. One in south american and they were so mad, they burned down the radio station. It was in like 1975ish.
 ah interesting, also crazy is that the first drivethrough was invented by McDonalds
 ya did you hear about the guy who became a professional car driver? he did it after beating 90k people in the videogame gran tourismo
 well it was founded by Antoine de la monthe cadillac, he's also teh person that cadillac cars is named after
 I didn't know that.  Sounds dangerous to me!  We've come along way since the modern car was invented by Karl Benz in 1886.  
 Wow, that's interesting and it's so cold in Ohio, too!  Did you know the Cadillac is named after French explorer, Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac, who founded Detroit?
 Didn't know that tidbit of info, but I do know it's legal in South Africa to equip your car with flamethrowers to prevent carjacking.
 You and me both, we'd be rich!  Hard to believe the Mcdonald's drive thru has only been in existence since 1975, though.
 Yeah, that would have been awesome.  I heard that when South Park aired its final episode the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew.  That was nice of them to do.
 I can believe it.  Lol I bet MySpace feels stupid for turning down an offer to buy Facebook in early 2005.
 Really?  I didn't know that.  I know the like button is illegal in one German state.
 I love Cadillacs and would like to own one of those! Never knew until recently they were named after the founder of Detroit - French explorer  Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac! What about you?
 I like Cadillacs as well and would be proud to take it to the drive thru of my favorite fast food restaurants like Chic-Fil-A or McDonald's, they were the ones who started the drive-thru in order to accommodate soldiers who weren't able to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms.
 They were introduced in 1975 which seems a bit late to me, imagine if it was patented or trademarked, then Jann Mardenborough wouldn't have to become a professional race car driver by beating 90K other people in a video game!
 I imagine it could be quite fun and liberating to press the "launch" buttons to activate those flamethrowers, it's the equivalent of a Turbo button in the video game Gran Turismo that Jan plays.
 Ha! I wouldn't mind seeing a documentary about Jann on the tele one day! Speaking of tv, were you a fan of 70's Show? I heard it was remade in the UK but cancelled literally 10 episodes in. Crazy, Isn't it?
 Maybe so? Weird it was cancelled 10 episodes in yet a show like Pokemon has over 750 episodes!
 Have you ever seen an episode of pokemon? I haven't, even though there's that many episodes! That's enough to last for 16 years if you played 50 of them every season.
 I'm honestly not sure. It's crazy Bart never appeared nor was mentioned in an episode, right? Wonder what episode that was? Maybe I can post about it on Facebook and get an answer! Speaking of Facebook, it's crazy how far it's come since it was launched on Feb 4th, 2004!
 My guess is they would be a venture company investing billions in other startup companies in hopes of find their next payoff like "Facebook", but maybe if they ran a promotion like what Burger King once did where if you unfriended 10 people, you'd get a Free Whopper, maybe there's still some hope with great marketing.
 Yeah and the "like"button could be used to spread positivity unlike in a german state where it's actually banned.
 I used to watch Pokemon as a kid. I really like Bulbasaur and Pikachu. Do you have any Pokemon that you love? I can't believe they're over 750 episodes at this point I'll never be able to catch up
 Yep a foxhole radio is a radio made out of necessity using a razor blade and a pencil as the diode, although I can't say exactly how that would work
 What do you think about Jupiter as a planet? Personally I still am missing Pluto haha. But seriously you can pick up Jupiter radio storms on AM radio. When I'm bored maybe I'll try to pick them up sometime
 There is only one episode of the show where Bart neither appears, nor is mentioned.
 yes I remember reading about that. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon?
 I have heard that.    There is something like enough for 16 years at 50 episodes a year!
 Yes you are so right, I would be afraid to ride that bus, how would it remain on the rail or line.
 I wonder if Kink Kalakaua encountered those tolls when he traveled around the world.
 True.   Still, rich or poor, you cannot escape the radio storms of Jupiter.
 Haha I feel like he shouldve seen hat coming with all the disapproval. Have you ever stolen a gnome? I have once but Id never think of returning them like some apparently
 I dont know  much about that, but I know Canada pays Urkraine for Ukrainian based songs
 I love Latin music. Can you believe Shakespear's two noble kinsmen isnt a movie yet? I always thought that was one of the better ones
 I can totally see radcliffe voicing edward cullen in the simpsons though, I think he would've done a better job than the movie actor
 Apparently, most deals made on the shark tank show are never enacted.
 WOW! Did you know that that the president of indonesia made a pop album, 3 TIMES!
 I didnt know that! 3 times? does he know he has a country to run lol
 I guess North Korea didn't have a leader until 1948.  There is a lot I don't know about history.
 I haven't watched it in awhile, but I try to catch the Halloween eps!  Did you know there's only ONE ep where Bart does not appear?  
 Oh man, I can only imagine!  I know Simpsons and Family Guy have a bit of friendly rivalry going on.  Did you see the crossover ep between the two? 
 Yeah, it was actually a Family Guy two partner, they go to Springfield.  It had a lot of funny moments.  Hard to believe the show's been on the air for about twenty years!
 Wow, George Carlin narrated it?  That just seems so bizarre given how cynical he comes off as in his comedy shows, that he'd have anything to do with something sweet and light like Thomas the Tank engine!
 That's a lot!  Speaking of a lot, do you know there's over 750 episodes of the show Pokemon?  That's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.
 Come to think of it, that might even be MORE episodes than what we have of the Simpsons... think they were up to about 600 or so.  Course, there's a lot of episode of Pokemon we never got to see if you're outside of Japan.
 Yeah, think it was cancelled after only ten eps or so.  What's interesting there are lot of shows that get "imported" to the US from other countries.  for instance, The Office is a UK show that got an American version.
 Maybe just to be on the same footing as the world leaders. did you hear about the Canadian Docs and their pay raises?
 They don't want them! The docs are saying they already make too much money! I'm like What?
 I didn't hear that, but I bet that is dangerous to do. I was in Iraq twice with the war so I know how that goes. 
 That would be some good eating. I've never tried boar before, but I do love bacon and pork. 
 Wow that's not good. Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon? 
 My gosh yes. My kids made me sit thru all of them!! Something like 16 years of episodes right?
 Yes. I like comedies. They remade That 70's Show in the UK and it was cancelled after only 10 episodes.
 I guess not! It was remade word for word, but with British actors. 
 Probably true! I used to watch The Simpsons a lot. There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned!
 Yes, me too! When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.
 Wow. That's so cool! Major manufacturers announced the discontinuation of CRT, DLP, plasma, and even fluorescent-backlit LCDs by the mid-2010s.
 They're pretty neat. TVs became common way back after World War II
 True. Just like cars when they first came out. Now they are so common that there are more than 1.25 billion vehicles.
 yeah... that's getting out of control... I'm from NY and You cant part anywhere... AND I LIVE ON LONG ISLAND ! ;) lol
 No, had not idea although a wooden truck seems dangerous, especially in South Africa where it is legal to equip flame throwers onto cars
 Not much, I didn't even know they made a Ted Kennedy movie about Kennedy and Mary Jo Kopechne
 That is sort of surprising.  I guess I remember it being really colorful looking as a kid.
 Hi! It is world toilet day lol.
 Yes, it seems there is a need for sanitation awareness, because some countries are without.
 Me too. i can't imagine not having indoor plumbing. I just read they have a higher rate of childhood mortality directly related to the lack of sanitation. I feel sad now.
 WWII Soldiers used razor blades and pencils to make radios!
 Yes, oh my..the thought we can hear the radio storms on am radio astounds me!
 seems like most things are digital these days. i enjoy listening to podcasts! It's how I learn things basically haha. I wonder what website it is that you can listen to free radio dramas.
 That sounds funny to me. Does that mean it just needs to be in English or does it need to be directly related to the Canadian people?
 Chen Xiaoping is a New York based editor at Mirror Media Group who thinks his wife was kidnapped.  There are communications from a youtube video from a Chinese woman addressing her husband and saying she hasn't contacted him due to relationship issues and to stop writing.  
 Only 18 days before Chen was going to interview Guo for the sixth time in NYC Chinese authorities grabbed his wife in Guangzhou China and kept her incommunicado for some 120 days until a day after Chen released a letter to the Chinese government for info on his wife
 This isn't the first time Chinese authorities terrorized family members overseas as these activities have angered communists
 That is really odd.  According to Canada's laws all radios have to play at least 40% Canadian music
 That is crazy, I didn't know there were that many Canadian bands around. 
 Interestingly, soldiers in WWII made simple radios out of a razorblade and pencil
 There are more than 750 episodes of Pokemon?  Have you seen any?
 Wow! No I have never seen a single episode. 
 Me neither, not interested in Pokemon or the 70's show which was remade verbatim in the uk
 Well, tell your wife good job!  LOL They sent the simpsons flowers when family guy had it's final episode.
 That's crazy....i watch the simpsons and cant place which episode that is?
 That's crazy!  I wonder how they have the time to produce so many?  Did you know that George Carlin was the longest running voice for thomas the tank?
 ya I still watch it ive seen almost all of them, did you see the one where they make fun of family guy?
 can't say I did, I'm more of a south park guy, but I know theres an episode where bart doesn't appear, right?
 ya I think so, I've never seen it but I wonder if they just forgot him haha
 I have yes, i watched it as a kid, there are like 800 episodes in total now right?
 ya, I love pikachu, id have enough episodes to watch 50 a year for 16 years haha
 yes I like that show, I guess they remade it for the UK, it was stopped after 10 episodes haha
 yup, they shoudl have adapted it to the market I think, also the name stunk: Days like these haha
 Looks like he is going to be their backup. He threw a 57 yard pass it looks like. 
 With an arm like that he should.  Did you know Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team?
 WOW!  You would think they would have called it off at some point!  Did you hear how much it cost to build the high school stadium in allen, texas?
 Yeah, 60 million.  It seats 18,000.  I guess there's not much else to do in that town but go to a high school game
 True.  Did you hear that Tom Brady wasnt given the chance to play on his JV team in HS?  They didnt ever score yet they kept him on the bench.
 I hadn't heard that.  I guess he showed them!  He's in good company. Micheal Jordan got cut from his high school team, I believe. 
 Very true!  A great life lesson to learn.  The PAtriots have certainly done better than the Browns.  They haven't won a playoff game since 1995!
 That's good.  Do you like football?
 yeah,  do you like the Patriots?
 George rr martin calls them the Lannisters of football lol 
 That running back that never fumbled, Green- Ellis,  played for the patriots. 
 The NFl has only one left handed quarterback!
 Oh ok,  who is in the playoffs?  
 I do. I don't like the Patriots but it was good to see Bill Belichick be the winningest coach in NFL postseason history.
 Yeah, he is a good coach. He has even won with the Cleveland Browns.
 Surprisingly enough it was a game againt the Patriots too, and their coach was Belichick. Hmm.
 Interesting. Wonder why that is? Is being left handed a disadvantage? Speaking of disadvantages, I would think that it would be difficult to play football if you couldn't hear, but the circular huddle used today was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback.
 Tom Brady wasn't respected as a quarterback in high school. They refused to start him. Now he is a four time champion.
 Yeah, you are right! Did he finish college? Alex Smith took so many tests in high school that he entered universeity as a junio and got his bachelor's degree. Then he started working on a master's degree before he was the first overall pick in 2005 NFL draft.
 Yeah, full time competitive gaming can sometimes be lucrative though I doubt as good as football player pay.
 Probably not, much more safer though haha, especially playing Halo 3.
 Football's importance has certainly increased in recent times. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 And how much money is spent on NFL technology! ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line!
 Yeah I don't see that ever happening these days at any colleges with football teams.
 Yes, did you know that Iowa's visiting team locker room is pink! Entirely Pink!!!
 Wild! 1916 Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland with the highest score ever.
 I agree! So, that score from the game I mentioned was 220-0! Huge defeat! 
 No, I haven't. Did you know the circular huddle was designed by a man who was deaf?
 Exactly! Wow, you really know your facts! There is only one left handed QB in the NFL.
 I'm sure you are correct. The player is Kellan Moore.
 The two NFL teams with equal Super Bowl losses are Buffalo Bills And The New England Patriots.
 His last playoff win was with the Browns. It was his only playoff win that wasn't with the Patriots.
 YEs, how brilliant! He earned his BA in 2 years!
 How about that Baker Mayfield? He considered leaving football to play videogames!
 They are. And International! New england patriot sebastian vollmer is the first german citizen drafted into the nfl
 Cool! Didn't know that. The author of Game of Thrones....called the Patriots the lannisters of the NFL lol
 haha, he is awesome! Did you know there was a deaf quarterback that invented the huddle? So nobody could read his hand signals! Very cool.
 That is. Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself.
 What? hahhaaa.....did you know Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue competitive gaming! What that's nuts.
 Cool fact! I didn't know that! Alex Smith took so many Ap tests in hs and got his bachelors in 2 years, must be smart!
 Really? Who you playing this weekend?
 Yea, that was a while ago, he's been in the game for 9 years already
 Yep, pretty cool that no one thought of the circular huddle before Hubbard
 Yeah, something to do with illegal construction payments. I think the US Justice Dept uncovered it.
 I think it's rampant everywhere!  Look at Sri Lanka!
 Are you a history person.  Did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson are the three richest Presidents in history?
 That is funny.  I wonder if Trump sings.  The Indonesian President released three pop albums while in office.
 WOW, I didn't know that. Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Who knew!
 We should go back to that.  I found it surprising that the US President's guest house is bigger than the While House. 
 I did too. In other countries, like England, 10 downing street, the residence of the prime minister of the uk, has a cat with a government title of chief mouser to the cabinet office. his day-to-day responsibilities include contemplating a solution to the mouse occupancy of the house.
 Lol, I love cats.  I think if I remember right that Australia's Prime Minister exists only through custom and isn't in the constitution.  
 At least in Japan, when you turn 100, the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate
 I want to say a comedy troop got into a G20 summit as a Canadian delegate and did not get caught until one got out of the car dressed as Osama Bin Laden.
 That is hilarious.  Let's change topics a little.  Are you a tv fan.  Did you know that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons" where Bart is neither seen or talked about?
 Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon".  That is about 50 shows a year for 16 years. 
 When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 Wow, that's great. 70's show was remade verbatim in the uk. 'days like these' was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 I guess they have different taste.  I read that television can be transmitted in two or three dimensions and sounds. 
 Huh... Who knew... Actress helena bonham carter (bellatrix in the harry potter films) is the great-granddaughter of herbert asquith, prime minister of the united kingdom during world war i.
 I love the Harry Potter films.  Tv can also be transmitted in monochrome or in color. 
 Yep, the did. They pretended to be the Canadian Prime Minister. This happened in 1995 so things might be a lot different now.
 Yeah!  To add to that he didn't even throw 30 touchdown passes in any year prior.  Then out of nowhere!  Wow!
 I would think there would be more.  My Alma mater beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  The coaches must have had a disagreement. 
 Interesting and I do too! Makes the game easier. Did you know NFL QB Russell Wilson is still under a MLB contract?
 Nope.  Did you know that top bowlers made more that football players in the 1960's.  Boy has that changed!
 That is hard to believe! Did you know that SB winning QB Brad Johnson is the only QB in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself?
 That's funny... I guess ESPN has a "Total Quarterback Rating".  It sounds controversial to me...
 It's worth it... I can't see Betsy Ross making that one.  Did you know Tom Brady is on his 6th championship ring?
 That's cool.  I hope he left out the expletives. I can't believe Brady has never eaten a strawberry?  What's up with that?
 I hope. Oh, that is weird! I have heard that only 2 NFL Superbowl's since 2002's championship game have not included either Tom Brady or Peyton Manning.
 Brady's wife makes more than twice what he does as a model.  I wish I had that cash flow.  
 I'd like that $. I wonder why Tom Brady was picked was picked 199th in the 2000 NFL draft.
 Really Banana? that is a funny name, is that really his name or a nickname?
 How do they refer theirs?)
 Wow, they're able to live well then! I just can't believe that he's never eaten a strawberry.
 I know right? He released a cook book called the food bible.
 I've heard about it. He knows what he's doing. He's been in good shape for all these years and has stayed healthy.
 I wonder if he will keep going or retire. Did you know that prior to 2007 that Brady never threw 30 touchdown passes in a single season? Then that year he threw 50.
 I think he'll keep going until he can't. I just don't want to see him like Peyton. It hurt me seeing him on the field. Brady has been really dominant on the field. Him and Belichick have niether won or lost the Super Bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries. 
 Did you know that the circular huddle originates from a deaf QB who used the huddle to hide his hand signals?
 I didn't know that. That's pretty genius. Speaking of geniuses, did you know that Alex Smith received his bachelors degree in two years?
 Wow impressive. Did you know that the University of Iowa visitors locker room is completely pink?
 Wow that's crazy. I don't even know how that is possible.
 They would have to score every 4 minutes or something like that. That's crazy!
 The other team didn't get off the bench. Did you know in the 60's the top bowler's made twice as much as the top football players?
 That's crazy to think how the tides have turned. I wonder if there's more left handed bowlers than quarterbacks? Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL the last I've heard.
 That was a well earned Emmy!
 No I did not!  That is surprising.  I did hear that Alex Smith took so many AP classes in High school that he started college as a Junior!
 I wish I were Tom Brady.  His wife Gisele is a model and makes more than double his salary. Great Life!
 Apparently, Bill Belichick lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week.
 for sure, great chatting with you! 
 Hey!  With all this presidential talk lately, I think it is important to laugh.  Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!?
 The first one must have gone really well!  Despite all the wealth Trump talks about, he is not one of the three wealthiest presidents.
 That's almost unbelievable, isn't it? I know the top three were Jefferson, JFK and Washington. I suppose they must measure by inflation!
 Could you imagine the chaos if that rule was still in place? Yikes! You know what else surprises me? The president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
 That is very shocking!  I think it is hilarious that Nevada has a "none of these candidates" option when voting for president.
 No kidding! But then again, back in 2012, international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in 9 states during the election. I'm really surprised that didn't stir anything up!
 Yea, imagine if that was the 2016 election.  Things have changed so much.  Now we can do everything from our phones, but in WW2 soldiers were making radios out of razorblades and pencils!
 Yes, that sounds fun.  Glad we have a lot of flexibility!  In Canada 40% of the songs played on the radio must be Canadian!
 No, but I find it interesting Tom Brady;s wife makes a lot more money than him.
 He is one of the only two players to have won five Super Bowls.
 Talking about stats, rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled a football.
 I find it somewhat ironic the huddle in today's football was created by a deaf quarterback.
 Yeah.  To add to Gronkowski's glory, he was the second best run blocking tight end.
 Indeed he is! Do you also like Kellan Moore? It's crazy to think he's the only left handed QB in the entire league!
 I am and love Brady. Although I still can't believe his JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown that season. I bet his old coach still kicks himself to this day over that mistake! Are you a fan of Brady?
 That's a good question. She is obviously loaded and they aren't hurting for money. Ha! But to me, I think the fact that Brady has never eaten a strawberry is even more bizarre. It's like, how has he never eaten a strawberry? Ha!
 That was strange.  He should have tried at least once and could then decide not to like it.
 That was an interesting fact.  You know quite a lot about football.
 Oh yes, he claimed he could beat anyone at halo 3 at the University of Oklahoma!
 Yes I agree. I heard the highest score ever in football was 222-0 in 1916. Wow that is a crazy score.
 Yes Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. Interesting game i bet.
 Yes which would be doing the opposite of their intentions, too funny. Alex Smith received his bachelor's degree in only two years, I wish I could do the same.
 Wow, that is new to me. Bowling is so much easier to play I would think.
 Right, they really brought that team together. Tom Brady is really pretty special. I didn't realize he was that old, I guess. Not that 41 is old, but for a footballer..
 That doesn't make any sense. It's hilarious that his high school coach wouldn't start him.
 It's amazing it took a deaf player for them to figure that one out.
 Hello, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JKF, Jefferson, and Washington.
 I bet Trump would be on that list. I have feeling it's an outdated list.
 That's pretty amazing. I have heard that as well.
 Not too sure to be honest. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana.
 That's pretty funny. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop artist too?
 That is pretty cool. I would love to hear Jupiter from here on Earth.
 In Canada, they must play 40% of Canadian music on the radio.
 Soldiers in WWII made radios using pencils and razorblades.
 They use those as a diode apparently. I bet it boosted morale for the troops.
 I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of dramas from free.
 Yep you're right. I wonder why Trump is not in there unless Perhaps it is because we cannot estimate his wealth? On a different note though, why do you think the guest house is larger than the White House itself, that doesn't seem right
 Yes that could be true. It also could be true that the president of Indonesia released pop albums while in office haha I wonder how much money he made from those
 No I didn't know that. I think that's kind of sad actually that people would judge a candidate based on their height. On the other hand it sounds a lot better than how they would do elections in ancient Athens haha
 I Don't listen to the radio but I do stream youtube music in my car, did you know that you can pick up Jupiter radio storms if you tune into the right AM radio frequency though?
 Yes, I am sure they had too. A radio receiver receives its input from an antenna. This confused me because my car does not have an antenna. 
 Interesting. Last year the eagles won the super bowl. Did you know that they had a temporary court set up in their stadium for six years due to their fans bad behavior?
 I am not sure. I think its crazy that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams. 
 I guess times are changing. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I wonder where all that money came from?
 I have never thought about that. ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line. I can't imagine watching football without the line
 Mind games I guess. No sure if it has worked. 
 Very true!
 Hello how are you doing?  Did you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
 Any examples? This was also a fun fact I learned: Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.
 Nice!  That kinda cool like how the creator of Netflix got the idea after he received a $40 late fee on his rental lol 
 Flame throwers are legal in africa?
 I see.  I feel like it would be more useful in a colder place,  where you can clear the driveway of snow or something lol
 Sure.  Do you watch any tv? When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 I see ,  you probably wont find any of the facts I just learned interesting then lol 
 yeah he did!  It was a really funny show that had real life stuff in it,  really creative. 
 lol thats sad. Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 Looks like the college teams get a lot of funding in football In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
 Good.  The coaches dont have to play so their health is good and not in danger lol anyways good chatting with you 
 Arizona? I have nothing against them. Did you know that the Eagles actually had a temporary court in their stadium for 6 years because their fans were so badly behaved? I doubt it was a real court, but how funny is that!
 Hahaha! That's too funny! There was also a crazy story about a high school football team continued to play as the science building burned down right behind them, wow, that is crazy!
 Yep, 65 it was. And definitely bordering on stupidity haha....A radio show was  saying that  the band KISS bought into an arena football team and offered Tim Tebow a contract, I wonder how much he would be paid lol.
 Considering there's only 11 minutes of actual football play in a game, that's like 3 touchdowns per playing minute!
 Wow, I have to research that football game, I just can't see how that can be true lol....like how pro bowlers made twice as much money as star football players???
 Right? I don't understand it at all. So do you listen to the radio at all? I still do in my car mostly so I can listen for radio storms that sometimes come through on AM radio stations....crazy!
 Yeah that's crazy! And did you know that you can listen to radio drama episodes for free on the radio? There are thousands of them!
 That would be pretty interesting!  I have read that the canadian radio stations by law have to play 40% canadian artists music on the radio, wow they are strict.
 Yea, it's pretty crazy how manipulating the amplitude, frequency, phase, or pulse width of radio waves allows music to play
 Money is green, regardless. Even rock band Kiss bought into an arena football team!
 I havent given too much thought to that but it seems interesting, kind of the aggressive mode google self driving cars have.
 I guess some names are catchy and stay, its ilegall to warm your car in Ohio.
 Yeah it is odd because sometimes turning the car off will consume more gas and isnt practical, and I didnt know it all started with him. 
 I guess people think that because Ford was the first car to be available to the masses.
 Yea, it's crazy because in 1986 there was only 500 million
 wow that cool i want to learn more.
 I figured the drive-thru came before 1975
 Damn, that's crazy. There's a new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks", that's crazy too
 Yes and then they took a poll and about 8000 people showed a 50% decline in Nikes favorability, I guess that's not good if you all Nike haha
 Yep I agree, it is weird that the number of African Americans who intended to buy Nike even dropped after their foray into politics though, that's not expected
 Yes I agree, did you know that a belly dancer for instance can go through three or four pairs of shoes a week? They just get worn out by all the practice
 Oops I spelled it wrong it's ballet LOL. anyway do you ever have stinky shoes? Apparently you can put a tea bag inside and that will help with the stink haha
 I think it can be any kind of tea actually, have you heard about the 5000 year old pair of shoes by the way? Apparently they were tested and it performed better than modern shoes for all tasks
 Yeah maybe he's a good guy. I do like the wide receiver Steve Smith who leaves shoes on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people
 That's interesting, I'll have to try it. Do you know there's Wizard of Oz shoes now with GPS to help you find your way home?
 I wonder why? What kind of shoes were they? While we're on the subject of shoes, did you know Persian cavalry soldiers were the first to wear high heels in the 9th century?
 Hello how are you doing?  Did you know Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
 I am well. That's amazing! Their poor feet! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
 i wonder why,  or why dont they make shoes like before?  Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor.  This actually works,  I use these for my snowboarding boots. 
 I didn't know that! Fashion has often dictated many design elements, such as whether shoes have very high heels or flat ones.
 Nfl wide receiver steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness to homeless people without shoes
 That's really interesting. Some shoes are worn as safety equipment, such as steel-soled boots which are required on construction sites.
 That makes sense. 
 Though the human foot is adapted to varied terrain and climate conditions, it is still vulnerable to environmental hazards such as sharp rocks and temperature extremes, which shoes protect against.
 The design of shoes has varied enormously through time and from culture to culture, with appearance originally being tied to function.
 Do you watch football at all?  The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
 I do. That's great! The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0!
 In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
 That's unbelievable! Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
 Yeah,  Im not sure why that deserves an emmy lol 
 It's a bizarre fact, for sure! Contemporary codes of football can be traced back to the codification of these games at English public schools during the nineteenth century.
 Wow!! Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
 Yeah thats weird.  Its been good talking to you! 
 Agreed. Plus there's not a huge market to take Nike's share. Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor
 I did not know that. I will have to try that. Did you know there are 17 ways to tie your shoes?
 I did not. I only know 2... Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
 That is shocking. I can't even name a professional bowler. Only two african-american quarterbacks have won the super bowl, Doug Williams and Russell Wilson.
 I didn't know that anyone had accomplished that. I wonder how long his career was. Another amazing stat like that, Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself!
 I remember that throw. It was magnificent... The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
 That was a very bad decision on their part. Russell Wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing in a regular season game since 2011. That is very strange. 
 I did know that. The camera pans to her a lot when he plays.The high school football stadium in allen, texas seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build. Apparently Texas is very serious about high school football.  
 HAHAHA. I am sure they had inner beauty! Jon hamm taught acting and one of his students was Erin from the office.
 How you doing tonight?
 Crazy that it is a kids movie but is directed by Eli Roth! He has made some awesome horror movies!
 Yeah I don't know if I would call it a kids movie.  Like a possessed doll would probably scare kids a lot.
 I used to love his books, but he just seems weird now. But some of them make great horror flicks. I heard that it actually burns calories to watch a horror movie.
 Well it has been a good evening chat with you. I may look for a game to watch right now! Maybe some rugby, which is also considered football!!
 Ha Ha !  Awesome!
 It says its factual, yes! I bet it has to do with heart rate increase. Nowadays, I feel like children of all ages are able to watch and see things made for people of any age. Theres this new movie coming out, The house with a clock in its walls. its actually a "tween" horror movie. I think its a good introduction to show to kids so they can get their curiosity out without having them see something they shouldnt. Do you have any children that watch movies of that nature?
 Wow we learn everyday, I have learnt something new today. No but even if I have kids I don't think I'd let them watch a horror movie
 Yeah, exactly and thats what they are promising it will be so I am looking forward to it. I know you said you like action, i do as well. I also like drama, including tv series. Do you like drama at all? I like the show house a lot, have you seen it? Many people must like it because I just found out that Hugh Laurie, the doctor on house, is the highest paid actor for tv drama, racking in about 700,000 per episode!
 the doctor on house ? unbelievable I will go and look for the drama 
 I enjoy football as well. A fun fact.. i think we can both agree that football players make A LOT of money! I read that in the 1960s, professional bowlers made twice as much as football stars! what a different time
 I think soccer makes more but not the NFL i read somewhere that an engineer would make more than a career NFL player isn't that crazy?
 really? i actually didnt know that at all. thats interesting. and they get less hurt and more money?! sounds good AND doable haha. whos your favorite team?
 Nice! i am actually a patriots fan! little fun fact, one of our former patriots running back (benjarvus green-ellis) has never fumbled a football in his nfl career! but the NY Giants are good too,  i cant hate on them :). My family loves european football/soccer, so they follow Polands team. I really enjoy watching the games but iv missed a couple. I just wanted to say its been really geat talking to you! i learned some new things and i hope you did as well. Thank you so much for talking with me! have a great night :)
 wow! they must have been quite embarrassed losing to those numbers!
 I would be more interested if the Patriots weren't in it again. I'm sick of seeing them. It's boring at this point. Did you know that a former Patriots player never fumbled a football his entire career?!
 It would certainly be less hard on your body. I heard that you could make more money in that feld as well which also shocks me. 
 I admire him but I am not a fan.  He is a QB from the Patriots.  I am surprised to know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL.
 I bet they looked the part, too. Did you know that there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL? Kellan Moore. Im surprised. I expected to be more, considering how many lefty pitchers there are in the MLB.
 Nope, I cannot understand latin. Did you  know that the most popular radio acts were ventriloquist? I wonder how they even knew he was one.
 Yeah. Taylor Swift is in fact two inches taller than kanye.
 I agree, I was shocked that the have more viewers than CNN and MSNBC combined. The says something about America.
 Yeah, that is crazy!  or the president of indonesia has 3 pop records. LOL
 He was... how was he involved?
 Yeah... there's a lot us normal citizens have np clue on!
 Quite possible.  Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined so there are a lot of people out there watching them
 I like listening to radio programs, the principle of the radio is so simple that you can build one with a razor blade and a pencil. 
 Well, everyone is entitled to their opinions I guess, even Richard Nixon, but he was not someone who liked the truth, so creating a news network for him is surprising. 
 I like the Simpsons, but I don't think I could watch a channel with nothing but them on it! Lol
 I didn't know that.  I was shocked to find out that former president Richard Nixon had a hand in creating Fox news.
 I know some.  The top 3 wealthiest U.S. presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Yes, I've been once when I was a child on a school trip, years ago and I remember thinking that it was small, even back then.  I've never seen the guest house, though.
 Yes! But also in general. Did you know Trump isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents?
 Presidents all around are surprising. The first president of Zimbabwe was actually president banana
 That would make the White House a Mad House! The US seems to be anti-intellectual about presidents. Only Woodrow Wilson had a PhD, and the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.
 Oh and I'm sure right now is the best representation of that. Although it's the same other places too. The president of Indonesia actually has released pop albums in office, not very presidential.
 Ahah it certainly would be. Maybe they could stay in the guest house instead of the white house. It is bigger after all!
 Nixon, huh? In 2015, the median viewer age  was 68 years old for Fox News. Skewing pretty old and conservative. It's hilarious that Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons. Fox hated the parodying its anti-Democratic party agenda. The Simpsons are Fox!
 It's a powerful presence around the globe.The percentage of airtime on Fox dedicated to opinion is only 55%. for MSNBC, it's 85%. I thought it would the other way around. 
 That's fair though, at least YouTube seems more free. In Canada, all radios have to have at least 40% of all music played be Canadian.
 Very good point. They have a lot of variation on the radio too. In Finland they have a weekly program in Latin.
 Yeah I would like to know more about that. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 Yeah good point. I wonder if fox news ever had a radio show? They once discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
 Because then you could watch whenever you wanted to. Fox News is very popular it's watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Yeah it seems that way. The fox news network was created by Republican media strategic asked Richard ailes and President Richard Nixon.
 Yeah I wish news just inform people of what's going on. Another thing I didn't know is that the gaming website IGN is owned by the corporation who runs Fox news.
 Yeah good point. I didn't know they provide news to 86 countries!
 No, i'm not, Did you think this is most important for everyone?
 I'm not fully about this story, i know a little bit for this story.
 They used a razorblade and a pencil as the diode.  Pretty inventive.
 I did not know that Fox News was so popular, more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Me too, I also did not know that Fox news threatened to sue The Simpsons. Even though it's a comedy cartoon, they took it seriously.
 Yeah, I did not know that those groups were targeting campuses to recruit. 
 It would give him another source of revenue, so he could be the wealthiest president in history,  beating JFK would please him I am sure. 
 HaHaHa! That's a good point! Speaking of a show, it's fun that the President of Indonesia has released three pop albums, while he was President!
 True, but during office! With all his endeavors, I would think he would have been the wealthiest President, but JFK, Washington and Jefferson are the top three. I"m sure that is figuring in inflation etc.
 Where do you get your political news? Fox news seems to have more viewers that CNN or MSNBC.
 Hello! Yes, I am! I am definitely interested in your thoughts about the President and where things are headed. on a lighter note, I learned something interesting today. Did you know that radio station translates solar activity into sound?... mind blown
 Then I say we should start and make a change and enact that in the States in hopes it would make a difference in the world but I cannot be too gullible and fall for that. The change must come with all of us. It's just hard when we are all in our own little world and plans. We should all come together and organize. There are more of us than them haha
 ya it could be! did you know fox news was created by Presdient Nixon and his strategist Richard Ailes?
 Really! That is something I had no clue about....wow! And to think Fox NEWS is watched more than CNN or MSNBC
 ya that is wild, I can't believe they were going to sue the Simpsons, doesn't fox own the Simpsons? would they be suing themselves?
 That's what I thought too, haha very strange! It's like Fox news can't figue out if Sean Hannity is a journalist or not, lol crazy!
 haha that is funny, do you play videogames at all? I do, I didn't know that ign.com which is a videogame website is owned by fox news
 it does seem like that, do you know that Trump isn't in the list of top 3 wealthiest presidents of all time?
 ya I do wonder about that? I wonder if he ever had sean hannity at the guest house, which is apparently somehow bigger than the white house itself
 I bet he has, supposedly the president is pretty close to Hannity. I wonder why the guest house is so big lol makes little sense. 
 haha I agree! either that or find the website that has thousands of classic radio dramas, that sounds good to me!
 Not a huge fan of Fox News. Even more surprising that they're more watched than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Would agree 100%. I'm not a big fan of our president, but Indonesia's president seems cool. I guess that guy released 3 pop albums while in office!
 Hmm, not sure. I think the wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. 
 How interesting. Did you know that in the early 19th century, the runner up of the election became the VP? Imagine a Trump/Clinton duo.
 ya, I watch Fox New and MSNBC sometimes too. Do you?
 ya I will watch Fox news sometimes, I guess it is watched more than msnbc and cnn combined
 ya it was started by Richard Ailes and Also Richard Nixon apparently
 ya I like ign I didnt know that, very silly fox was going to sue the simpsons to stop them from making fun of them, like doesnt fox own the simpsons and also fox news
 om studios at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in New York City. Fox N
 did you know that JFK was one of the three wealthiest Presidents in history? Washington and Jefferson were the other two.
 Agreed.  I didn't realize Indonesia was a country, thought it was just a grouping of countries.
 I don't know any Geography.  I heard the the guest house of the US President is bigger than the actual White House.
 Yes, I wonder how we can become guests.  I like that the vp was the runner up, that's the way it should be now.
 I don't watch much tv.  Do you know any dicator's called "president"?
 Yes, a surprise.  The prepresident seems to be a common way of governoring.
 Hi...do you listen to the radio?
 Is that where the term Banana Republic comes from?  I see that in Guatemala they don't allow family of presidents to run, that would end both the Clinton's and Bush's
 Maybe Justin Beider could run for President here, although he's Canadian isn't he?  Maybe Justin Timberlake? We could do Presidential elections the way American Idol does.
 I can't see that working now, we'd have Trump and Clinton, I can't see that being a good working relationship.
 Lol could you imagine that! Fox news sure would go crazy over that. They actually once talked about creating a cable channel only airing the simpsons!
 Yeah so repetitive. Fox news is a popular one though, watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.
 I guess there's one for Jupiter and one for solar activity.  Whichever, I can't see many advertiser wanting to be on them.  The other one I heard about was ventriloquism on the radio!
 no the only ones I can think of are Justin Bieber and Celine Dion, sounds kind of horrible up there haha
 Have you heard about radios in WWII? In desperate times soldiers were able to make radios out of pencils and razorblades.
 no I didn't I'll have to check that out, do you watch fox news? I guess they get more views than MSN and CNN combined
 no I don't have cable so I don't watch any of it, but I do use the website ign.com, apparently fox news owns that haha
 the other crazy thing about fox news is that one of its creators was Richard Nixon, I don't know about that haha
 I did not know that Laura Ingraham was considered for white House Press Secretary.  it seems she would make more money and be better off with her talk shows.
 Well she is on Fox news which is apparently watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 i'm glad to hear that.  I know leftist liberals cringe at FOX News but they do provide a fair analysis of stories that are not really partisan.  Some definintely are.  Fox contemplated creating a channel just for the Simpsons alone.
 yes, that's why Fox News is so popular if you ask me.  I like Bill Clinton, but Hillary is another story.  Wasn't Richard Nixon a democrat?  Fox News was created by him and Richard Ailes..
 Right...  i should have known that.  The White House's guest house is bigger than the WH itself.  funny...
 Well maybe one of them could work on making a pop album instead like the President of Indonesia did who actually released three!
 Yes radio is still a strong medium though I don't know if I could handle a news program entirely in Latin like 'Nuntuu Latini' which is broadcast in Finland.
 I'd rather tune into AM and listen to the radio storms from Jupoiter.  Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up here on Earth on AM radio.
 agree.  crazy how much they can compress into radio waves now.  soon 5G will be able to transmit at Gigabit speeds over the air.  In Canada they have to play 40%of the music that is Canadian.  by law...
 ya I think thats what happened, do you think its weird that the president of zimbabwe is named president banana?
 ya good question, I think he should pull a President of Indonesia and make some pop albums while in office haha
 I do sometimes ya, did you hear you can pick up Jupiter radio storms on your AM radio?
 I guess they used pencils and razorblades to make foxhole radios, seems crazy to me!
 I havent but I heard that they are required to play 40% canadian content, sounds horrible to me haha
 Yes, that's right. Some of the young people feel like their voices are being left out because of their political views.
 Yep I could see that. And yes apparently a gunman killed 17 people in South Florida. I can see how that would really shake a community and that you would want to do a March for that reason
 A conservative student thought that he wasn't chosen because he speaks more calmly, and because he is not anti gun.
 Yeah I don't really listen to the radio either. I mostly listen to YouTube when I'm in the car. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storm? And that you can actually listen to them on your AM radio? Maybe I'll do that on my next road trip hahaha
 Haha, sounds fun. It doesn't appeal to me to listen to classic radio dramas but if that is your thing there is a Finnish radio station that broadcasts a weekly program in classical Latin.
 Yes it is, they would use it in World War II, it was made out of a pencil and a razor blade. Don't ask me how that's possible though haha
 I know, right, such ingenuity. In Canada all radios have to play at least 40 percent of music that is Canadian in origin. I didn't even know there was that much Canadian music....no offense, if you are Canadian!
 Well I'd feel rich enough if I was ever invited to be a guest in the white house's guest house! It's bigger than the white house!
 Exactly. Did you watch any election news on Fox News?
 I have seen Fox News before. What I didn't know is that they own this website I visit all the time. The website is ign.com. That's definitely a shock to me because it's a video game website
 The first NFL playoff in 1932 took place on an 80-yard long dirt field. Not exactly regulation size.
 Thats funny and also makes a lot of sense, the Pats have dominated the league for a while now. 
 I agree.  Even though the NFL is so rich, an average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than an average nfl player.
 Happy holiday.  No, I did not know about that Jupiter radio storm.  But it was an amazing incident
 For that one, I am not so sure.  Did you know that soldiers in WWI used razorblade and pencils to make simple radios
 Haha yes he did. I think that's really awkward, I can't believe Chris Gronkowski actually brought that up on the radio LOL
 Haha. Speaking of radios, did you know that canadian radios must play at least 40% canadian music? 
 I did not. Interesting. A finnish radio station in 1989 conducted a news program entirely in classical latin. I wonder how many people could understand that!
 I have not although I should try that out. The author of game of thrones called the new england patriots the lannisters of the NFL. I wonder why
 Well if you've ever seen the show, you would know that the Lannisters are the bad guys so I take it he does not like the Patriots LOL
 Yep I agree, I miss the days before corporate sponsors ruined all of the stadium names LOL. I never knew that the Patriots were in the AFC Conference though
 That is funny but also sad. Did you know that the NFL actually does not have a policy against female players though
 Really? I guess no feminists can complain there! The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action. I wonder why it is cherished by so many!
 Yeah I wondered about that too. I personally think that football is really boring haha. Did you know that an engineer will make more over their lifetime than a NFL player
 Furthermore, a professional bowler could earn twice the amount that an NFL player does back in the 1980s!
 Haha maybe right about that. I'm just shocked that they put tracking chips on the players on the field, I don't know how it would help to know how fast a ball is rotating LOL
 I guess it tracks how much the players run in a game or something. I wonder how they got the chip inside the football to track its velocity!
 Agreed! But people get so passionate about football which is funny because the average game only has 11 minutes of play time! Poeple spend way more time researching and talking about it. 
 That's pretty smart!! i didn't know footballs had them as well, must make coaching and planning plays much better and easier. 
 I agree!! Do you watch football? I hate the Patriots as a team but i do love game of thrones. It's funny that the author calls them the lannisters of the nfl. 
 Really! That's insane!Did you know that air jordans were banned when they were introduced to the NBA? 
 That is a lot of money! Speaking of money, a person called Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement which is worth $32 million by today!
 only five years? That is pretty quick. Did you know that Physicists have proved that the Granny style is the best technique when shooting?
 I do watch some baseball. Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are allowed to play for their team. I believe that that is the only sport that allows that!
 That is pretty sad. Physicists have proven that Granny shots are more effective than regular ones!
 That's very interesting! Tell you something else that's crazy in baseball, approximately 160,000 baseballs are used in a typical season. That's a lot of balls!
 That is a lot! A very lucky person found 3 million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards. Now that is what you call a lot of luck!
 No kidding. I need to go on a hunt for baseball cards, then. Ha! Wonder if they found any from when the Cubs won back to back World Series. It's crazy they haven't won another world series since then!
 Yeah... this past superbowl was aweful though!  So who is your NBA team?
 Oh right... i forgot about that team!
 That is crazy... and one of the easiest sports if you ask me?
 Hello! Do you watch football at all?
 Yeah very surprising. The NFL also tracks its players with chips in the shoulder pad and the ball even too!
 Yes I think the ball is tracked in terms of velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
 That's cool. Wonder what they use that info for? I would love to see a girl play at some point since it is allowed!
 Yep every once in a while. I always found it odd that the raptors are the only canadian team.
 I do too. My favorite player was Tim Duncan. He sacrificed money and fame by getting his degree first!
 Not shabby at all! Air Jordan's were once banned in the NBA. I wonder how much money he lost on that one.
 Well they have a bunch of money to cover it haha. I didn't know baseball was so popular in Japan.
 Yeah I remember Ichiro was extremely popular when he started. I also didn't realize baseball cards were worth so much!
 I couldn't imagine what ones were in that collection. That's about as cool as one married couple scheduling all the baseball games until 2005.
 Yeah that is extreme! Soccer baseball is what Canadians call kickball. Kind of makes sense.
 That makes total sense! Well have a good one!
 Yes I agree such a funny thing to hear! In Canada, baseball-soccer refers to what we call kickball!
 Yeah, lots of burned time. Did you know the NFL has no rules against female players?
 Yes that should not be allowed. One cool thing the NFL does though is use tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to track movements on the field.
 Oh geez that would be such an annoying session. Can you imagine being the audio engineer on that project. It might not be worth it.
 It would be the one thing that would unite the world. It would be a glowing contribute to world peace for them all. 
 Hard to believe him being the most popular. Pokemon was very heavily played as well with 750 episodes!
 I know that's about 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight!
 I guess treating guests nice is important. The president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office LOL.
 Well it paid off for him it seems. Out of the 10 most successful songs of all time only Kanye West's Golddigger is in a minor key.
 Good, we have that in common.  I did want to say that it is very interesting that the coaches wear uniforms because if needed they can play!!!!
 Even crazier, if they have tracking chips inside the balls, how do they get so many calls wrong?
 I read where Ringo has narrated 52 episodes of Thomas the tank engine,
 I am surprised. I would not think Alec Baldwin would do Thomas the tank engine.
 No. I had never heard that before. That is interesting.
 Yes. That is something that I never would have thought.
 I love that 70s show. It must not have been very well received in the UK.
 Yeah you might be onto something. No I have never seen that episode and I actually didn't even know there was an episode where Bart never appeared.
 Oh interesting. Well I thought it was OK but you have to like that sort of thing. Now I like watching movies on the Internet. There is even Internet capabilities on the top of Mount Everest.
 Ha ha that is hilarious Very cool you have a barn. Yeah I would like to know who invented that as well. The Internet is actually addictive and can cause real measurable changes in the brain.
 Yeah nice to know they have a copy. Only 7% of people read the full terms when buying stuff online. I am definitely guilty of not reading it.
 I don't know, lol. They have a fantastic McDonalds there, it has a shark tank in the seating area. I don't think they have a drive-thru though.
 Holy cow are you kidding me. That is amazing. Yeah it must've been so revolutionary when McDonald's out of the drive-through back in 1975.Was nice speaking with you today have a nice one.
 I can't believe he asked for a 6 month eviction. Even by Illinois Standards, that's a lot!
 I had no idea about fantasy congress, it is actually pretty funny to me. I didn't play fantasy football this year.
 This thing about Tom Brady being a backup who never played on a JV team that didn't score a touchdown is pretty surprising, too.
 Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women playing in the league?
 I think that is great. I am not sure most would be able to meet the requirements but it still nice to know it is an option. Better than just being a cheerleader. New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave the restaurant if a football player shows up
 I have heard most teams have similar rules.
 I learned that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL
 The player I know of is Kellan Moore. And did you know a deaf quarterback invented the huddle?
 I've heard of Kellan Moore. I had seen the huddle came about because they didn't want the other team to see the play calling.
 What a great history. Speaking of history there was a high school that had a terrible record and never won or even scored a touchdown and refused to start their backup quarterback. That backup was Tom Brady.
 Very interesting. I had heard Brady was un-drafted in the NFL. Crazy he has 6 Super Bowl wins now.
 I had no idea lol. I guess you can do fantasy on pretty much anything!
 There is even a fantasy Congress and you get points based off legislative success. I would be terrible at creating that team.
 Very funny. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.
 No, I do not think I have a deep enough understanding of any sport to create a team. I probably could write a fantasy novel though, but nowhere near as long as the 15,000 page manuscript created by a janitor in Chicago.
 That was a crazy playoff game the Eagles and Bears had, I thought we were getting knocked out for sure!
 I know that fans wanted to sue the NFL over that decision. If it happened to the Eagles I don't know if I would ever get over it.
 Yeah, it's interesting how the NFL has evolved. Did you know that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback?
 Yeah, and he didn't want the other team to be able to read his signs.
 Right. I wonder why that is. Another crazy thing is Tom Brady was a backup quarter back and his coach refused to start him even though they were losing.
 Yes, he is a wide receiver who has the fifth fasted speed among NFL ball carriers. He goes 21.64 miles per hour. That's pretty fast!
 That's an interesting bit of history! Tyreek Hill might make history but some people think he is rated higher than he should be. They think opposing NFL teams will adapt to what is working for Hill.
 Yeah, I'm not sure if he will continue to succeed. However, it wouldn't be the end of the world if he didn't play in the NFL anymore. It turns out that there are other professions that pay more than the NFL. Engineers have higher lifetime earnings than NFL players, on average.
 Ha, that is true! What Alex Smith did was smart. He got his bachelor's degree in two years and started on his master's degree before becoming the number one pick for the 2005 nfl draft.
 Interesting! I'm sure there is a high degree of analytics that go on behind the scenes then. 
 Yeah some women can be really good at it. I play a lot of Fantasy with other girls in my league
 they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
 Yeah I heard about that on my team. This year I drafted Tyreek Hill and he was one of my best players
 Yes, most paid in all us department of defense employees.
 Wow! That is something else! Did you know a high school football stadium in TX seats 18,000!
 Yeah, that's it!  A funny little way to try and psyche out your opponents, I think.  They did a study once wher ethey painted a weight room pink and found the lifters couldn't lift as much weight as normal.  
 None in particular.. more familiar with certain players than I am teams.  For instance, I admire how former patriot qb Benjarvus has NEVER fumbled the ball in his entire NFL career.  That takes a  lot of skill!  
 Pity Cumberland didn't have him on their team when they played Georgia TEch back in 1916.  They lost that game 222 to ZERO.  TWO  HUNDRED AND TWENTY-TWO.  Either GT was REALLY good or someone just wasn't trying that day!  
 Oh, that's neat!  Yeah, football is pretty popular these days, even though it's been going through a bit of a slump with all the latest controversies.  Did you know at one point though, bowlers made more than football stars?  Find that hard to believe.  
 You know actor Michael Caine?  They say he became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class. 
 Speaking of celebs, wonder what's up with Jim Carrey.  I've heard his new "belief system" prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.  Did he convert to something I wonder, or is it just a personal belief system?
 Nice. Yes I do as well, I think it is entertaining. I have also watched Aussie rules once but it is too confusing for me. Hard to believe that professional bowlers used to make more than football stars back in the 60's.
 That's true good point. Now the footballers are cashing out. Hard to believe that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. What a killing.
 Yeah maybe so. most NFL players are regarded as celebrities these days. They get a lot of public attention. maybe too much.
 Seems like it would be cool to see, I bet lots of celebrities have been in there. Apparently the highest paid celebrity is Lebron James, then judge judy in second.
 It is so crazy how many types of "football" there are
 I know, they all make a ridiculous amount of money. Too much for any one person. I can't believe people pay $3000 for one ticket to the Superbowl. 
 I like to watch TV and movies. I like things that make me laugh. The movie Liar Liar cracked me up when I was little. I was surprised to learn that Jim Carey won't play in dramas anymore because of his beliefs about positivity in the universe and stuff
 I guess you never know. Have you heard about the celebrity chef from Ethiopia, believes he can fight hunger in Ethiopia by encouraging people to eat more diverse food?
 Celebrities really could do so much more! I mean Hugh Laurie made $700,000 per episode in house. that is just unfathomable.
 yeah and judge judy makes like $123k and episode
 I wonder if either of them have been on sesame street like carol burnett
 I did, and I heard they won an Emmy for it!
 Yep, in 1916 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad. I wonder if that was when they learned the triple option offense?
 I wonder why none have tried to play?
 I respect that, he just wants to project positive energy. I like his comedies alot more than his dramas.
 Did you know that Pixar has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities?
 There's a subway for congress to move between the capitol and their offices. I had no idea.
 Really? That is interesting. I have heard they have a fantasy congress kinda like fantasy football!
 Exactly! learn a lot probably. I heard on the TV that the US congress plays baseball, haha...
 That's a weird sport for them to choose. I would think basketball...
 If they are a woman, they just got the right to wear pants in the 90s...
 I do watch TV but not politics. I find it crazy that there are a lot of pokemon episodes beyond my expectation.
 Congress can be interesting. Like them all being older and still playing in the annual dems v reps baseball game.
 Well I guess if they wanted to make thing interesting they can do like indonesias president and release 3 pop albums while in office.
 I do. I find the Simpsons to be a funny show to help unwind. hard to believe after all those episode Bart is only excluded from one.
 Ah, yeah. How could I forget her. I've only been to Canada twice, have you been? 
 That's cool.  I heard that Jupiterhas radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
 No, that would not be a good match, infact. I totally agree with you on that.
 I have never heard of that, hmmm? That must be in the small print. It must be because smoking is a biohazard of sorts.
 Oh yeah the foxhole radios? I need to look that up on my computer! Speaking of computers did you know that smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty as it makes it a biohazard?
 Yes I would like to know that as well. You ever heard of transhumanists? It is a group of people who want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks!
 Yes that's a good theory. I think you could be right. I didn't know that simple devices like microwave ovens and remote controls were considered computer devices!
 True yes. Someone even built a working computer using the basic minecraft building blocks. It was only a 16-bit computer though but still!
 No I could never! Yes they are so smart with tech! The space shuttles general purpose computer only runs on 1mb of Ram! 
 Thanks for you, how much do you know about computers
 Did you know that a pc can receive instructions to perform sequences of arithmetic operations?
 Well, a calculator can do that too (which is also a computer) haha!  It blows my mind that our modern computers contain 200+mb of RAM while the space shuttle's computer only runs on 1mb
 If so, incredible. Now let's talk about politics tell me what party do you support
 If so, I think that it should focus on the most needy American families and on generating jobs in the suburbs and I think we've ended up friend
 Its really something that they could build a computer from minecraft building blocks.
 Yes. I had read that somewhere.
 That is a surprise
 No, but that is impressive! Back in 1936 a computer that ran on water was built by the Russians. Sounds like they were ahead of their time!
 That is insane! How do they think their minds can be uploaded to a memory stick? 
 No I'm not either, so no idea. I thought the space shuttle computer was heftier than it is, but it only runs on 1 mb of ram.
 I do, all of the time. It's hard to believe someone created a computer that can be instructed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically via programming. 
 That is pretty forward thinking for the time. I know smoking by an apple computer voids the warranty by making it a bio hazzard.
 They sure have. Someone has built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.
 That is crazy, must require a lot of skill, building a computer out of minecraft blocks
 It sure isn't. I find it odd that trans humanists want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks.
 Yes, I agree. It's crazy what people think.
 A computer that ran on water!? That is amazing! It is crazy how far computers have come in such a short amount of time. 
 I'm great thank you. I love going to games myself. Did you know Jabbar's dunk was banned in college for 10 years?
 I have no idea what style of dunk it was. In 39 of 50 states, the top paid state employee is either a college basketball or football coach.
 Yes, I heard that too! interesting. Did you know both basketball and volleyball were invented by the YMCA? Love them both!
 Oh wow I didn't know that. I also love them both. 
 I didn't know that Shaq only had one recorded 3pt score throughout his whole career? I remember him when he played for the Orlando Magic!! Use to go to those games too!
 Wow I didn't know that either. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall Blacks.
 Really, I didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team? Not sure if that name is PC in the US?
 I bet that name wouldn't fly here in the US. The Supreme Court has a basketball court on their top floor.
 Very clever name for the court. Did you know Reggie Miller had a sister who was better at basketball than he was?
 No really, was she tall? Talented family for sure!!
 Not too sure how tall she is. Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA, but Jordan still wore them and Nike paid his fines.
 For sure. I find that hard to believe he's the only one with a PHD!
 Yeah, right? Its too bad that Wilkes Booth had to be in the first photo taken at an inauguration with Lincoln!
 They are Named the tall blacks which in hind site is a bit racist.
 So how do you feel about Trump?
 did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 of most wealthy Presidents? That is crazy haha
 ah interesting, I know the president of indonesia made 3 pop records, that would be awesome to be in the white house when trump was making a record album haha
 I know, where does he find the time to record albums?
 ya who knows maybe that's his favorite food, I also can't believe the NBA banned the dunk for a while after Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was too dominant with it
 ya I agree, did you know there is a basketball court at the top of the supreme court building?
 ya I love how they broke some regulation, and Nike just paid the fee to have Michael Jordan keep wearing them haha
 yes I miss those days, I liked basketball as a kid but now I don't care, very wild that Reebok pays Allen Iverson 800k a year for his sponsorship, thats a ton of money
 That's an insane amount of money, personally I didn't even know he had a pair of shoes. 
 haha I didn't either, but good for him he will also get 32 million dollars as a bonus when he gets to be 55, crazy!
 oh ya I agree, very silly that they tried to ban the dunk for over a decade, Kareem was too good with it!
 I know right, but ya in New Zealand they have a team nicknamed the "tall blacks" don't think that would fly in the USA haha
 haha yes and its called the "highest court in the land", they should televise some games from up there haha
 lol I would watch that, kind of sad that in about 40 states teh top paid public emplyee is a basketball or a football coach
 haha nope its JFK, washington and Jefferson, I guess they accounted for inflation but ya trump is not top 3!
 Thats hard to believe, the guy has a guest house thats larger than the white house, how can he not be on the list!!
 I know right! would you vote for a guy whose last name is banana, that is the real president of Zimbabwe, President Banana!
 True. Speaking of wealth, Trump isn't even the top 3 richest presidents. That was JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Who knew!?!?!
 That is a major shock!  I never imagined Washington as being wealthy. He was just a general before president.
 He probably was not like our first president.  You know, that is odd that the white house is smaller, especially when you realize how wealthy washington was.
 ah yes, did you see the one episode where bart neither is talked about nor appears?
 that's true, do you watch South Park, I loved that episode where they roasted family guy and the simpsons crew sent them flowers afterwards
 thats cool, I loved the Pokemon series as a kid, apparently they have over 750 episodes now
 that makes sense, have you seen Thomas the Tank though? I guess George Carlin did the narrator voice for a bit
 ya I liked that about it, but they tried to remake it in the UK, it got cancelled after only 10 episodes haha
 nope I don't like facebook much, its funny how its colors are blue because the creator was colorblind
 yup I agree, and ya myspace turned down buying facebook for only 75 mil back in the day, they must be pretty upset now
 ya I have a Jetta, I just lease it, can't believe the first car was inveted over 100 years ago
 ah yes I heard about that, he also wouldn't have predicted itd be illegal to warm your car up in Ohio before you get in haha
 ah yes that is a good point, hopefully when you're driving you didnt have a Google self driving car set to "agressive" mode haha
 no but that is awesome! also Its a good tip to know that the arrow on your gas guage in your car points to what side the gas cap is on
 Yes, I learned that a couple years ago and it has been so helpful! I don't know if it's the gas gauge or the light that tells you you're low on gas, I always thought it was the light that tells you you're low on gas. At least that's what I've used! But the drawback is that you only have that information when you're low and the light shows up!
 That would be so lucky! You'd probably become very wealthy if that happened. I think it's interesting that while most celebrities have both fame AND fortune, many are actually pretty broke. Did you know Michael Jackson was almost $0.5 billion in debt when he died?
 wow I didn't know that, and ya celebrities are weird, I guess the youtube celeb Jenna Marble makes about 300k annually just from Youtube
 wow that is impressive still though! I do love John Cena, he has the make-a-wish record of 400 visits, he doesn't do it for the money
 It's a rally that was held in Washington DC to raise awareness for victims of gun violence, as it's becoming a national emergency in the United States.
 It's actually March For Our Lives, but yes, it's a rather powerful organization. Jennifer Hudson, the celebrity I mentioned before, has had three of her family members killed by guns.
 Wouldn't be as fun as Indonesia, where the president has a decent pop career and three albums.
 That is pretty good pay, but how often do they make episodes?
 Kids and gangs will always find a way to subvert the norms.  they must have looked kind of odd and immobile, not the best thing for a gang member I would have thought. 
 That is surprising to me. When you're a president you get to live in luxury. But did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?
 No, I didn't know that.  I did know that the President Banana was what they called the first President of Zimbabwe. 
 I wonder why they would call him that. Apparently being president could be good for your music career. The president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office
 I wonder if Trump sings, lol. I think we should go back to when the runner up for President was automatically the Vice President.  
 Wow, that would be very interesting. People would be forced to get along somewhat.
 That seems really helpful to new authors.
 Yes, I think that is great.  I think it is good that there are more libraries than Mcdonald's in the US.  
 In Sacramento you can check out more than books, even sewing machines.
 Really, that is cool.  Are you a Tv fan.  I am a huge tv and movie buff.  Did you know that there is only one episode that Bart Simpson did not appear in or is mentioned. 
 No, I had not heard that. I wonder why they decided to omit him. Are you into Pokemon? Apparently there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 Sometimes when a show is good they try to remake it. They tried to redo that 70s show in the UK, verbatim, and it only lasted ten episodes
 Guess they like different things over there.  I heard the Simpsons crew send the producers of South Park flowers when they aired its Family Guy episode finale. 
 We have come a long way from those large cathode tube tvs
 I cannot imagine the current state if that happened. The guest house is bigger than the white house!
 Well, he's not that special then is he?  He might not be on the wealthiest president list.
 I wouldn't doubt it. Google is some of the wealthiest businessman and they prefer dogs to cats. Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company.
 They should have a commercial for dog blood drives. There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have and they accept donations from other dogs.
 That is great that so many people use the library! It is interesting because there are tons of history books in the library but if the earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds!
 That's insane humans have been around for such a short time and our accomplishments in that time were over 750 episodes of pokemon lol
 Isn't it amazing? Some Pokemon are kind of like Aliens. In 2010 the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they make contact.
 I would hope they would enjoy it, otherwise it might end up like a horror movie. If I watched that film I could burn up to 180 calories.
 I bet they do. The first president was named president banana in Zimbabwe.
 That is crazy. Well, there is technology that can detect that with radio waves or electromagnetic energy.
 That is interesting. They named them foxhole radios.
 Plus, they are free!
 Well, that makes sense. They have to keep their culture and heritage alive.
 Oh nice. Well have you heard the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. No defense for Cumberland in that game!
 Yeah I would feel bad too. Bad sportsmanship. Isn't it odd that pro bowlers used to make more money than pro football players in the 1960's!
 True. Fantasy football is huge. They also have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!
 Yea it would be funny. The fantasy genre is popular too. A janitor from Chicago wrote over six years a 15, 145 page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor pictures!
 Yeah I agree I think he deserved it! I think many NFL players are big celebrities. I think it's surprising there is only one left handed QB in the NFL.
 Yeah that's a good point. Must not be an advantage. The circular huddle was originally developed for a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't read his hand signals. Now everyone uses them!
 Same here! Voters in North Virginia seemed to really support Hilary 2 years ago.
 And it was named after a major ideology of the american revolution.
 If mormons have beards than probably! Did not know mormons are heavily republican.
 I didnt know that but if people play fantasy spelling bee I guess anything is possible, 
 I am still so amazed that Jupiter's radio storms can be heard on an AM radio.  Radios can be made with razor blades and pencils.  We can reach the stars with so little resources!
 LOL yep if only she didn't shave that beard haha. Interesting that Ayn Rand was on Social Security and also Medicare. I know that the Tea Party is mostly against those things
 It does seem longer doesn't it? I thought that it was always like that even when I was a kid haha. I also didn't know that Republicans and Democrats play in annual baseball games. They've been doing that since 1909
 I think overall the Republicans are leading by three wins. That's over a long time though LOL. Another interesting thing is that Richard Nixon was considering to propose a law to guarantee a minimum income
 Oh what is the fact? One fact that I know is that the last US president and only one to have a Ph.D is Woodward Wilson.
 Haha poor Dumbo indeed. one thing I like about Guatemala is that relatives of former president cannot become the president. I think that's a good law that we should have that here
 Probably not often. Did you know the highest ever football score was 222 and the other team scored 0. That must have been a very uneven match.. 
 I agree because this one seats 18,000 and they spent $60M to build
 Fun fact that bowlers in the 1960s made more than football players
 This is the first I heard of him, but he must be fantastic to receive such recognition. And all it takes is one fold in the brain that makes the difference between his stories and reality.
 Definitely could be. Someone who would be smart enough to tell would be quarterback Alex Smith. He took so many AP tests in high school that he received his degree in two years and began working on his Master's by the time he was drafted in the NFL.
 I agree. Most players are talented but do not last long. Unlike Benjarvus Green Ellis who has never fumbled the football in his entire NFL career.
 He would not have lost 222-0
 Just a fun fact to end with. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down. Keep learning fun facts. Thanks! Bye.
 Wow, 222-0 who loses by that much, I bet it was a boring game,
 Yes!  He is amazing - he never fumbles!
 Certainly not most quarterbacks - not even the amazing Tom Brady
 Nope - the team lost every game and failed to score even a single touchdown all season!
 His numbers were well beyond the rookie record. The Texans have a good one. I am not sure about Jimmy though. His injury looked bad!
 222 to 0.  Were the Cumberland  players awake at all?
 The New York Jets and Miami Dolphins also had the scheduled off-week.
 Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football are other variants!
 Yes.     He may even earn more then the 1960's top bowlers, who made twice as much as top football stars of the era.
 Snoop.    He should work for ESPN and he might win an emmy too!
 No problem.   Various media, including film, television, graphic novels and video games are similar.
 More than President banana of Zimbabwe I am sure.
 That is really crazy to me. So is the fact that there is fantasy Congress. don't these people have anything better to do haha
 Yep I like Brady 2. Alex Smith is a genius he got his bachelor's degree in about 2 years, that's amazing! And he was working on his master's degree apparently before the NFL picked him up
 No, I had no idea, those courses must be pretty fun and interesting to take!
 Yes I have played fantasy football in the past. i am surprised they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!
 Yes he is. He took a bunch of AP classes in high school and got his degree in 2 years!
 Yeah he is pretty good. He was really good at Halo 3 in college.
 Yes I agree. Tom Brady is also one of the greats. He didn't even start as a JV player in high school!
 I agree. The highest scoring game ever was 222 to Zero! I feel like that would get boring with the one team scoring over and over again. 
 I know right! It's crazy that the score could get that high. I can't believe Cumberland lost that badly, all of their fans must have felt horrible that day LOL
 Seriously! It was way back in 1916, but I bet people talked about it for a long time afterwards. 
 I didn't realize they gave Emmy's for such things but I agree it's a great invention! There are so many different kinds of football, it depends where you're located. 
 I was impressed by Nick Foles last year! Apparently there is only one left handed quarterback
 He makes a lot of money. Hard to believe bowlers used to make more than NFL players!
 That's pretty neat! One of the college QBs thought about quitting football to play video games competitively. 
 Yup. He says he can beat anyone at the university at that game!
 Very true! There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. 
 And there is one quarter back that wanted to quit football to be a professional video gamer. I think he made the right choice.
 I don't know a lot about football but I do know how they huddle in a circle. That was created from a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals.
 That was really smart! Tom Brady's highschool refused to start him in any game even though they never won. I guess he showed them!
 Wow. That sometimes happens to the best players. Other players like Alex Smith worked so hard in high school that he earned his bachelors degree in 2 years.
 And he was working towards his Master's before he was drafted, too!
 I agree. It would take a lot of dedication kind of like the janitor that wrote a 15000 page fantasy.
 With 300 illustrations! I wonder when he had time to write all that.
 And to think just a single fold in the brain is the reason why we can differentiate fantasy from reality.
 That's pretty amazing. Fantasy, as a genre of fiction is identified by not having anything to do with the real world. 
 Not really into politics but I find it interesting that the president of indonesi has released 3 pop albums.
 Wow, can you imagine that happening here?  Our president is already so wealthy, but the top 3 wealthiest presidents were actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I never would have guessed.
 I also had no idea jefferson and washinton were on the top 3 list. how about this....The 1st president of Zimbabwe was called president banana..ha
 I never knew that..wow
 Also, in the beginning of the states there weren't different political parties.  
 That is interesting as well! how about this..the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house.
 That does seem a little backwards, doesn't it.  And the white house is huge.
 I thought we still did red for republic blue for democrat?? Did you know that There hasn't been a us president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853?
 That's interesting, and every US president that had a beard was a republican.
 That was a long time ago, wow.  It is interesting how in the 60's the southern states became more republican and the NE states more democratic.
 true. how about this..there is a website where you can hear all classic radio drama fro free. I think this is good to know since my mom is legally blind.
 Wow, so is my dad.  That is good to know.I might even check them out myself.
 Hello, are you a gamer? I am and find it very interesting that Baker Mayfield once thought of quitting football, to become a full time gamer. How crazy is that?
 That is crazy, I wonder how they pick who is going to win out of all of those kids? Have you heard of the fantasy Congress?
 I watch it when one of my kids have it on. I learned that Kellan Moore is the only lefty quarterback, I only remember that because I'm a lefty too.
 I heard about him. I wonder if it is a good or bad thing for his team. I just found out that the huddle was created by a guy who was deaf. He was a quarterback and didn't want the other team to see his hand signals. Genius!
 Yep, my kid is a senior and has not taken that many AP courses. I can't even imagine entering college as a junior. 
 My kid has taken a few, he's lazy though, lol. In the 60's bowlers made twice as much as football players. I cant imagine a bowling superstar.
 They used to make really good money. Is it bad that the Iowa locker room for the opposing team is painted in pink. 
 I probably do, as I am into fantasy. I didn't know that American football was called gridiron football. 
 I did not. Sounds like a weird thing to win an emmy for.
 Why didn't they stop the game? I guess that's like that high school in Texas, that had one season without a win or even a touchdown...yet, they wouldn't put their backup quarterback in.
 That's strange. Kellen Moore is the only left handed QB.
 I know.  I don't even know who he is?  lol
 Me too but that seems like a really low bar for an emmy...
 I love football, what about you?
 That's crazy they made more. Bowling has definitely gone downhill since then.
 Wow - that's very high! What a boring game.
 Did you know Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career?
 Yea he was very talented. I find it funny Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink.
 I agree haha. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?
 Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the league right now?
 Yes it's easy to overlook those people. Yes for the spelling bee. It's amazing what they will do fantasy leagues for. Fantasy congress also exists. 
 I love politics, I'll have to look into that one. Have you ever won? I came close last year with Russel Wilson, who is STILL under a major league contract.
 No, I also came closest last year. I was in first or second place all year and then it fell apart in the playoffs. Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more money than top football players?!
 No what was it?
 It was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!
 Did you know that in his time with the Patriots he never fumbled a football?! That's incredible! 
 Yeah I wonder. It's amazing how much interest in football has grown since then. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
 Haha, probably! Yeah, bowling is a lot easier for me to follow but incredibly boring. Haha.
 Yeah, me either, haha. Some people are really serious about it and dive deep into the stats.
 Oh, sorry to hear that. We played commercial bingo this year for cash. Have you tried that? Speaking of Super Bowls, 4 time Super Bowl champion Tom Brady wasn't started by his high school coach even though they had a terrible season. Lucky for him that he stuck to it.
 No I didn't know that, they shoudl give that guy a bonus, also weird that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
 ya I wondering if that is an advantage, I bet it is especially for running different kinds of plays, I think it's cool that the circle huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so that other teams couldn't read his hand signs
 what that is really weird, see I don't watch sports but I do follow politics so maybe I should get into that, people even fantasy draft the national spelling bee, people will fantasy draft anything I guess haha
 Ya, can you imagine a fantasy league and predicting the score of the highest scoring football game ever? Apparently it was 222-0 haha
 Yeah, they are not the party of Lincoln like they claim.  Although, Richard Nixon did propose a guaranteed minimum income.  
 Yes for sure.  I find it funny that Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride because he did not want to be associated with the Republicans!
 That is really funny!  Lincoln was the first president to be photographed and john wilkes booth was in the photo...wow!
 Wow that is crazy!   It fits though - every US president who has had a beard was a Republican!
 I am not sure about an orange beard!  He might look like the first president of zimbabwe who was called president banana!
 Cowboys all the way! You know that everything is bigger in Texas. There is a high school football stadium in Allen, TX that seats 18,000 and cost $60 mil to build!
 Listen, high school football is no joke. Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. Talk about connections!
 OMG, really? $50,000 in the Football stadiums? 
 Yes! Betsy Ross is probably turning over in her grave! Especially if she knew that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams in the U.S.
 Wow, that's unbelievable. I never knew the flags cost that much. Well nice chatting with you! 
 I am a fan.  I do fantasy football.  I saw that the National spelling bee is a fantasy draft.  Crazy.
 Points are based on Legislative success.
 Sorry, yes, Fantasy.  Going back to Fooball, I heard awhile back that the University of Iowa have an all pink visitor locker room.  How funny.
 Oh my God, what an Ass whipping.  Benjarvus Green-ellis, former Payriots running back has never fumbled the football.
 Yes they did.  So did my Panthers.  I saw that when Tom Brady was in high school, he was a backup Quarterback.
 Newton was hurt all those games he played.  Speaking of playing, Brady couldn't even get in the games in HS even though his high school recorded a historically bad season.
 That coach must not be very good, lol.  In the whole NFL, Kellan Moore is the only left handed Quarterback.
 I agree. I can't believe people do fantasy congress. That is just funny.
 Wow that's very interesting. Very fragile brains. Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature.
 Oh wow! I wouldn't mind being Knighted! It's sounds so cool to me!
 That does sound pretty cool. A comedian in Chicago wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript one time.
 Jeez, I hope the comedian got paid for that!
 I did not know that. I do remember Vick being a lefty as well.
 That would be cool. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?
 I agree. In the 1960's, top bowlers made twice as much as top NFL stars.
 Thats a good question - I've wondered about the animals too. I wouldnt argue with a third party either - speaking of consistency, its wild that Nixon and Bush have been so frequently on election tickets
 I did not realize that either. I would have to see if that fact is really true with Wikipedia even thought I trust our requestor friends. I thought some of the facts about radios were wild. The fact that Jupitar has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio. I thought they were going to tie back radios to when earlier Presidents started to talk to the public on them but the fact section didn't.
 You definitely have more scientific knowledge than me! I'd like to see that website as well - its cool we're archiving so much. Its crazy that a finnish station broadcasts in classical latin too - you wouldnt think too many people would speak latin
 I didn't know that JFK was one of the top three wealthiest presidents. He must have had money.
 Yea I have heard that too.  Apparently, the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.  
 That is absolutely amazing.  Im shocked to be honest.
 I've heard a lot about Trump on the radio. Apparently Anderson Cooper was not trying to make the storm seem more severe than it was when he stood in water.
 Does not surprise me.  They think they are American heroes, but the real heroes were the people who fought in WWII.  Apparently, soldiers made radios using razorblades and pencils!
 That's hard to believe!  I have also heard that the US president's guest house is larger than the white house itself!
 Yes, that's a big one, because the White house is pretty large. The guest house must be enormous, much like the length of time only republican and democrat presidents have been in office.
 Yes it definitely would. I know that it even caused some issues back then because they were opponents before they were partners.
 I wonder if anyone would tell him if they weren't!
 That's a fun presidential fact! I don't think a bearded person would do well in a race now a days, they seem to not be in fashion in politics.
 Well, that situation is kind of interesting.  A Republican in a district that overwhelmingly voted for Hillary?  Now, I'm wondering why Democrats haven't been yelling voter fraud? Lol
 Well, that is so interesting, now.  I'm going to start following the race!
 She seems to be doing something Trump would do by starting a website introducing Shak
 Yeah, that does sound like something Trump would do!  Ha ha
 Oh my goodness!  You are speaking Greek, to me.  But, I kind of sorta understand that concept.
 That's awesome that you understand it so well.  The kid that lives next door to me, made a Foxhole radio one time for a Science Fair project and I was very impressed with that thing.
 That's cool!  Apparently, its just a very basic radio made with a razor blade and pencil.  I was shocked it worked, but it did.  I think he won a Blue ribbon, it was a neat project.
 Lol, only know that one because of my grandkids. Yeah, that is some law, though.
 Hmm, wonder why that is though? 
 I'm not sure. I wonder what makes Jupiter so special?
 Hi. Are you into the fantasy football? They even have a fantasy draft for the spelling bee!
 Oh dang. Yeah it is time consuming. I think fantasy is an interesting genre and its in so many things like film, tv, and even video games.
 Yeah I guess it makes things more fun and interesting. In addition to sports there is even a fantasy congress lol. 
 yeah saw that, who plays that? I think the whole country as a whole does not like them. Must be politicians who play.
 Yeah agreed I'm not sure. The points are based off legislative success.
 Favorite QB of all time? I grew up watching Joe Montana, not sure anyone will pass Brady though. Surprising that Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the league.
 Oh nice yeah about time. I like Baker Mayfield and he once became a professional Halo 3 player!
 Did you know that Russell Wilson is still under an MLB contract even though he has not played in a regular game since 2011
 Yeah that is bizarre! You mentioned Tom Brady-he didn't even start on his JV team!
 Brad Johnson the only QB to throw himself a touchdown pass. Funny
 Didn't know that was even legal. That is impressive and taking the offensive leader nickname to a whole new level.
 Crazy about Brady not making a starting spot on his JV team
 yeah, he's gotta live with that his whole life. He had Brady but didnt start him. That's gotta haunt him just a little.
 Yeah especially given the fact that his team failed to win a game that season!
 turn in your coaching license! Too funny. Back to Russell Wilson's MLB contract, he got traded from the Texas Rangers to the Yankees in 2018.
 I would like to see him play a game. Would be fun to watch! The circular huddle that all QB's use was developed by a deaf quarterback.
 The highest paid across all US Defense Dept. employees are 3 football coaches.
 That goes to show how important football is to our society. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0 if you can believe it.
 That's a shocker for me, I would have thought the Clintons or Trump would have made that list.
 Glenn was such a fun character, We lost too many great people to Negan.
 Omg don't get me started you're a fan of game of thrones too? Who's your favorite character?
 Hell yea she handles business did you get to watch it form the beginning?
 I agree! I just never knew that. I love free stuff, there's a site where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.
 Definitely! Technology has come a long way in a short amount of time. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent! 
 Me too. We've become so reliant on technology and our cell phones. UNICEF even recognizes that and will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute someone doesn't use their cell phone.
 We should. Did you know in South Africa it's legal to equip a car with flame throwers to prevent car jacking?
 And to wildlife! But it has to be a dangerous place to live. It took a while for cars to be accepted in Western Europe and other parts of the world. The US rapidly adopted cars to quickly replace animal drawn carts.
 Could be... Did you know the three richest US presidents are claimed to be JFK, Washington and Jefferson?  I'm skeptical... Where's Trump?  How does one compare a horse-drawn carriage to a limo?
 If Trump can hide from taxes, more power to him.  We are taxed to death without the benefits that should come with taxation at current levels.  I didn't know Wilson is the only president with a PhD.  I have one so I guess I won't run...
 I made crystal radios when I was a kid that didn't use a battery. Radio waves have an inherent power.  I bet Jupiter would reach pretty far.
 I was unaware of the iphone fact. Being on a farm do you still have one of the old style radios? I think it would be pretty fun if they still broadcasted radio acts on the air like they used to in the 1930's. They have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, but not sure how interesting that would be.
 No but they called them the greatest generation for a reason. I am watching my neighbor right now warming up his truck outside. Not only is it illegal to warm your car up in Ohio, but it's illegal to do it here in Michigan as well. I've never known anyone to actually get a ticket for doing it though. That would have to be on miserable cop to write that ticket. 
 LOL. Did you know the trunk of car came about because older cars used to have wooden trunks?
 I bet it would look very weird to us. Cadillac was actually named after a French explorer.
 Apparently, he also founded Detroit which is really interesting.
 For sure lol. It is legal in South Africa to equip a flame thrower to a car to prevent carjacking.
 That is a little scary. Hard to believe too.
 I have heard that before. Hard to believe you can hear the radio storms here on Earth.
 That would be really cool. New York's area code of 212 was established because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 I agree. The cables carrying phone and data lines across the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
 Yes it definitely gets people from point A to point B. The trunk of the car is called that because old cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back.
 Oh that's cool. I've been there a few times. Yes that would be funny. The brand Cadillac was named after the French explorer who found Detroit!
 Yeah you're right, but now that city is in ruin from what I've heard. it is not like south Africa where it is legal to put flamethrowers on your car.
 That sounds like a crazy idea, I guess if you want others to get out of your way quickly, or if someone is going too slow in front of you, it might be useful.
 I can imagine that after listening to that for a couple of minutes you might want to change the channel, even something in Latin sounds better than that.
 Ha ha yes I agree. In Canada all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
 Yes I agree. Isn't it interesting that soldiers in World War II made a radio using just the razor blade and a pencil?
 More inventive that I'd ever be.  I suppose they were trying to stay in touch with those storms on Jupiter.
 I do. I find radio fascinating. Its crazy how long ago they figured out the technology to use radio waves to transmit information.
 Yea its a shame really. I also read that there are radio storms on the Planet Jupiter. 
 Yep the car has been around for a long time. Even the Model T started in 1908. It was created by Ford and the car definitely replaced carriages and horses
 Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. In my state, it's a requirement to drive everywhere (everything is just too far), but anyways did you know that McDonald's added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?
 Yeah, and surprisingly enough, it is said that when you have two phonebooks whose pages are overlapped that it is impossible to separate them.
 Yeah, very true haha. It's also quite surprising that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
 No, I didn't realize that was an option at the dealership. Is it something you get added retroactively?
 No I have actually never had to call someone in New York before. Come to think of it I have never used a rotaryphone. It's amazing to think that the inventor of the dial telephone was convinced phone operators routed his calls to rival businesses!
 Yeah I always thought the bars at the top of the phone indicated the cell signal quality and therefore cell reception but I guess not. Apparently dolphins are able to communicate with each other over the phone too. Pretty cool.
 No idea maybe because when people warm up their cars and then go back inside the cars commonly get stolen. It is interesting how things vary by country. For example in India, the horns have to be very durable because they are used so often. I barely ever use my horn!
 Rarely. What about you? I am more into FM. Do you know the band Hanson? They sang MMmbop. One time their song was the most requested song on a station in Chicago because the djs didn't reveal the band name!
 Oh interesting. Not sure. It would be fun to listen to both. Did you know one of the top radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist? That is hard to for me to imagine because it doesn't seem like that would be entertaining!
 Oh wow that is hard to believe-those soldiers must have been so smart to set that up! I am also a fan of Bill Murray and he voiced the human torch in the Fantastic 4 radio show!
 I don't think I ever saw Groundhog Day but I will have to add it to my list of movies I need to watch! I wonder how many radio shows Bill Murray has done in his lifetime. Probably doesn't compare to Bing Crosby -in 1948 his recordings filled over half of all the radio time!
 Yes, had pretty good luck so far....funny how the Cadillac was named after a french explorer lol where do they come up with the names of cars lol
 I heard about that! Nice! Funny how soldiers in WWII made radios with a razorblade and pencil as the diode...interesting!
 I hadn't either! Radios have given us a lot of communication and entertainment
 Very true! I found out that on am radio there is a station that can pick up radio storms from Jupiter! That's strange!
 And they accomplished that without releasing 3 pop albums while in office like inodesias president.
 No, if it was Trump and Hillary.  Funny that the White House's guest house is bigger than the White House.  
 Thats a lot of pokemon. Its crazy to believe in the simpsons there is only one episode that bart is neither mentioned or shown.
 Im not sure but with some of those big names like ringo starr and alec baldwin narrating thomas the tank for at least 52 episodes each is pretty good.
 Particularly today's political and biased news... Wow, the Hindenberg has an aluminum piano that weighed only 356 lbs. I wonder how it sounded?
 That is a light piano, probably the kind they used to put in britains highest mountain.
 wow!  lol The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
 yeah.  Anyone can put out an album now.  Do you watch tv at all? When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 Heres a good one,  its animation though lol There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
 nice!  Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
 Yes.  My sister and father.  you?
 Well if you ever get into it you can binge like crazy with all of those episodes!  It seems I mostly get Thomas the Tank Engine here with my kids.  Amazing the narrators they have gotten for that show.
 Speaking of engineers, someone was able to build a 350+ pound aluminum piano that once rode in the lounge of the Hindenburg.
 On the top of Britain's tallest mountain there is a piano. Hikers discovered it in 2006. Wonder who put it there!
 Seems like a lot of work for the people who hauled it up there. And it's funny nobody knew who had put it up there. I think it would be cool to listen to live piano music while in the sky. The airship Hindenburg had an aluminum grand piano. It weighed only 356 pounds.
 that is funny. Who doesn't see a piano going up a mountain??? I hope they took the light one, 356 pounds????
 Haha, probably not, I think it was a regular piano! In 1930 the BBC thought that there was no news worthy news so they put on piano music instead. Sometimes I wish that would happen in the modern day!
 HAHAHA. Me too! There's a famous piano that played freddy mercury and mccartney!
 I heard they used that same piano to play Hey Jude and Bohemian Rhapsody.
 That's true! I would sell that so fast... There's also a song composed solely for stress testing a piano!
 That is so cool! The Circus Galop, i think I have heard that before!
 I used to watch Thomas when I was younger! I preferred to watch Pokemon though. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon
 I definitely haven't watched them all! Ha! Another thing I liked to watch was the Simpsons. I used to watch with my parents.
 No, I don't, but I love Bart. There is only one episode where he doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.
 Oh, how cool! I meant to say I saw the White House and it was small comparative. I had learned that George W. Bush put solar panels on the back but I couldn't see them.
 That surprises me, since that veers precociously close to censorship. I suppose the government has an interest in supporting Canadian culture.
 Yeah, did you know that it took three days for the secret service to realize that the White house had been shot with bullets! Three days is a long time for something so serious. 
 Oh, that's neat.  I heard that a Hanson song became the most requested track on a Chicago alternative rock radio station because the DJs did not reveal the name of the band.  Those are some talented brothers, they kind of got roped into being a teeny bopper band and never really shook that image.
 Oh, cool.  Celine Dion, Shania Twain, and Hanson, all the Canada artists, I can think of. All good, though.  Did you know that the most popular radio act of the 1930s was a ventriloquist?  I don't even know how that was possible over the radio?
 Who knows, times were simpler back then.  Maybe people were more easily amosed. Lol
 That's what I heard.  Most of it is below ground, I hear.  Do you know that Jimmy Carter installed solar panels, which Ronald Reagan promptly had removed, when he took office?
 Clearly this list was compiled Trump became president or he would be at the top of that list.
 I do know the President of the United States is supposedly the leader of the free world, but his guest house is much larger than his own house he stays in.  Not much leader status there.
 Or a low tech security measure.  People nowadays have no clue what they are.  Probably looks like a drink coaster to most.
 Lots of time for commercials. Very different from basketball. I didn't know that Tom Brady was overlooked as a JV QB. Perhaps the coach didn't like him personally.
 I was surprised to hear that. I figured with 3 QBs per team, there'd be more.
 I wonder if WWII radios could have picked it up? Made from razor blades and pencil...
 did you know canadian radio has to play at least 40% canadian music.
 Probably better than nothing to pass time and get news.  I would listen to Jupiter if I had to.
 That is interesting, I forgot that most waves comes from natural phenomenons and not antennas.  
 Hopefully they're still on there. Can you believe that the White House still uses floppy disks in part for storing files?
 Yes he preserved a lot of the beauty within our country. We owe him a lot for that. A bullet once to struck the White House in 2011 and it took Secret Service four days to realize what happened.
 Yes you have to imagine it in your mind. It probably requires more brain power! Radios were so important that soldiers made them using a razor blade and a pencil.
 Good question. Maybe classic radio dramas! According to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
 One thing that seems odd is that he is not on the list of the wealthiest presidents of US history
 Nice!  That's my team as well!  Awesome!  I've been a fan for over 40 years!
 I didn't know that, but I'm not surprised. Some older technology still has some relevance, but back to the Lincoln thing John Wilkes Booth was in the photo that was taken during the inauguration. 
 I didn't know that, but I'm not surprised that Trump did that. Did you know that FDR was the last president who could speak a foreign language fluently.
 I did not know that.  What I find interesting is that FDRs distant cousin Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the White House when he was President.   I guess being a conservationist and the founder of the national park system, he could not be complicit in "tree murder".
 That is a very interesting fact. Another interesting fact is that Jimmy Carter put solar panels on the white house and then Reagan took them off when he became president.
 That is really interesting, but I find Jimmy Carter to be more interesting. He turned down all the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.
 That is really cool. It's hard not to be mad at our president from time to time. Nobody is perfect. Did you know that if you mail a birth announcement to the White House they will send you a congratulations card back.
 I think that would probably be possible and if not yet soon. Astronomers are always trying to discover new things. I like an astronomer would like to find a ventriloquist act from the 1930s that was played on the radio. Apparently it was one of the most popular radio acts.
 its been good chatting with you. I need to be getting ready to drive a float in a Mardi Gras parade down here in Louisiana. 
 I agree with you on that one. Did you know helium was discovered on the sun before earth?
 The players and football to be more specific! Yes that is a great question. Did you see how has the most wins at the Brown's stadium since 1999?
 Ben Roethlisberger of the Pittsburgh Steelers lol. He wins like every time they play there haha.
 did you know the white house has the same buildings in both france and ireland
 I have not heard that. It's amazing that the White House has been in residence since 1800
 Yeah, I wonder how that would work out. Haha. In Guatemala, if you are related to a past president you cannot legally run for president. So Hillary would not even have been able to try if she was Guatemalan.
 Yeah, must have adjusted for inflation. So there have been five presidents who have been elected while still losing the popular vote. I guess not only Trump. The largest margin isten percent.
 one thing I would like to see is trump releasing a pop album like the president of indonesia, it would probably be horrible but it would definitely be entertaining
 A lot of things surprise me. Lincoln was the first president who had an inauguration photo and John Wilkes Booth was in it.
 haha that is a scary premonition, also crazy that the president's guest house is bigger than the white house, like how is that possible? 
 I would love to be a guest there. Apparently there was someone who loved the white house so much that they made a replica for their own private residence.
 wow that is cool, what is not cool is the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files, like that seems so outdated to me
 Wow, interesting. Speaking of technology, did you know solar panels have been around for a long time? Jimmy Carter installed some on the white house and Ronald Reagan removed them.
 ha I didn't know that, I guess George W Bush put solar panels on the white house, which you wouldn't think it'd be him that would do that
 If you want to listen to solar activity, there is a radio station for that!
 That would've been nice.  The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
 me too. The white house has twin buildings in ireland and france.
 Nice. I'm surprised George W put solar panels on the white house, I would figured he wouldn't care
 hmmm not sure.  This is really interesting though.Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio. 
 maybe one of the stations play it lol Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
 According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.  I hope canadian music isnt all Justin Bieber. lol 
 I doubt it.  George W. Bush had to re-install solar panels - who took them off?  He was preceded by the Clintons.
 I didn't realize that radio waves could induce an AC current.  
 Guess you could see it in France and Ireland too!
 I'm curious too. Wow how does they even use floppy disk? So outdated! At least George Bush tried to update it by putting solar panels on the back of the whitehouse.
 Very cool I wonder what that sounds like? In Finland there is a program that broadcast entirely in Latin.
 Yep he's all over Twitter. I want to listen to Jupiter make a radio storm on the a.m. Radio though, I haven't heard that yet
 Haha yep I could see that. Do you ever listen to the radio in Canada? Apparently 40% of all Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin
 The FBI was spying on and potentially manipulating the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign, according to the article!
 Surpsingly no! It was JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. 
 Me either. But apparently it is larger than the white house. 
 Yes! I've heard that Jupiter's radio storms are so strong that we can pick them up and hear them on AM radio! 
 The White House still uses floppy disks in part for storing files, I feel like they'll never get it together to be radio stars!
 Just a little bit.    I know their first president was called President 
 did you know the U.S. president's guest house is bigger then the white house?
 yeah, and the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office
 John Adams in 1800!
 Cool.     Did you know presidents still use classic technology?
 i heard they still use floppy disks for storing files
 Even with that, George W. Bush had solar panels reinstalled on the building.
 cool, and teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees because he was a staunch conservationist
 maybe, canadian law requires radios to have at least 40% music played be canadian
 True, although that doesn't have much to do with the united states!    That will all change with websites, though.
 Yes, it sounds ancient.  I wonder why they are still using floppy disks. 
 Probably they do not,  because it took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house in November 2011.
 Perhaps he was concerned about the environment.  George Bush had solar panels put back at the White House after being removed during the Reagan administration.
 That's surprising. Maybe it is so large groups of visitors can stay there, while only the president and his family and helpers stay in the White House.
 I didn't. It's strange to think that the first president lived somewhere else for part of his term! It's something I will read more about later. It was good talking to you!
 Yes me too. It's becoming kind of outdated. In World War II the soldiers made a radio using a razor blade and a pencil.
 That is a long time. I didn't think many people spoke Latin. If you listen to the a.m. radio sometimes you can hear Jupiter's radio storms.
 Yes that's a good guess. I think is so crazy that the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files.
 Maybe, not as strange as the President of indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while still in office though
 Yea, the White House needs an upgrade, they still use floppy disks for storing files
 yea, I don't what's worse still using floppy disks or the secret service taking four days to realize someone shot the white house
 There is a Finnish radio station that broadcasts a Latin news program since 1989
 I sure do! I've even herd that there are radio storms so strong on Jupiter they can be heard on an AM radio.
 I wonder how the Canadians deal with that, since they have content laws.
 Not that I'm aware of. Although I know there is a station in Finland that has, since 1989 broadcast a weekly news program in Latin.
 That is crazy!! And speaking of crazy, how crazy is it that the Indonesian President has released 3 pop albums while President.
 Yes, it is possible. I wonder how all of our Presidents have felt about the White House being smaller than the guest house?
 Probably a lot better since they no longer have to worry about the Vice President being the person they just finished defeating in an election.
 I guess it does. That's cool. I am shocked that bullets struck the White house in 2011 and it took the Secret Service four days to realize it.
 Technology lags in government!     The White House still uses floppy disks!
 That is really odd. No more odd than Roosevelt banning Christmas trees from the White House because he was a conservationist. 
 Wow. Nobody's going to mistake him for President Banana.
 She was Trump's assistant. The gatekeeper. Apparently he tried to get her to lie and now that might bring him down
 Ahhh... okay, didn't know that.  Just Googled her and yes, she is rather attractive!  :)
 Speaking of the white house, did you know they still use floopy disks in part for storing files?  I've read that the paperwork to get a new computer for a staff member takes forever to go through, so that's why so many things are so outdated... but still, floppy disks?  Wonder if it's 3 1/2 or 5 1/4 (or maybe both!)
 Did you know they call the President of Indonesia King Banana?  Not sure if that's his last name or a nickname.  Kind of like "top banana" but I found that funny.  Hehe
 Actually, I think that was the President of Indonesia.  He released the album while actually serving in office.  That's pretty neat.  Can't imagine any of the recent US Presidents doing pop albums... hehe.
 Yeah, from what I understand, Washington has a lot of land holdings and stuff. I read an article recently about how much various presidents are worth before and after they became President, fascinating stuff...
 I would think that the poor (clinton) got richer but the rich (Bush) got poorer. Could be wrong. After all, I never thought a potus would ban Christmas trees from the white house...but Teddy did
 Yeah, I heard about that... he was big into conversation and stuff.  The guy created a lot of national parks and stuff.  They had a bit on Comedy Central's Drunk History about this camping trip he took with John Muir.  Funny stuff!  
 Yeah, I think so.  It's funny, a bit of history there too... Carter put them up first, Regan took them down, then GWB put them back up.  Its kind of funny how President keep trying trying to "undo" what the previous ones have done, for better or worse...
 Ha, I wonder why the President of Zimbabwe was called president Banana. Ah, and I am curious as to why the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files!
 Yeah what the heck! And why do they have twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Haha! Well that's cool. I guess the White House's appearance changes slightly with each president's election. Teddy Roosevelt wouldn't let Christmas trees be in the white house.
 I think I will nickname him the Grinch! It once took the Secret Service four days to realize that bullet's struck the White House on November 11, 2011.
 Yeah that's a good question I would like to know that as well. I think it's really cool that soldiers and in World War II made radios using a razor blade and a pencil.
 Haha, when I think of Canadian music I think of Celine Dion, Justin Bieber, Drake, but there have to be more since all radios need to play 40% of music of Canadian origin.
 Rush? I will have to check that out. Nice chatting with you!
 Makes sense. Apparently in Canada, they require 40% of the music on the radio to be by Canadian artists. 
 You're probably right. Radio is actually pretty cool, you can hear storms on Jupiter on an AM radio. 
 I don't know much about it. I can barely keep up with all the new technology available! Times sure have changed since foxhole radios in World War II!
 I think they might still use those radios in the White House. The WH still uses floppy disks. WTH?
 That's crazy! The have solar panels, but are still using floppy disks? Funny!
 Haha. I can't believe that method was ever successful! Apparently the white house has replicas in Ireland and France. I wonder why? Tourist attraction I suppose. 
 That makes sense. Did you know Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House?
 Not a bad quality in a President! Every President since 1800 has lived there. Pretty cool, actually. 
 Probably so! The guest house now is bigger than the White House itself. 
 Hello! I didn't know that, isn't it surprising that Donald Trump isn't one of the three wealthiest!
 That's crazy! It's interesting how much culture influences other nations. On the other hand, the last US president fluent in a foreign language was FDR.
 Sounds expensive, hopefully it is more up to date than the official white house, they still use floppy disks
 That definitely seems like old technology. Although they use a lot of old technology in general, like if you mail a birth announcement to the White House, they'll send you a physical card back.
 That seems unprofessional! A lot of presidents have had their own preference influence the whole house. Like President Carter turned down all the thermostats to 65 degrees during the winter.
 The White House does? I did not know that! So ol' 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue isn't as unique as I thought it was! There is also a replica in Atlanta which was built as a private home.
 Ha! And then later on came Jimmy Carter who had solar panels installed on the White House!
 He was! Pretty freaky! Do you think they have many radios in the White House. I love listening to the radio. It fascinates me that so much information and sound can be carried by radio waves.
 That is so crazy to me! There's a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, too. You can listen live to the sun's music! 
 Wow! I guess they just needed an electrical conductor. They must have really wanted to hear some Bing Crosby!
 I never knew that ringo starr narrated some episodes of thomas the thank engine.
 Yes.     Funny that he was the more mild Narrator, compared to George Carlin and Alec Baldwin
 I also can't believe there are that many pokemon episodes. My son used to watch these all the time as a kid.
 I heard it was something like sixteen years worth!
 it's been around so long. I can't believe it's still even popular to this day!
 I agree! I never even knew there was such a thing as Austailian or Canadian football!
 True.    One version I just learned about is Gaelic football
 Yes.    In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
 Then again, salaries all over are huge.    Look at 2011 superhero film Thor!
 i did not know that Kenneth Branagh was such a good director!
 Not as good as Tom Hiddleston, who gained 50 pounds of muscle for the film!
 I thought he looked heavier than I'd ever seen him!
 Yeah it is hard to know what is a joke and what isn't. The internet is so new and unpredictable. I remember when we just had tv to worry about! I liked the Simpsons-and there is only one episode ever where Bart never appears!
 lol yes he was definitely the main character! I also like that 70's show, which was apparently remade in the UK.
 Wow either he is very ambitious or cannot hold a job for the life of him! Another big popular show was Pokemon with over 750 episodes. Wow that is hard to believe!
 Yes I do that is a fantastic show! love it! Alec Baldwin has been funny recently impersonating Trump. Baldwin also narrated thomas the tank engine for 52 episodes!
 I believe it. Even today NFL contracts are not guaranteed for some reason. The best player I ever saw was Benjarvus Green-Ellis. He never fumbled once! Never!
 Interesting. I never realized they were the first to make it, but I guess that makes sense. Besides football what do you watch on tv?
 Crazy. I used to watch it a lot, but when I did I was so young I had no idea who any of those people were.
 Haha you're probably right. Do you ever watch sports on ESPN? Apparently they won an Emmy for inventing the yellow line that they use to show  the first down
 No I don't think they did haha. I wish that they would broadcast the highest scoring football game of all time, it was 222 to 0, although it was in 1916 so definitely TV was not around back then haha
 yup yep I agree, do you like the Patriots by the way? They have a player who's never fumbled the ball before
 Haha I agree with you. I wish he was still around, he would have a lot of good things to say I think. I guess Alec Baldwin and also Ringo Starr did some boys down there too, I need to check that out haha.
 ah yes I like always sunny, I guess in the simpsons Homer had almost 200 different jobs in teh first 400 episodes
 have you seen the show shark tank? apparently most deals that they make are not actually enacted in real life, that seems like a let down because that means the show is basically staged
 ya I agree haha, did you know that FDR was the only recent president to speak another language besides english
 no I didn't know that, I do like the idea they have in Guatemala, where the presidents relatives can't legally run to become president
 ya I agree, what do you think of the electoral college? I guess in the history of the USA 5 presidents have lost the popular vote but still won becuase of the electoral college
 haha well it was Lincoln and actually john wilkes booth was in the photo with him! scary!
 He is actually from Jacksonville, Fl. I think they just really hated limp bizkit. I actually like them though.
 Me too. They really went down after chocolate starfish and hot dog flavored water, or whatever that album was. I still to jam to those songs in my car.
 Ha, Ha, I done with the propaganda.  I do watch TV.  I can't believe there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon"!  That equates to about 50 a year for 16 years!
 Yeah, that's a shocker for sure.  I don't understand the fascination with Pokemon?
 Never got it either.  I guess the UK didn't get the 70's Show.  They tried it there under the name "Days Like These" and it was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
 Yeah, I find it funny that its larger than the white house.But, I believe there are many levels underground at the White House that they are not counting in that measurement!
 Probably.  They say that the top 3 richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson.  They are obviously taking inflation into account. 
 Obviously, but it looks like Bush, Clinton, or Trump would have made that list.
 Yeah and I didn't think JFK was that rich.  His daddy Joe was from bootlegging booze during prohibition. Funny, astronauts vote from space so I have no excuse...
 Speaking of Simpsons, did you know there's only ONE episode does not appear nor is he mentioned?  One out of like I think around 600 or so episodes now..
 There were several eps we never got to see here in the States.  Like one where James becomes a woman (!) to enter a beauty contest and fool Ash and company.  (Dunno why they just didn't have Jesse enter...)  Ahhh, Japan!
 I watched it a little bit. I've heard they tried to redo it in the UK but it didn't work out so well...
 Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't.  I mean, did you know The Office is based on a British tv show of the same name?  
 You know speaking of kids shows.. can you believe George Carlin narrated Thomas the Tank engine for over 52 episodes?  I just can't picture a cynical fellow like him narrating a kids show...
 Oh, yeah, they also had Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin as narrators.  Show had some pretty impressive voice talent!  
 Ahhh.. I don't like to get into politics... too many arguments spring up.  LOL.  Lots just say he's got good and bad stuff about him and I'll leave it at that.  
 I did! Pokemon was one of them. There are now over 750 episodes
 hey did you know that Trump wouldn't qualify as one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents in US history?
 ya thats what I think, they must have adjusted for inflation, also crazy is that the white house's guest house is bigger than the white house itself
 Yeah, honestly though I think those 2 get along. It's all for tv. What's crazy is that Air travel is 10% slower these days than in the 60s. 
 that is crazy I wonder why that is? I want the Dutch to finish their bus they're working on, it can go 160mph, that sounds fun!
 ya that does sound annoying, in Japan I guess to travel the whole country you would have to pay $300 in tolls which isn't cheap
 Interesting, I wonder if in the age of ships people released rabbits onto the Japanese island for further food sources. 
 Wow! that is scary, what kind of chips do they use then? 
 haha no I wouldn't understand it, but apparently that is a station in finland, they started it in 1989
 ya they did, it was going to be in the UK and was cancelled after 10 episodes haha they must have different humor over there
 did you know that there's a version of soccer where three teams face each other, at the same time? it's pretty cool
 hahahah, very true, forget the tongue. American football is also very popular, some of those games go on forever, despite the average game only having 11 minutes of actual live gameplay
 Wow, I wonder what the reasoning is for that? Seems rather sexist, but i'm sure there's a method to that madness. I know the NFL has no rules against female players though, so maybe they aren't sexist 
 Only one left-handed player? that's insane, there's so many players in the NFL, what are the odds of that
 Oh wow, that's insane. who knew being left handed would make such a difference in a spot. Considering how dangerous the sport is, i'm surprised people still play it
 I don't remember that though I do remember having one black and white tv. Interesting that before WWII the TV was not commonplace in homes.
 Is that even possible in a weekend? Seems like it would take a while! That's a lot of episodes! I don't like cartoons really but I do like the Simpsons.
 I like Bart a lot. There is only one episode where he didn't appear and wasn't mentioned.
 I was wondering why myself. I used to watch Thomas when it was still stop motion. Sad now that it's CGI, not quite the same. Interesting that Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin have all narrated at least 52 episodes each.
 I think the reason why is they tried to re-do it verbatim. Maybe a lot of jokes didn't translate. The actors might not have been as charismatic either!
 I also am amazed that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that you can hear them on an AM radio.
 Yeah I wonder how many people can actually understand it or even want to listen to it.
 Yeah, I will have to. Interesting that anywhere in the world pretty much we can get reception, even on Mt. Everest!
 Yeah, I think I might have an addiction to clicking-it is a real addiction!
 It seems like they start young, at least younger than in gridiron football.  I had a 5-year old granddaughter play soccer last year.  I enjoyed watching her even though at that age it is not strategy - just follow and kick the ball.
 Same to you.  One thing you can say is that soccer is here to stay with 250,000,000 players in 200+ countries. Wow!
 I commute so I always have the radio on.  I was in Canada the other day and I couldn't find a station playing an american artist.  I guess they are required to play 40% canadian music. 
 Me too, I have never once looked, I could be selling my soul to the devil for all i know
 I sometimes catch a rerun. I heard recently when South Park and Family guy ended the Simpsons' crew sent them flowers! 
 Well that is better than some people! Do you like listening to the radio? Sometimes you can hear Jupiter on an a.m. radio.
 I'm always amazed they can find so much to talk about.  What do they call it Monday Morning Quarterback?
 Yeah I love listening to music too especially on my iPhone. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
 It's amazing how far technology advances.  Even so, I'm amazed that people can make radios out of razor blades and pencils,  iphones are way beyond me.
 Yeah isn't that amazing. Apparently the soldiers used to call them fox hole radios.
 Yeah me too they're kind of boring. It is nice to be able to speak with people all over the world though apparently the cables caring phone and Internet data across the oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
 Even that amazes me, imagine stringing that cable across the ocean, I suppose on the back of a massive ship.
 Yeah that would be so cool to see how they did it. Back in the days of the rotary phone 212 used to be the fastest number to dial that's why the New York area code is just that.
 Why do they get first choice?  I still recall those old rotary phone, you'd dial it and wait for it to recoil.
 I don't use mine plenty, I'll have to contact them, not by phone, obviously.  have a good day, bye.
 I do like to listen to it on the way to work. How about you?
 That's not a bad source! I would like to heard what Jupiter radio storms sound like!
 haha well said! Have you heard of foxhole radios?
 I'm sure not all did in world war two! They made them out of razor blades and pencils. That is crazy to me!
 They probably have an audience of 5 people that know the language haha. Do you have an iphone?
 I have one, but it is 4 years old because of that reason haha. The iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent!
 Haha you are probably right! I think UNICEF is doing good when it comes to cell phones!
 They really are! So many kids could have clean water for a day if people stayed away from their phones!
 It amazes me that the company is only 25 years old and is already valued as the most valuable retailer in the US. Ahead of Walmart!
 Yeah I'd be kind of scared!
 What an adventurous lady! I think it's sad that the Zapara population has shrunk dramatically from 200,000 in the beginning of thte 20th century to less than 500 today. 
 Me too! I saw that Amazon holds a patent on the 1-click buying.
 I agree. Amazon has a website that sells returned and like-new items with discounts.
 That's pretty crazy! Did you know that Best Buy and Target will price match Amazon?
 I didn't, but that is good to know.  I am always looking for ways to find the cheapest things.
 Me too. The arrow in Amazon's logo means they have everything from a to z.
 I love the radio. There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.
 Me too. Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970's Fantastic Four show.
 I think I have heard that before. I guess it makes sense.
 I will have to find that one, I love the old radio dramas. It's crazy to think that Amazon warehouse workers walk up to 15 miles per shift. I couldnt do it.
 I did not know that. I really like some of their original productions, from Amazon Studios.
 I didn't but I can believe it. They are everywhere, even in publishing.
 lol  I didn't realize that Comedy Central was created in 1989?
 Yeah, there is a Finnish radio station that plays a weekly news programme in Classical Latin. Wonder how many people listen to it and understand it.
 Yeah, they help me escape! I really liked Friends when I was younger. It's surprising to me that 3rd rock from the sun beat them for the Golden Globe back in 1997.
 Yeah, I was never into 3rd Rock. It was okay but I just watched it because it was on.
 Yes, I think I have! I heard the programming language was named to honor British Comedy group Monty Python. I just assumed it had something to do with a snake.
 Yeah, hopefully they were just unpopular ones.
 I do watch movies, mostly classics from the 70s and 80s and occasionally new movies whose genre I like. But a lot of memes I like aren't from TV shows or movies at all
 Hahaha! thats very funny! hahahahahaaha!!
 I had no idea!! I also didn't realize that some teams ban cheerleaders from eating at the same restaurant as NFL players. 
 Also, how wld that an average game only has 11 minutes of live game play?
 Agreed! My little brother is a quarterback. It's such an interesting job to me!
 Me too!!! imagine being the only left handed person doing your job, who would have thought?
 No way, way more fun than going to the gym!! I've never heard of the waterphone, did you know that it creates a lot of the metallic noises in horro movies?
 That is crazy, isnt The Simpsons like the emblem show of Fox? I mean they almost created a channel that was only about The Simpsons.
 I bet he has the money to keep it running and not break a sweat, although I am suprised to hear his not among the top 3 wealthiest presidents in US history
 ya that was weird to know, also I like videogames and didn't know that they own the site ign.com
 yup they have lots of views, also it was created by Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon, so two richards haha
 haha yup, did you know JFK was one of the top 3 richest us presidents?
 yup I agree, can you believe that the runner up for president used to become the VP? can you imagine VP clinton right now? 
 I did, he doesn't appare in it and isnt mentioned either, I wonder wa that on purpose?
 Yeah!!! Me too. That is very strange.
 That actually could be true. I read somewhere recently that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was in office.
 Yes I agree. It would have created all kinds of problems.
 Hello, I figured JFK was one of the wealthiest presidents in american history
 yeah I agree. I liked how the first president of Zimbabwe was called banana
 I would agree. I wonder how much the president guest house is used since it is larger then the white house
 I was surprised to learn that there was a guest home. It makes sense but I went my whole life unaware of it somehow. Another shocking preidential fact, Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and john wilkes booth was in that photo. 
 wow I did not know that. I wonder how good the 3 pop albums are of the president of Indonesia 
 It's very strange to me that a sitting president of any nation would do that. Were you aware that only 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote? Very interesting since I've been alive for 2 of them. 
 Yes it is interesting. I would watch the channel that fox was thinking of setting up just for the simpsons 
 yes fox new corporation. Fox news is watched more then other like cnn
 i did not know that. It was originally created by president Nixon and Richard ailes
 I agree. I also did not know Ringo starr has narrated at least 52 Thomas the tank engine episodes. 
 wow, bart is only missing form one Simpson episode 
 That's absolutely shocking to me with as long as that show has been on the air. 
 yeah. over 750 episodes of pokemon
 WOW! I had no idea it had been on that long. Apparently Weekend Update was on the first episode of SNL and is their longest running skit. 
 the 70s show did not do well in the UK, it was cancelled after 10 episodes
 Isn't that the truth. Since we're on the subject of the NFL, it surprises me that a female player has never been drafted. Females are allowed to play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. Wonder why we haven't at least had a female kicker signed by now?
 Ah, yeah! It could be that whole sports/superstition thing! I never thought of it that way!
 He's a great QB, that's for sure! Can you believe that Tom Brady's JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown? I bet they still kick themselves to this day over that mistake!
 Oh yeah! And even more amazing, is a clock that Jeff Bezos (Amazon founder) had built into a mountain that may run for 10,00 years!
 That is fair. Did you know there arent any rules against female players in the nfl?
 Very cool, it is to record their every move on the field.
 There is only an average of 11 minutes of live game play per game. Very interesting.
 And imdb is owned by Amazon. Of course they are!
 Yep that's the one. Pretty crazy that it happened back in 1916
 Oh I would definitely be. And I feel horrible for the Cumberland team. The fans must have been super sad that day
 Haha that could be true. Did you know that top Bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars in the United States back in the sixties? That seems so weird
 Yep it's completely different now. Also a different time was when ESPN won the Emmy for the yellow line that they use for football games on TV
 Bad decision on their part, but I am thankful they didn't buy it.  We might get late fees somehow from them for using netflix.  They could have bought it for $50 million and they'd be worth $2 billion now.  
 I am not a huge fan of football,  but I like the 49ers.  how about u?
 what movies or shows are u watching?
 I was surprise to know that Netflix has 137 million subscribers in 2018.
 That sounds about right,  everyone has netflix. 
 I really like the netflix orginials ,  they are making really good movies and shows
 Greetings! Are you a Netflix user by any chance? I just learned that Netflix accounts for a third of all internet bandwidth between 9 p.m. and midnight. That's a lot of people streaming movies and shows!
 Yup. The company's worth a lot more now -- about $2 billion!
 That is crazy. You'd think the NBAPA would hire people to help manage it's players money since they clearly can't do it on their own. In addition to their salaries basketball players seem to get more endorsements then other athletes. Allen Iverson's reebok contract pays him until he is 55! 
 That's pretty insane. Spencer Haywood declined a 10% in Nike for 100,000 dollars for his shoe deal
 Imagine how much he'd have now? Although players like him and Jordan are the exception. The regular plays probably get modest sponsorship and once they are no longer playing don't know what to do with their money, then it's gone for good. 
 Well if Haywood took the 10% he have 8.62 billion worth in Nike
 Especially if you're a Browns fan, since 1999 Ben Rothlesburger has the most wins as a qb in their stadium
 The NFL has a lot of weird rules too. Apparently if saints cheerleaders are eating in a restaurant and a player comes in they have to leave since they aren't allowed to eat in the same place. 
 Wow I didn't know the NFL was that old. I always thought it was the newest major sports league, but the NBA only started in 1946.
 I like both football and basketball! I always thought it was cool how Tim Duncan made sure to finish college first before the NBA!
 That is smart. It always surprises me that Air Jordan's were banned upon introduction by the NBA.
 Me too! Luckily Nike decided to pay the fines, otherwise I don't know where they would be today!
 I bet he can't wait until he turns 55 to get that lump sum payment of 32 million dollars!
 Yet he is still saying he's always broke haha. Do you watch football as well? I can't believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay!
 It would be nice to see a woman tryout someday! I wonder if there has been and we just don't know?
 Yeah, I'm not sure if it is publicized. It's odd they allow females to join, yet the Saints still have what seems like sexist rules for their cheerleaders.
 I couldn't imagine how they would feel if they just ordered a nice meal and had to leave! I wonder if the NBA does that too!
 I'm not sure. Can you believe that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an NFL or MLB player?
 I believe it. You have to think, some players only play 2-3 years and make the rookie salary! Go Engineers! Haha, I wonder how they pair up with basketball players?
 I did hear that! Is it just to see a players every move?
 Yes! The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.
 That would be interesting to see the data. Well it was nice chatting, have a great day!
 Hello, do you like Basketball?
 Yes, I am a huge fan as a matter of fact! But knowing the highest paid employee in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches is shocking. Are you a basketball fan as well?
 You may be right about that. Ha! I also think it's shocking college basketball banned the dunk shot for more than a decade thanks to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He must have been one powerful dunker!
 That would make a little more sense. On another basketball note, did you know the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is also the University of Kansas' only losing coach in its entire history? Thats a little ironic!
 Did they really? Now that is innovative! Speaking of the NFL, I can't help but wonder why they haven't signed a female player yet seeing as how there are no rules against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. You'd think we would have at least had a female kicker by now!
 Yeah, NFL careers are short.  But they can still have a career like engineer post NFL.
 Take care
 im good you?
 I was listening to talk radio and heard that the highest paid state employee in most states is the football or basketball coach!
 Yes I saw in section 2 that iverson got a lump sum for 32 million
 I think they get paid too much! But I remember from the Kavenaugh hearings that even the Supreme Court justices like to play the b'ball. They have their own court called "the highest court in the land", lol!
 haha. What did you think about section 3 basketball?
 Yes and TBI is a scary problem in the NFL
 Yes they think they are God
 I agree. As a woman they should have equal rights. What league is your favorite?
 well any last thoughts before we disconnect?
 65 elephants wow that is heavy, do you like to travel?
 Wow I had never heard that.  It probably helps in Iceland where they have no trains so have to fly everywhere
 Right - couch surfing could definitely be the way to go!  Though I think I would take the bus in the Netherlands - they have one that goes 160 mph!
 I think I would use it for the same reason. Did you know the drive-thru at McDonalds was only added in 1975?
 Oh, interesting. I also like to travel. I've even heard that there is a bus being designed by the Dutch to go 160 mph.
 I really like any. I would like to go Mackinac Island even though they don't allow motorized vehicles.
 That is pretty impressive. I wish I could do that. I would not want travel to Japan, it is expensive since all the highways are tolls.
 Yes, I agree, it is. It can be $300 or more to travel across the country of Japan.
 Yes, it is. The first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
 really? i didnt but it makes sense.
 Oh wow, that's wild
 Isn't it named after an indian chief?
 Yeah, that is impressive, to my understanding, it seems like education comes second to sports for these great athletes, but not the case for Alex Smith and also for Baker Mayfield. He's also a great competitive gamer, claiming he can beat anyone in Halo.
 There is such a thing as lingerie bowl? Yeah, the physical requirements are pretty high, even when games average only 11 minutes of live game play, I think football is still a pretty aggressive sport.
 That's pretty insane! That is a kind of messed up, the cheerleaders are people too! Amazing how the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback to prevent the other team from reading his hand signals. The impact he had even til today!
 Yeah! Because I have heard that left handed pitchers in NBL are prized possession, maybe it holds true for quarterbacks or maybe they make more than other NFL players since the average earnings of an engineer is higher than the earnings of an NFL player.
 Yeah, I bet that coach regretted that decision for a long time!
 No, I didn't know that, I thought it was a deaf quarterback that didn't want the other team to see his hand signals.
 Yes, I had read that somewhere, before.  Looks like there would at least be a kicker playing, by now, it's 2019!
 That's true, I hear the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders, have it pretty bad.
 Yes, I get mad when I keep hearing that stat.  That last Superbowl was over three hours, with all sorts of non needed crap.  Just play ball, people!
 He is amazing, he also had over 5000 yards from scrimmage. Who is your favorite team?
 Wow I didn't know this about Saquon Barkley, he is a special player. My favorite team is the New England Patriots. What is your favorite football team?
 I don't play fantasy football at all. Did you know that the average NFL game has just 11 minutes of gameplay?
 I think you're correct. Did you know that Alex Smith received his Bachelor's Degree in just a couple of years?
 For sure, he had terrible blocking and no offense or defense to back him up at all. Would have been a nightmare, even for Tom Brady.
 I think American Football and baseball had a lot to do with that.  Hungary did pretty good in the 50's with only one defeat between 1950 and 1956.
 Makes sense... Maybe the Simpsons works there?  There is only one Simpsons episode where Bart isn't mentioned or appears?  It's OK with me because I like Homer the best.
 Yeah, I can't even see a HS doing that.  I guess they are putting tracking chips in shoulder pads.  Do they use them to track the team and cheerleaders too?
 Let's do it!  There may be more money being an engineer.  In an average lifetime of earnings, they make more that an average NFL or MLB player.  
 Yeah, but all the math!  It would be better money than hosting the Olympics or World Cup. 
 I guess the surrounding business may do pretty good.  Surely they get paid for their expenses.  
 I like the New Orleans Saints.    Did you know they do not allow their cheerleaders to eat in the same place as any NFL player!
 Perhaps a kicker or punter.    Still, they might be better off not trying, since an engineer earns more than an NFL player over their career.
 Let's see, an NFL season is 16 weeks, with 11 minutes per game meaning there is only three hours action in a season!
 You too.     I'm going to go watch some television.     Maybe some of the 750 episodes of Pokemon.
 Some of it. Did you know that there are no economic gains for countries that have hosted the Olympics or World Cup?
 Yes, Thats why its crazy some countries take on hosting the games. The city in Qatar isnt even built yet!
 Yeah the city to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Crazy!
 The Hungary soccer team only had 1 loss between 1950 and 1956, which happened to be the World Cup final. Pretty impressive.
 Do you watch American football? The NFL has no written rule against female players. If a woman met the eligibility requirements, she could play.
 I know! If a cheerleader is at a restaurant and eating, she has to leave if a player comes into the restaurant.
 haha good point. There a tracking chips in the actual football too. It can track the velocity, rotation, speed, and location. Pretty wild.
 The US went 46 years without a bobsled medal how crazy
 That is crazy. I wonder if Jamaica ever did win. Apparently the movie isn't at all accurate.
 That I do believe. Do you watch the Simpsons? There's 1 episode where Bart isn't mentioned or appears at all.
 Apparently it was so popular that they made it verbatim in the UK. But it didn't work out as it was cancelled after ten episodes.
 Did they air our American show or make their own ?
 word for word in actual english ? Maybe with their accent it's not so funny :)
 Yes, that is true. Our society takes football so seriously that tracking chips are embedded in shoulder pads and in footballs.
 I heard about that...  is that really helping in... yeah, in what exactly ? :)
 hey my friend did you know that the guest house is actually bigger than the entire white house?
 yes I love dogs! They actually have dog blood drives which is amazing!
 they are! Its crazy that theyre related to wolves when their tempermant is so different!
 we used too but shes gone unfortuantely, nice to know that dogs and elephants both can understand pointing
 ya thats very sad, but at least she would come to you haha, also nice that dogs aren't colorblind, that makes me happy they can see colors :)
 ya they used like a razor and a pencil, no idea how that works haha
 hi I'm good, did you know that trump is not one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents? I would have thought he was
 Ya this doesn't say, it does say that the presiden'ts guest house is larger than the white house, which is crazy haha
 haha I could see that, I do think itd be interesting if trump released a pop album like the president of indonesia apparently did 
 yup I agree, I wouldn't want to be forced to give my blood, so I don't think a dog should be forced either
 There seems to be a lot of chatter about Trump being hostile to black female journalists huh?
 I don't know anything abouot this exact incident but sometimes the media likes to over dramatize things
 I know he does get mad at the media but they are always attacking him so that is probably the reason.  It would be hard for anyone to have people talking negatively towards you oftn
 yes, I sometimes wonder what is actually true and what they are just picking on
 His attacks are often delivered personally as he talks over his opponent. Sometimes you have to get aggressive if everyone is attacking you know?
 I agree.  He is just someone who says exactly what he thinks.  People don't like that
 You have to give respect to get respect, I think thats all he is asking for.
 exactly but everyone just gets mad all the time.  He was never given an actual chance to accomplish anything.  He is a great business man and I think he could do some great things based off of that if evryone will just calm down a bit
 definetely,  I hope our country can at some point work together but that is probaby not going to happen
 I didnt know that.  what about woodrow wilson..he was the only us president to have a phd
 I do not believe he is even in the top 10, a PHD doesn't automatically mean wealthy
 right thats true.  The last us president to speak a foreign language fluentlly was FDR
 I agree.  have a great day
 Yes, Trump is not one of the richest presidents. That honor belongs to JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Wow that is shocking. I wonder how much wealth did the President of Indonesia accumulate by releasing 3 pop albums while in office.
 I was shocked to find out they have 12 different blood types. That's a lot!
 Very admirable that all you need to feed those stray dogs is exchange recyclable plastic bottles.
 You can even point to dogs where it is. They, and elephants, are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing.
 I like seeing dunking too. Kareem Abdul Jabbar's dominant use of it got it banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 I think that's awesome! He was just so good at it haha. Did do you know how much Allen Iverson gets from Reebok every year? It's a ton of money
 He gets $800000 per year and will get a sweet retirement!
 I don't know much about him. I do know that his sister is a good basketball player as well!
 Yep you're right! I always wanted to wear a pair of Air Jordans but I never bought them because they're so expensive. Apparently they were banned by the NBA, but Nike just paid the fee so that Michael Jordan could keep wearing them haha
 They are really cool. My husband says they are not comfortable, though. It's amazing how much money is spend on sports technology these days.
 No, he's not but he just liked the style, ha. I find it interesting that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed line for football games. Americans really take their sports seriously!
 They sure do! Did you hear about the highest scoring football game ever? 222 to 0. I would cry if I were the losing team LOL
 It seems like a game I'd be interested to watch!
 How come there's an association with Japanese liking baseball? I prefer other sports like football and basketball. Though even from being in Texas, I have never heard of the high school stadium that costs $60 million to build and can seat 18K people! 
 I would've thought video gaming or something super innovative was the most popular. Do they have different rules in Japan because if the opposing team catches a baseball in a hat, they are allowed to advanced three bases and yes, it is true, everything's bigger in texas, even football stadiums! 
 Think it's got a little rugby in it and they play on a round field. That's all I know. American football has come a long way since the '60s. Back then the top bowler made more money than the top football player.
 That does sound kind of different! I don't even think bowling competitions are aired on ESPN anymore. High school and public school coaches make a lot more than other state employees! Maybe they should try coaching then!
 It's not a bad gig I guess. You know ESPN won an emmy fo the "yellow line" they supreimpose on the screen for the first down marker.
 Have the managers ever had to actually 'step up to the plate' before? There was a female pitcher who was banned from MLB after she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig
 But I wonder if they "let her" as bad as it sounds because she was a female and also seventeen years old, much like letting children get a taste of winning. Wouldn't you?
 No idea. Could be. I hear there's some money in baseball cards though. SOme guy found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather's attic. Lucky!
 Wow, it's a good thing he knew the value of those cards when he saw them. I probably would've donated them or tossed them! Would you know their value if you came across an old stash like that?
 I'd probably do that as well too. I don't think I'm aware of any luxury phone makers. Are you? they even hire the London orchestra to record exclusive ringtones, sounds a bit 'excessive'.
 I had never heard that before. It does sound excessive. We seem to have come a long way since the rotary phone and simple telecommunication device.
 and yet still there is no correlation between cell phone bars and connection quality, I find that a bit difficult to believe.
 Soccer is probably the most popular, but there is also Canadian, rugby and even Gaelic versions!
 Wow! That's neat to learn. In the 60's, top bowlers made more than top football players!
 Interesting.    Nowadays, Emmys are given for innovations like digitally adding a yellow line to the field of play!
 I had no idea there was such as thing as an Emmy for that. I wonder what the category was called?
 Probably. Did you know Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises?
 That is pretty funny.     I cannot imagine most managers batting or fielding.
 Neither can I. There are 2430 MLB games per year!
 I read that there was a single married couple who did the scheduling until ten years or so ago.
 Yes! They did it for 24 years! That takes a lot of organization. 
 I wonder if they do scheduling in a similar manner in Japan?
 I don't know. Apparently baseball is super popular there!
 I heard that many fans do not even know of its American status.
 I believe that! Did you know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his career?
 I didn't know that phone cables just lay on the ocean floor! Seems like they could get damaged. 
 The same goes for Internet cables!     Something to think about next time you use your iPhone.
 Did you know the visiting locker room at University of Iowa is painted pink?
 woah! why do you thnk that is?
 maybe it is for psychological reasons? or maybe just a fun thing to talk about!
 i know right? and back then, a pro bowler made more money than an NFL player!
 Yeah that is weird.  I wonder why.  I wonder if it was easier to get sponser and ads for bowling, like from beer companies maybe
 probably, the NFL was still pretty young at that time im pretty sure
 Wow, I learned recently that former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis did not fumble once during his career.  That is amazing with all the hits running backs take.
 what a great record to have on your name, he must be the only one who has done that im sure
 thats almost as impressive as the a married couple scheduling EVERY MLB game for 24 years. thats 2430 games!
 That is impressive, who knew baseball scheduling might be the key to a long and happy marriage.
 Lol,  hey, did you know that baseball managers were uniforms because if necessary they can play for their team?
 I read that! do you think that has ever happened?
 imagine if that happened in the World Series and he did a game saving play? that would be one hell of a story
 No, I didn't know that.  Must be a good singer.
 Wow, that's impressive.  I read somewhere that the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our solar system.
 Hello, did you know that JFK, Wasington, and Jefferson where the the richest Presidents in American history?
 I guess if you take inflation into account, maybe not.  Also, President Banana is what they called the first President of Zimbabwe.
 Lol, that would be funny.  Were you aware that the actual White House is smaller than the U. S. Presiden'ts guest house.
 Changing topics, are you a science person.  I know a lot about science.  One such fact is that the Sun is acutally white.  We see it as yellow becuase of atmospheric scattering.
 Well, then you will like that even thought the Sun is hot, a lightening bolt is 5 times hotter than the surface of the Sun.
 I am the opposite.  I do not like Summer.  A cool fact is that you could meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years with just one second of the Sun's energy.
 We need to learn how to travel faster.  Do you watch a lot of TV?  I do and love it.  I am a Simpson's fan.  I know that out of all the episodes, there is only one that they did not show or mention Bart.
 I would just like to tour it, right? I did not know that the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Interesting...
 I stream so much because I have 2 jobs and am not home very much. It is so convenient. My sons did watch Thomas the Tank on PBS and Ringo Star, Alec Baldwin, and George Carlin were all Mr. Conductors. I remember watching them.
 Did you know the sun is actually white. how crazy
 I did not know that. I also did not know that lightening is hotter than the sun. Imagine, people get struck by lightening!
 I just read that it is over 99% of the mass in our solar system.  Huge!
 I rarely watch as well.  But I do remember the kids were big into Thomas the Tank Engine on PBS.  The show was narrated by many famous actors; Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin each narrated more than 50 time.  Somehow I cannot visualize Carlin or Baldwin narrating a children's show given their very salty language!
 Yes, I do like PBS, I remember that show, I agree with you on Baldwin and Carlin. That is surprising. I can see Ringo Starr though.
 Yes, I do and think its a great idea! The sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years. Isn't that unreal!
 Good point.  I too think solar could have a major role.  But, we really need to advance our ability and knowledge in large scale energy storage.  As it currently stands, if you are on solar alone, then you are without power come nightfall.  Did you know that since 1846 when Neptune was discovered, it has only completed its 1st full orbit on July 11, 2011?
 Yes, It made me think of when people get struck! very scary! Aww a 100 year old live oak. That's too bad. Good for you though. Have a great day! Good chat!!
 Its kind of crazy to think about how cars use to have wooden trunks. Now we know why their called "trunks."
 I didn't know that! It's surprising to see how long we've come since wooden trunks! I mean cars have rear reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment! I actually can't believe people would equip their cars with flame throwers!
 It really blows my mind! Cars are so much safer now a days. It kind of a makes me laugh how a video game helped Jann mardenborough become a race car driver.
 I would save up enough money to pay in full! I hate having car loans or debt.
 Me too! So much care and costs to maintaining a car. Do you watch football? Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
 That is a difficult streak to beat! I also had no idea that there were so many different types and forms of football, Australia football has its own set of rules as does Rugby football and also Gaelic football. I still prefer the good ol' American football
 I agree! You know I'm learning a lot today. I grew up my whole life thinking dogs were colorblind, which is not true.
 Why did you think dogs were colorblind? I am learning a lot as well, they can also donate blood at dog blood drives, who knew there was such a thing!
 Yes, and I can't believe people play pranks on the poor animals! There have been numerous instances where the students have kidnapped the goat, why do you even want to kidnap a goat for!
 haha, agreed, and also, it seems like that would have a negative impact on team morale especially if they were losing
 Yeah I saw a youtube video of that once. Pretty interesting. Also contrary to popular belief dogs can indeed see colors!
 That is so cool! Also kind of interesting that there are 12 different blood type that a dog may have.
 True! Yes cars are so awesome and often taken for granted I think. Just in the 20th century they came into global use!
 I rarely do too! I am on the internet mostly and can pull up anything I need. Like Netflix etc. Were you a fan of Pokemon?
 I was. There have been over 750 episodes of pokemon! I wonder who has the time to watch all of them
 I know, lol, I don't. My goodness TV is not on my list. I didn't realize Ringo Star narrated in the show Thomas the Tank Engine !!
 I did not know that either! I believe that George Carlin and Alec Baldwin also have narrated Thomas!
 And I do not think the US have done good at the world cup ever since. The city in which the world cup is taking place in has not even been built yet.
 I see, I bet you like Hockey. I love Hockey, Go to the games here. Very exciting!! In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players in the US.
 I do enjoy hockey. Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action? That is not a lot.
 No, it can get boring, especially if you don't understand the game. lol
 Hello. Did you hear about Bob Beattie dieing? He was 85
 I do like it.  I saw the highest scoring game was 222-0 in 1916
 Really? Wow, amazing just like soccer in some countries is considered football. So many different types!
 Awesome! I think FIFA is amazing, The USA got 3rd place in the 1st fifa world cup series way back in 1930! Amazing!
 I have indeed heard about that, very exciting. What is also interesting is how nobody that host the Olympic games have never had any economic gains, I guess it is exciting to have the Olympics world cup held in your country!
 That is hard to believe worth all the tourist coming to see the games.. the US got 3rd place in the first FIFA games
 ExqcExa. I like the in the comfort of my home. Did you know there was only one episode of the Simpsons in which Bart wasn't seen or mentioned
 When South park aired it's family Guy episode fianle the producers received flowers from the simpsSim crew
 Wonder why? They made over 750 episodes of pokemon
 Hi! Did you know football can also mean a lot of other things, in certain places, sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union)
 Bowlers? Wow! I am an avid football fan and have tuned into some jaw-dropping games, but the most notable is in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. How is that even possible!
 That's impressive. Did you know that the city which is set to host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup final does not yet exist!
 I did not know that, that was a long time ago and the American team has never placed below third place since 1991! I had no idea FIFA has been around for so long. 
 When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew. Does that mean South Park has ended?
 Have they won an emmy for those episodes? ESPN has won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
 bye
 they sure are. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone?
 how about in 2002 when a Creed concert was so bad, the fans filed a lawsuit against the band?
 that would be crazy for that to happen, especially to a fan of his
 Yeah it makes absolutely no sense. Macron was actually kind of agreeing with Trump in that Europe should garner greater defense capabilities to take some of the burden of the US!
 Interesting fact....did you know jupiter sometimes has such strong radio storms that it can be picked up on our A.M. radio stations? Lol, I don't know how one would know it's jupiter...
 Since we are talking about albums, concerts, radio and music did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?? That made me laugh.....
 That is hilarious, I wonder what they sound like. 
 I never really got into Southpark though I do like the SImpsons. There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart doesn't appear and is not mentioned.
 No, I haven't watched in a while. Pokemon is another thing I haven't watched in a long time. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 Right? One day I decided to put on old episodes of Sesame Street for my kids because I remembered that they were better than the current ones. But once I did I could not stand how blurry they were! I was like yikes, how did we watch that?
 I agree. Do you ever watch TV on your cell phone? It's amazing what smartphones can do these days. One iphone has more computing power than the whole US nuclear icbm deterrent.
 Interesting. I still remember using the rotary phone! New York's area code is 212 because that is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
 Good morning, how are you?
 I'm not sure why it wouldn't be 111, but who am I to judge? I 'm a veteran, so the fact about why McDonalds added drive-thru windows has a little extra meaning!
 You're welcome! I can't wait get home and have my daughter try the separating two phonebooks trick. I think I knew that already, but it's nice to be reminded about things like that.
 It's amazing and frightening, lol! How about Jann becoming a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in a video game? I didn't realize it would necessarily translate to actual driving!
 I enjoy Marge's sisters the best. I can do a perfect impression of them, lol. I think it's funny that the 70's show tanked in the UK. I never watched it myself, but it was wildly popular here in the US.
 Most likely. People are crazy.  I was reading about the man in New York who bought a property that had a barn full of classic cars. That would be heaven for us.
 I think she just snapped. It happens. Mine would be from not realizing there was an icon on next to the pump symbol, that tells which side your gas tank is on.
 I see.  I thought it was Ford, a US car manufacturer.  I guess I was wrong.
 It may have been. I live in Ohio, and never realized that it was illegal to warm up my car in the winter.
 Is there such a law in Ohio? That is a strange law.  Tell me more about.
 How could they be so lucky to get that number? 
 Exactly! I guess that the assistant was having her first child which is also a factor in the lawsuit. I guess the poor girl had to work 7 days a week most of the time.
 Oh, that changes things for sure. I am not sure that I see Laura Ingraham keeping an assistant more than a day whom she was not happy with.  
 Sure is! Too bad the drive thrus kind of backfired and made a lot of Americans very lazy, haha
 Yeah, maybe we have to go back to the time before cars. It's surprising to believe that cars were just available to the masses only a little over a century ago. Before that most people walked and took animal drawn carriages and carts.
 Yeah, I even remember using the phonebook. Did you know it's impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped?
 Yeah prob seems like nothing compared, great point!
 Oh really? I thought it was canceled right away? People over her and over there must have a different sense of humor.lol. I liked Thats 70s Show myself though.
 I have not. What about yourself?
 I recently have visited. Did you know the white house has a twin building in ireland and france?
 I think I read that somewhere. Did you get to see the solar panels?
 Did you know the Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PHD?
 me too! And the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR
 all of shakespeares plays have been adapted in to film except one!
 hey I know a little bit about fdr, I guess he was the last US president to speak a foreign language fluently
 ah I'll have to look him up, have you ever been to guatemala? in that country close relatives of the president can never run for office
 no I didn't know that, seems backwards, did you know that in total about 5 presidents have been elected even though they lost the popular vote?
 wow that is very primitive tech, I like knowing though that the very first phone number was for the white house, and that number was 1 haha
 ya that seems like a lame xmas haha, interesting that Carter put all the thermostats in the white house to 65 in the winter, that also sounds like a sad xmas haha
 oh nice, ya thats crazy there is more than one, its cool too you can mail a birth announcement to the white house and they will send a reply!
 ya I watch it from time to time, I used to watch shark tank until I learned it was fake, what about yoU?
 hello how are you? did u know The last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr
 65 is still quite warm... when You live in NY and have to pay for oil, 65 is a luxury ! How hot is in Your house ?
 I don't get that one... what do You mean ?
 hold on... any American could dial "1" and would be calling white house ?
 Oh that's cool - did the guy who built it need any permissions to do that ? I wonder...
 great talking to you! 
 Very deliberate indeed but why? Also there are over 700 episodes of Pokemon!
 Oh yeah cool. Looks like Alec Baldwin and George Carlin also narrated the show!
 That would be interesting! Speaking of the president, the guest house at the white house is larger than the white house itself.
 That is very scary and I bet someone lost their job over that lol. It was nice talking with you today! Bye!
 That's surprising.  JFK is one of the top three, although I don't recall anyone criticizing him for his wealth, which also got from his daddy.
 I think back there were less eyes on the personal lives of the president. Like even George W Bush has solar panels installed when he was living in the White House. A fact that no one seems to bring up
 that seems ridiculous to me. almost as ridiculous as the White House still using floppy discs to store data
 Technology lives longer than anyone expects.  I was surprised that television moved from analog to digital.
 i suppose the huge advances can be somewhat credited to how much advertises rely on tv to reach their customers
 that's awesome to me, such unrelated people all ding the same show. Pokemon has over 750 episodes which is a crazy amount of content to have
 Did you know that Woodrow Wilson is the only US President to have a PHD? I thought our presidents would be more scholarly.
 The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. I wonder what language he spoke? 
 Indeed it was! That is such a weird coincidence that he was in it.
 John Adams, in 1800!
 I've heard that. There's also a replica stateside in Atlanta which was built as a private home.
 I'm not sure who built it. I'd like to see it though. Jimmy Carter actually had solar panels installed on the White House...and Ronald Reagan had them removed!
 Yeah I would say so! I guess he also ran the website Breitbart, which is a very conservative website. And Trump tried to downplay his contributions I guess.
 Wow that is surprising! I think the other three are JFK, Jefferson, and Washington right? They must have taken inflation into account
 Yep that's true. Have you ever visited the white house before? Do you know what the Guesthouse is? Apparently it's bigger than the White House itself
 Oh wow that's interesting! I think that Jimmy Carter put them on initially, then Megan took them off, then I think George W put them back on actually, I'm just shocked that the White House still uses floppy disks, now those are outdated technology!
 If I were in France I would probably check it out. It's probably not as busy as the real White House. Do you remember when it took the Secret Service realized that the White House had been shot at. They finally found thebullet holes 4 days later
 I agree with you! Did you ever see the episode where South Park was making fun of Family Guy? That one is so awesome, and then afterwards the Simpsons creators sent South Park Flowers
 Woodrow wilson was the only phd and president.
 He must be talented.  Lincoln was photographed with John wilkes booth. How strange.
 Wow. I wonder why? 5 presidents have lost the popular vote but still wond the presidency.
 HA! Can you imagine trump and hilary trying to work together? Seems odd.
 I was thinking exactly the same thing.  They would probably physically wrestle every day.  
 Yeah! Weekend update was on SNL's first episode? I had no clue!
 I feel like of all the fruits, banana is the most disrespectful.
 President Apple sounds acceptable. President Banana seems like they are making fun of him. President Starfruit is ok, just no banana.
 What, he was shy or something ? ;) lol
 Yeah I always found it weird how they naturally just start dancing to music. I wonder why.
 Wow I didn't know that. very different backgrounds, yet both Smith and Brady are without a doubt impressive players.
 So surprising. Females are allowed to play too there is no written rule against it.
 Yes I am not sure sounds unfair. The NFL also uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move!
 Yes you are right! They track the speed, velocity, rotation, and location!
 Oh yes that is interesting. Although I have never heard of the dance variation hong kong cha-cha!
 Ballet Dancers go through 4 pairs in a week!
 Unbelievable! Remind me never to buy pointe shoes because they are not durable!
 Oh yeah that one that allows him to do that extreme lean? I always wondered...
 Yes, Parrots too.  Take care.
 Isn't that crazy? The ones I know, don't get paid that much.
 Oh, thats really interesting. Im a little surprised that in total there is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay. I thought it would much more! 
 Yea, given the draining clock, that makes sense. 11 brutal minutes though between commercial and commentary.
 I was going to say, QB's excluded. They get paid a lot of money and Kirk sure did get paid. Im a KC fan so im wondering how Mahommes will get paid after his rookie contract is done. 
 Im all for a guy getting his championships but it did make the even very lack luster. Although its kinda funny that a guy who was never started in high school ends up with 6 rings. 
 He's smart, though not overly athletic. OFten QBs are the  opposite of that.
 I agree. You can look at Cam Newton who is so large that he doesnt need to play smart football to win. Maybe all that Halo 3 that Mayfield is playing will help the browns out! 
 Ive heard they are good for mental quickness. Saying you can beat anyone at your whole university is pretty surprising. 
 Yeah, hes really turned that team around. Hopefully they can keep it up! Have a good day! 
 I don't think so.  He's a smart guy though.  He took so many ap tests in high school that when he got to college he entered as a Junior and received his bachelor's degree in two years!
 No but I do know that engineers have higher average lifetime earning than an average nfl player
 That's interesting, I'm surprised Tom Brady has never thrown himself a touchdown, although his high school jv team never started him despite not winning a game or throwing a touchdown
 Yep I would imagine it was a lot more exciting than that game haha. But yes you're right, the Super Bowl is a little bit boring, but then again the average NFL game only has about 10 minutes of actual gameplay
 LOL you're right about that haha. Another crazy thing is the way the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are treated. I don't think it's right that they have to leave a restaurant if a player is already inside
 I know right? I wonder if that's for all cheerleading teams or if that is specific to the Saints? Do you know anything more about that? I do know that technically females could play for the NFL, maybe one day all of the cheerleaders will be men and all of the players will be female haha
 Yeah I just don't know. I could see it happening though. But one thing that is for sure is that an engineer will earn more than either in NFL or MLB player over their lifetime which I think is kind of wild
 It is, but when you break it down, the engineer can work a lot longer than the athletes, thus has more years of earning potential.  There is one rocket scientist coach in the NFL, his college fight song was crazy, including 6 digits of Pi.
 Yep I agree with you. One thing is that in Canada they don't call kickball kickball. They call it soccer-baseball. that sounds really stupid to me haha
 I know right! That's so impressive I wonder what happened to her. What other cool thing is that a baseball manager can actually play for the team if they're needed. That's why they were the uniform
 Maybe because of the risk of the game- I certainly wouldn't want to try it. And that's news to me, I thought there were at least a couple more
 I watch every so often. But not as often as Japanese people do. It's very popular there.
 On a side note, do you realize that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
 Probably likely, but you'd think there would at least be a kicker.
 I think it's cool the NFL uses tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. They can gather all kinds of stats like that.
 Like I said before, plenty of time to stand around.
 Yeah I do. Not so much the Mets but I think it's funny Tebow almost played on opening day for them. 
 Yeah exactly. I also like the NFL and wish Tebow stayed in that league. Crazy that the first NFL game was played back in 1932.
 Yeah my team is the Seahawks. you? Russel Wilson is the man and he still is under an MLB contract!
 Yeah sure is nice to have options lol. Kellan moore is the only left handed QB in the league currently.
 Yeah most of the plays must be centered around being right handed. Baseball is popular too with over 160,000 bats used in an entire season!
 Yeah Ichiro was one of my favorite players and still is! The cubs was the first team to win back to back world series.
 They did lose 222-0 what a humiliating loss, I would retire of football after a loss like that one
 Maybe if they had gotten it for the price of only $75 million, they'd still be a company. It's valued way more now.
 Lucky you.  I can't believe that the 3 richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson.  How does one make such a comparison?  How do you compare horses and cows to limos and jet planes?
 No I haven't.  Wow, that sounds crazy.  Did you know that that Google's self driving cars have an "aggressive" mode?  They must use it in city traffic.
 Tom Brady is also pretty smart but not his JV coach who never started him despite the team not winning a game
 Oddly in the nfl there is only one left handed qb, Kellan Moore
 I read that too. He completed 130 of 179 passes for 1,176 yards and 7 touchdowns.
 Yes - he was working on his masters degree when he was drafted!  Many players never even complete a BA
 Yes - at least football players get paid more now - in the 60's bowlers made more!
 Yea, he was really old, 90, I'd be lucky to live that long
 Yea, he worked all over the place to and wrote a book in 1966
 What kind of book did he write/
 Oh my mistake, theres so much he has done
 No, thats wierd, like how do they even know there is a guy with a dummy on the radio
 I don't know.  But also, the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr
 That's surprising, did you know jfk was one of the most wealthiest presidents?
 yes, interesting .  In guatemala close relatives of former presidents can't legally run for president. Takes out the whole line to the throne concept.
 The only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson too that's a fun fact
 Yes, could be
 Yeah, I probably could! I just learned that the three wealthiest presidents are jfk, washington and jefferson. I'll have to Google that to confirm. 
 Yeah, I would love to be a guest there.
 In Nevada 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US Government. I hope they are taking good care of it.
 Completely insane! So, I know our current President gets a lot of flack, but the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana! I wonder if that was a compliment or an insult?
 So so. DId you know trump is not the wealthiest president in us history?
 Between jfk. washington and jefferson, one of them.
 yeah. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?
 I wouldn't have guessed that! I guess it would make sense if the president needs to have a lot of political guests.
 was that the president of indonesia? That is so cool.
 I know I guess it is better the way that things run now. 
 I know, they even published documents that show how the government was planning to destroy them.
 that website would be my dream then! I hope you like Canadian bands if you ever go to Canada. 40% of all radio music there must be from Canadian bands
 I had heard about that, I wonder how the heck they figured out that that would work for them, that's some real MacGyver stuff right there 
 thats true, did you know that he wouldn't be in the list of top three richest presidents of all time
 ya, its apparently JFK, Jefferson and Washington, this list must be adjusted for inflation
 haha ya that is wild, did you hear about the president of zimbabwe? His nickname is President Banana, does he have a VP names Plantain? haha
 Oh wow, I wonder if the CEO wanted to renounce his citizenship since the US government publishes the full names of people who chooses to renounce their citizenship. 
 I heard on the radio this morning that there have been five presidents that have won the popular vote but still lost the presidential election, do you think that deters people from voting?
 The Windsor Chapel, the site of their marriage seats about 800 people, so not sure he was invited. But May said she wasn't responsible for invites.
 It was questionable whether Obama and his wife would be invited to the wedding as well.
 Harry when interviewed by BBC said he didn't want to ruin the surprise of who was invited.
 You can use just a razorblade and pencil to make a simple radio like the soldiers in wwii made if you don't have one.
 They must have been geniuses.  Take a guess at who the three wealthiest presidents are.  Do you think Trump?
 Is that because of his hair or skin?  I never quite got that.  I guess his guest house is bigger than his house house. 
 I'm just wondering how they compared a limo to a horse. Weird that before 1805, the runner up in a presidential election was made the VP.  That would mean Hillary and Trump would work together!  WOW
 It may be BLM land leased to farmers and ranchers?  Funny that Wikileaks published plans  of the gov't plans to destroy them.  We should hire Wikileaks to do the work of the CIA and FBI. 
 Yep!  It's wild that soldiers in WWI could make a radio from razor blades and pencils.  I could make a drawing of me cutting myself.
 Yeah, I've been thinking about getting XM but I don't drive that much.  I may, as an alternative, invest in buying the Eiffel Tower.  There's a guy in France that' sold it twice.
 AREA 51! Just kidding, I do not believe in that. Like I would not believe someone trying to sell me the Eiffel Tower.
 I do too. Wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy Wikileaks.
 I think that's funny too. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?
 I bet lol. In 2006, the US passed a law protecting the government employees from being prosecuted from violating the geneva conventionsl.
 Oh wow that's crazy. In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest. 
 Yea I love the radio. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be heard on Earth.
 I bet it's very boring lol. In Canada, all radios must play at least 40% of the music from Canada.
 Well, on a lighter note, the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums which I think is quite funny.
 Hi, Yes. I listen to a lot of political radio shows.
 At the same time, we can pick up radio storms from Jupiter, they are strong enough.
 That's interesting. I think a lot of changes have been made in general with presidents. In the US, the vice president used to just be the runner up. 
 Oh I'm sure he would. Speaking of Trump, it's amazing he isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents in history.
 Probably. I can't imagine 3 having more actual dollars than Trump. Apparently he wants to create his own "news" network since he hates CNN so much. If he did that he'd probably drop further on the list.
 I don't, do you? He just threw NATO into chaos too.
 I'll admit he does some good things and some bad things, but every president has been there haha. That is very interesting! 
 Haha that is too funny. Do you know who were the top three wealthiest presidents?
 They were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I wonder how much money they had!
 Maybe it is who knows. I think if Trump released 3 pop albums in office like the President of Indonesia, he'd be the wealthiest lol.
 Maybe it's a good thing they went away with that. I'm sure Hillary wouldn't like the situation.
 I'm sure! Do you like to listen to the radio?
 I didn't know that! They probably have to play a lot of Beiber because of that lol.
 I think it is Washington, Jefferson, and JFK. I wouldn't have guessed those three.
 I think we have our own unique president though... The guest house is bigger than the white house!
 Me too! Plus, who wants to hear their president sing? Did you see where in 1805 the runner up was the VP?
 Do you listen to the radio? There is a website where you can listen to old classic radio... kind of cool.
 That does surprise me.  I would think Trump would make the list for sure.  I think countries where the president is mainly ceremonially, such as royalty, would have a hard time listing their wealthiest presidents. 
 Well that is interesting.  I had no idea.  Maybe we could all have bigger houses if the U.S. government did away with income tax like Monaco.  
 I am thinking it must have been.  I wonder if it was as interesting as Tom Wolfe's books, like the "The Right Stuff" and the "Bonfire of the Vanities?"
 It seems to be pretty effective, I'm surprised there hasn't been more coverage on the Night Wolves paraded through Crimera
 That's really cool and so innovative. Not sure if it is as innovative as say a president releasing pop albums while in office!  LOL
 Hello! I think government is interesting, they can have too much power though. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
 On the other hand they get played sometimes, I remember a man once impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower twice.
 Governments aren't all terrible though. A decade ago the norwegian government donated money to help save the rainforest.
 My grandfather told me they made them just using a razorblade and pencil, I can't imagine how they'd do that!
 Evidently, the French President is really into it as an activist. I heard that it did not go so well with him because his environment minister resigned.   
 What? I wouldn't care for that if I were him! I heard this the other day that the runner up in the 1805 election automatically became the VP.
 Yes, I do too! Its a great way to pass the time, and it does keep you updated on the latest!  Did you know Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up on am radio?
 Very Strange, Some of the stuff that is reported is unreal!  Like the name President Banana for the first  name in Zimbabwe!
 No, I don't! interesting. Think he's too busy to make any pop albums! lol Good chat!!
 I know people can be very inventive, but making a radio out of a razorblade and a pencil is pretty cool
 That is shocking that sort of "censorship" if you will, is still allowed.  I guess they are jamming out to Celine Dion all day.
 Ahh, very good point.  I didnt think about land ownership as being part of it.
 Probably not.  I love the freedom we have in the United States especially when you look at China and realize that the word censorship is actually censored!
 Yes, the radio used to be such a useful communication device, especially for entertainment.  Shockingly, a ventriloquist was one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s!
 Haha, I know it is wild!  All that advancement and back about 70 years ago half the allocated music time on radio was dedicated to Bing Crosby recordings!
 Haha, totally.  We just have career politicians now, with the exception of Trump.  In fact, only one US president has ever had a PhD!
 Haha, good point!  Speaking of rich governments, Monaco was able to get rid of their income tax all the way back in 1869 because the casino was generating so much revenue. 
 hey did you know the guest house is bigger than the white house itself
 lol no that definitely sounds dangerous. Did you know the indonesia president maked pop records, can you imagine trump doing that?
 ya I guess you can pickup Jupiter radio storms on your AM radio, Ill test that out later!
 ya I dont know who likes hanson haha, have you donated money to help the rainforest? Norway donated 1 billion dollars
 Really, that is wonderful. Yes, I would.
 one thing I wouldn't do is try to sell the eiffel tower like some impersonator did
 ya that is a scary pic, did you know the Presidential runner up used to become the VP?
 Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? I guess that didn't work out so well.
 That is true. They're always seem to be up to shady stuff, just like in 2006 they passed legislation that would protect Government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Conventions. 
 I guess so, why can't our government do good like the Norwegian government? In 2008 they donated $1bn to help save the Amazon rain forest!
 Our government waste money on things like making the president's guest house bigger than the White House!
 I do not. But there is apparently a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin. 
 Did you know the only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson?
 I did not know that. I would think there would be a higher education standard for US presidents.
 I would think so also. In Guatemala, close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president.
 That is very interesting. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while running in office.
 That's hilarious. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop star?
 Haha for sure. Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration. 
 I think Trump will probably be on that list as well. 
 I bet he is. 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. 
 I agree - that would be crazy. The last US president to speak a foreign language was FDR.
 That is very strange. Did you know the Chinese government has censored the word censorship?
 Yes, isn't that crazy! I would like to hear that!! Soldiers in WW2 made radios out of razor blades and pencils
 Not sure, they called them foxhole radios. Did you know in Canada, they have to play at least 40% Canadian?
 I know never!! ha, There hasn't been a president who wasn't either a democrat or republican since 1853. Seem like a long time ago!
 Nice!  A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice!  lol
 haha thats one I don't know, but I do know that if trump made 3 albums with his friend kanye that would be insane!
 haha ya isn't the guest house bigger than the white house itself? I'd rather stay there if its bigger than haha
 that is crazy do you know how that works exactly? I also watn to tune into AM radio and listen to Jupiters radio storms haha
 haha good point, that is scary, and yes the top 3 are washington, jefferson, and jfk somehow
 Yeah too bad. There is a lot when it comes to politics and government really. Apparently the government owns 86% percent of the land in Nevada
 Yeah, well, most of it is desert land so I don't know. 
 How do you get away with that twice. He must have been a mastermind
 Yeah. US now protects it workers from persecution if they go against the convention of geneva
 Yeah. In canada in order to stay in operation radios are required to play 40% of canadian music
 I wonder how many listeners they have.
 I want to know what language that was! Sometimes I like listening to foreign music on the radio. It's not as easy in Canada though because 40% of the music has to be Canadian.
 true. soldiers in WWII used to make radios out of razorblades and pencils
 Yeah me too but there is a radio in Finland that gives the news in latin
 I'm surprised they have an audience. If they're not careful they may need a government bailout...JP Morgan style
 so cool. and there is a radio station that plays free radio dramas. do you like those?
 Why even have the Geneva convention?  Wow, some con man in France sold the Eiffel Tower twice!
 That's cool of them.  That is a lot of money for Norway.  Meanwhile, the president of Indonesia released 4 pop albums. 
 So do you follow Prince Harry and Ms. Markle? I don't get why people get so crazy about a royal couple.
 Not sure of his name. I'm also not sure what branch he was in though.
 Radio? Is that the technology that uses those crazy radio waves to carry information, like sound and stuff?
 Oh wow, I wonder what they would have to say about government, it is that system or group of people that govern an organized community, often called a state. I wonder if they have governments on Jupiter.
 Not unless wikileaks publishes their plans to go there and colonize it. The US only brings democracy where there is oil, so I'm sure there is a ton there.
 wow that is scary, good to know that norway donated 1 billion dollars to the amazon rainforest though
 It is nice to hear of a government doing something positive.  The government can be quite complicated.  Usually it consists of legislature, executive and judiciary.  I can see how things can get very confusing very quickly.
 oh ya for sure, imagine the complicated scheme the guy who sold the eiffel tower used, he sold it not once but two times haha
 Wow, that is amazing.  How can someone even manage to pull something like that, and twice?
 Yeah, ironically Wikileaks is who published that.
 Wasn't the President of Zimbabwe called that?  You think that is weird, did you know the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums, while in office.
 haha you'd think so, maybe he should make a pop album, he could call it president banana and vp plantain! haha
 That's funny.  I cannot imagine how someone can run a country and release albums.  I don't know how they would find the time.  Of course not all Presidents have the same amount of power, it depends on the country.
 yes I agree, can you believe the runner up used to become the VP in the USA? That is so wacky
 If I remember correctly it was JFK, Washington and Jefferson.  I am surprised it was presidents from long ago and not more current.  
 I know and I was surprised Trump was not on the list, very strange!
 Can you believe that the Guest house is actually bigger than the white house?  I would like to see that since the white house is huge.
 ya I need to go back and see it, I only was there once back in middle school
 yeah, I was surprised Trump was not on that list, that list has to be from before 2016
 Yeah, that's funny. I wonder if you get into trouble for criticizing the the presidential music? Maybe get caned in Indonesia 
 yeah, that's lot of desert and secret military bases
 think he sold it to the same sucker?
 I was just reading about the fox hole radios, just need a razor blade and a pencil, that's pretty interesting as well.
 Yes I usually listen to YouTube myself. But I did hear that you can listen to a radio Storm from Jupiter. I think it's on the am Radio. I need to try that
 Yep that's what I heard too. I also heard a guy tried to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. That is insane haha
 Yes but probably smaller than Margo Largo!  Even though Trump is not one of the 3 wealthiest presidents.
 Wow that is crazy!    I did not know you could make simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil - soldiers in WWII did such things!
 That's pretty funny.  I prefer Canadian music over the news in Latin like they play in Finland.
 Mount Vernon is a place you can still tour today. It's a whole plantation! Nice talking with you
 hey did you know the university of iowa painted the rival team's locker room pink? haha
 ya that's a good point, maybe the pros will paint their bowling ball pink as well? haha, I guess the highest football score ever was 222-0 isn't that crazy
 haha I would like to see that on TV, people that create things are always interesting like the guy who created the football huddle, he was deaf and did it to prevent the opposing team from seeing his hand signs
 haha no that sounds like it would have been a wild performance to see, I wonder what kind of music babies like best, apparently they will dance and smile when they hear a beat
 ya, I'm bad at dancing, definitely not as good as Bruce Lee who apparently won a dance competition back in 1958
 ya, also tough on your body is the Michael Jackson leaning device that he used, it used wires and apparently Jackson has a patent on it
 I am not sure. The circular huddle used in the NFL was invented so the opposing team could not see the hand signals.
 I never imagined Bruce Lee to be a dancer until I learned that he won the kong cha cha championship back in 1958!
 No I did not. Professional ballet dancers can go through up to four pairs of ballet shoes a week!
 Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that can be used to achieve a lot of lean.
 yeah they didn't even start him once on his high school team.
 yeah that's too bad. I think part of the reason I gave up on football was I never had a fair shot because I'm left handed. Even now there is only 1 left handed qb in all of the nfl.
 No unfortunately not. I remember when the old RFK hosted a triple header of HS games. It would have been so cool to play on that field.
 Radford hit a crazy final shot to get into the NCAA tournament
 Wow I didn't know Bruce Lee was a dancer! I only knew him as a great martial artist.
 That's crazy, football players make much more now.
 I didnt know that, that is an interesting fact just like why the managers also wear uniforms
 I see, it must be hard to win the Heisman trophy he had 40 touchdowns in the season that is amazing
 I bet they do that for mental intimidation, wow, I never knew that. I am not a big sports person. I guess many people love football. How about you?
 I never knew that either. I can not recall seeing a manager ever play before but it may have happened. There is a lot I do not know about sports and sports trivia. Do you have any baseball card? That man found 3million dollars of old cards, wow!!! 
 ah yeah I did hear that, I'm also shocked that he lives in teh White House and not the Guest house, the Guest house is apparently bigger!
 That is a strange, but true fact. Apparently he has been making up numbers for all sorts of things. Back in 2010 he made up numbers for how well The Apprentice was doing.
 I watch a fair share and pokemon is a show that my children love. Did you know that there is over 750 episodes of pokemon.
 thats crazy! Even if I watched 50 a year for 16 years Id probably never catch em all! haha
 Very clever. Another animated show that I used to watch as a kid was the Simpsons. I can't believe there has been one episode where Bart wasn't in it and wasn't even mentioned.
 That is crazy, but what is crazier is that the simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers.
 That was definitely spot on unlike that 70's show remake days like these that was cancelled after only 10 episodes.
 Who doesn't he was such an amazing actor. Another amazing actor though is Alec Baldwin and he narrated some Thomas the Tank episodes which is really cool.
 that is cool, I don't know about Ringo Starr, I'm not sure why they had him narrate I don't even know what he sounds like
 Maybe not them, but probably Robin Williams. It's crazy that Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated movies.
 ya he kicked off a trend thats for sure, did you know Judge Judy makes 120k an episode, now there is a job I want!
 That is crazy, but it's probably not easy to get into doing that. It's probably easier to just become a regular judge. I can't believe that she's one of the highest paid celebrities. 
 no me neither, only second to Lebron James apparently
 Hey how's it going? What are your thoughts on the Trump administration so far? He definitely may go down as one of the wealthiest. The top 3 wealthiest are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Yeah true. At least Trump isn't a pop artist. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office lol.
 Yes very true. I always thought it would be nice to be a celebrity. Make so much money. Judge Judy makes 123,000 per episode!
 Holy cow that must be nice. It is always sad when celebrities commit suicide like Robin Williams. He did the genie voice in Aladdin and was the first actor to do that!
 Yes, use every bit of it. I love when celebrities try and do good. Carol Burnette was the first celebrity to appear on the childrens series Sesame Street.
 Hi! I certainly can't believe he isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents of all time as that was Jefferson, Washington and JFK. What about you?
 Agreed. Since we're on the subject of presidents, can you believe that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? 
 He must be onr popular musician, right? And here in America, the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
 Indeed it has! Can you also believe Judge Judy is the highest paid celebrity behind LeBron, making  $123k per episode? That is shocking!
 That's really cool. In England, they made a verbatim remake of That 70's Show. Seems like a lot of jokes would get lost in translation. 
 Thank God the system is different now, there would be so much trouble in the White House, fights every day
 I am a big football fan but i did not realize the average NFL games has only 11 minutes of live action.
 I'm sure your right. The northern Georgia community of Cleveland doesn't off them anymore either
 Yes the volleyball team even switched to gray t-shirts until replacements came in
 That has to be huge. 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.
 What was the name? President Lincoln was the first president to be photographed.
 Yes booth was in the picture that he was photographed in!
 Ah, I just have your standard canary. It is legal in south Africa to equip your car with a flame throw. Insane right?
 Yep. The three horizontal lines on the menu of apps are called the hamburger button.
 And..... That would be Trump. I heard that Trump loves burgers and consumes up to 12 diet cokes a day!
 Ah, yeah, the first president of Zimbabwe. Who knows?
 I don't know, but lots of presidents have weird facts, like the president of Indonesia that released 3 albums while in office.
 Oh really, he should do something about the white house's size. The guest house is bigger than it.
 Oh, I wanted to go see that! Now I'll have to! I do follow Presidential history. Do you?
 Oh, okay that sounds super cool. I like that alot! I usually watch the show Thomas the Train with my kids.lol
 haha omg, ya and then he got a lot of pushback in the industry apparently after that
 haha I want that station too! I wouldn't listen to classical latin though like they have in Finland
 yup I agree, except for canadian music haha they require 40% of the radio to be canadian
 Really? That is interesting! I guess they want to give Canada credit for their own music. I hear there is a website that you can listen to free classic radio dramas for free
 yup they used a pencil and razor, don't know how that works htough
 ya I loved it as a kid, did you know theres like 800 episodes now?
 Wouldn't that be something? 188 jobs. I always thought he only worked at the plant!
 I got two in the mail the other day! They were meshed together and I could not get them seperated! I do use a phone book, surprisingly!
 Wow, I had no idea that was a thing. I've never heard it! haha
 Yeah I live in Michigan, so I'm actually closed and I have heard Canadian radio before. Apparently 40% of Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin, I can't think of any good Canadian artist, so that doesn't sound too appealing to me haha.
 Well I didn't know that. I'll have to check that out. Do you speak classical Latin by the way? There's a station in Finland that plays classical Latin news on the radio
 Yes I think it was the fastest number actually, do you have an iPhone or an Android phone by the way? IPhones have more power then the entire nuclear deterrent of the United States, I'm sure that Androids are about the same
 In what circumstances was she raped ? Do You know ?
 really ? how can You prove that You did it ;)
 It's a pretty funny name, I wonder if that was his actual name or a nickname?
 my kids watched it. No wonder I thought it was endless!
 Ahh ok. What do you think days like these was cancelled after 10 episodes?
 For me it is so amazing how the world works. Still don't understand how can the moon slows the earth rotation?
 We are doing that. Creating our own destruction. Don't know how a day had 5.5 hours and now 24
 I am no science, but I guess so.
 I did not realize that. I did not realize the distance between the earth and the moon. You could fit all of the planets in the space in between and still have room. 
 Yes, It is a television variety show. I like it very much.
 I think his father died with the title of President so he cannot have it.
 That is so weird to me! According to the North Korean Teacher's guide, he learned to drive at age 3. Somehow I don't believe that. Haha
 It's hard to believe that he isn't even one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents in history.
 agreed...nice talking to you, good night
 Hi how are you doing?  This is a super funny fact: The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 That is funny. Isn't it amazing how people rate President Trump? One man characterizes it as short term pain for long term gain with the tariffs.
 Yeah.  did u know The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
 Are you an NFL Fan? Can you believe that there are only 11 minutes of play time? A game on TV is usually 3 hours!
 I had never heard that before! I also did not know that an engineer would average more lifetime pay than either an NFL or MLB player! 
 Yes it was probably from slavery actually. I'm just shocked that Trump is not in that list. Also I'm shocked that the president of Indonesia is not in that list because he released three pop albums while he was President haha
 For sure, I'm not sure what they count. I think that 11 minutes seems to be long? From whistle to whistle can't  be that much time. Pretty crazy though! You know there's a rocket scientist as a coach in the NFL/
 I can tell you that one Hobby I don't have is visiting North Korea haha. Kim Jeong Hoon really scares me and it's funny to me that no one actually knows how old he is
 Oh wow that's cool! I never knew that, I also never knew that you learn to drive at Age 3, that seems very dangerous
 I do follow politics. He has a degree in physics!
 what kind of looney kills his uncle? I guess my family is normal or not weird so he might have had a reason.
 Come on China! What do your guys look like where you think he is the sexiest man alive. There has to be a hanging chad conspiracy in that election...
 Wow!  We have more actors and reality stars than drs. Isn't that a crazy stat?
 He's got a ton of hole in ones too. I think they lied a little bit about him haha. His older brother was spotted at an Eric Clapton concert, that's pretty funny.
 Ha, that is not bad for a little fat dictator that was born in 1983.
 It's been fun chatting with you too, I hope you have a good rest of the night!
 Hello,  did you know the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while president?  Thats pretty crazy.  
 lol ya like bieber, celine dion, Rush, I don't know anything after that, I wish I could make a radio out of a razor and a pencil like they did in WW2, I wonder how that works
 yeah that is really clever,  I dont even know how a rdio works lol 
 well apparently myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook back in 2005, it was only for 75 mil, I bet they're kicking themselves now
 haha very dumb, did you hear that the like button is illegal in that one German state, like I wonder why? how could an internet button be illegal haha
 Yes, I have been to Indonesia. I hear he doesn't only do his presidential duties though, he also is a musician?
 Haha, I think it would be interesting but probably not the best idea. I thought Trump was one of the richest presidents but maybe not.
 Yeah I thought that too. It's shocking that it's actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. You would think that Trump would be up there, I wonder if this is adjusted for inflation?
 Right, I bet it did adjust for inflation. Maybe the list is outdated too. Do you follow Trump on Twitter?
 Yeah I use Facebook a little but try not to as much. It's cool that Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook. Maybe I would use it more if we did something like that.
 Ha! Well that would be useful for me. Maybe we need to ban Facebook. Facebook's like button is illegal in Sclewig-Holstein.
 That is interesting. I wonder why they banned it. Can you believe that Myspace turn down an offer to buy Facebook, only seventy-five million seems like a bargain today, but how would you know that back in the day
 Haha that's a good point. What's weird is that Facebook is blue for a reason. It's because Mark Zuckerberg is actually colorblind, and so he can't really distinguish between the colors red or green
 Oh, well that makes a lot more sense. Sometimes I wish we could go back to the simple days of listening to the radio. I'd like to learn how to make a foxhole radio like WWII soldiers did.
 Yeah I wish I knew how to do that. It would be useful to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade haha I don't even know how that's possible, they sure were talented back then
 Sounds like a fair law to me.  The video of a guy attacking a woman in Paris went viral.  
 That's one way to keep from going to jail. It's interesting that trump isn't among the wealthiest presidents. Even JFK is richer than he.
 His dad did more than that, and so have the Kennedy family. They are worthy of the praise. Washington is richer than he is though.
 I did not. He passed in the early 80's. He would have loved those, though. along with the Finnish station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.
 Agreed. There's even a website you can go to to listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio!
 I prefer to listen to music online. speaking of which, there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 I haven't yet. speaking of classical things, a finnish radio station broadcasts a weekly news program in classical latin.
 Interesting. that sounds like it would be annoying, haha. if you are in canada, all radio need to have at least 40 percent of the music played be canadian.
 yeah, speaking of music from foreign countries, the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
 i have heard jfk, washington and jefferson so i guess that accounts for inflation.
 I would feel rich if I were staying in the president's guest house. it's bigger than the white house!
 Speaking of odd things relating to presidents, Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role once because he didn't have the "presidential look" according to an entertainment executive.
 Yeah, and I believe he was a successful actor too. Bill Nye got his break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest
 Yes, I did. I had the original, which only could display 54 colors
 The comedian?  Yeah - and I'm a fan of his musical albums!
 What the????  THAT'S house Bill Nye got into entertainment!  I have to go look this up - thanks for the info.  Have a wonderful day!
 Yeah, exactly. Any other workplace, and the offender would be out of a job instantly.
 Yeah, things have definitely become more simple. I wouldn't know where to start making a radio if I just had a razorblade and pencil on hand.
 Hello! Do you like entertainment like movies and music?
 It really does. Did you know Bill Nye got his start in a Steve Martin lookalike contest?
 Yeah surprising. Looks like JFK, Washington, and Jefferson take the cake!
 I wonder who the President was that decided the guest house should be bigger than the white house itself?
 Me too. I think he has 3 albums that have been released! 
 That would be a bad name though lol. It probably sounds better than Jupiter's radio storms!
 I bet so too! I don't understand how a razor blade and pencil can make one.
 I agree! Have you ever listened to radio dramas? There is a website where you can listen to them all for free.
 So complicated! Speaking of complicated, Canada's laws says the radio needs to be at least full of 40 percent of songs by Canadians.
 What, why? It's just a restaurant, a public place. What could go wrong?
 Then he was drafted first overall. Amazing!
 That same year a Utah basketball player was drafted number 1 overall too. First time that happened and UTAH did it!
 That is right. Baker Mayfield once considered quiting football to become a professional gamer!
 Some good money can be made at that these days. How things have changed! In the 18th century, there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of reading novels.
 Wow. I just heard a podcast where magic the gathering players get $75K per year and then a share of whatever they win! Wow!
 The NFL has no rule against female players... WHo knew!
 Agreed. But I wouldn't be surprised if someday there's a female player. Did you know the NFL tracks player's every move via chips in their shoulder pads?
 I wouldn't be surprised either. There are some females on semi-pro teams. I know a girl who works for that chip company. 
 The stats and data that come out of that must be interesting! Crazy that during an nfl game there is usually only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 Ahh but it could still be seen as sexist. And you wouldn't expect it coming from the league that actually allows female athletes in general.
 Yeah that's surprising! I thought they make a lot more. I'm sure Tom Brady makes a lot. He probably deserves it, after going a winless season in high school.
 I didn't know that! A lot of quarterbacks are unique I guess. There's actually only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
 He was definitely beyond qualified to be a quarterback. On the other hand, Ronald Reagan once got rejected from a movie role because they didn't think he had a "presidential look".
 That's surprising! I'm sure that's by inflation though. A lot of things don't seem amazing but really are. Like the Nintendo entertainment system only displays 54 colors in theories but you'd never notice it.
 Really? I did not know that.  What a cool fact knowing what he has accomplished now. 
 I did not know that the NFL uses tracking technology in the shoulder pads of football players to record every move on the field. That is pretty amazing.
 hmmm another tid bit of information that I was not aware of.  You are full of useful trivia knowledge. 
 No.  Does it meant that players need a small surgery? 
 Yea, he took so many ap tests in high school and was already a junior when he entered college
 Seems like.  Supposedly it spilled onto the field and got caught on camera.  That and the stern talking to from dad, NFL Saints QB Drew Brees.  Its not too often normal life spills into professional sporting events or live TV!
 That is very true, and no I never heard that, but I'm sure glad he did!  It was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
 HAHA....it's all for fun. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing in the league?
 I was thinking kicker as well and that's probably about it. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
 I would think so too, but maybe not with all of the huddles and time in between plays.
 I did not know that. Very cool though.
 That's cool. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.
 I agree. It says they track ball speed, velocity, location, and other data points.
 Oh wow did not know that. What about Michael Vick?
 Hi yes I love entertainment! I like the NFL it's as good entertainment as it gets! The NFL has no written rule against girls playing!
 Yeah that is surprising...Football players actually don't make all that much money. Over the course of a lifetime, engineers make more!
 Yeah that is also surprising. And the NFL uses tracking chips on the players and the footballs.
 Oh that's cool. Hopefully to get information on how to protect players more. It is kind of interesting the New Orleans Saints cheerladers can't eat at the same restaurant as the players.
 Agreed. I also like to play video games and I used to have the original NES Nintendo. It only could display 54 colors but it impressed me!
 That's awesome! Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment exec said he didn't look presidential. Little did he know...
 That's a cool origin story of the huddle! The QB Alex Smith got his degree in 2 years in college because he took so many AP classes!
 Oh wow. Yeah now that I think of it all QB's are right handed. Tom Brady's highschool had a bad season when they never won a game or score a touchdown. Brady was the back up and he didn't even play! Hard to believe.
 Yes, I have heard of that!! Very interesting, 
 Wow!! That is quite surprising to say the least. 
 Now when I watch them do the hand signals, I will think of him!! Baker Mayfield loved that Halo 3 game!! In college he felt no one could beat him!  
 Yes, that would be Kellan Moore!! Can you imagine never tasting a strawberry? Tom Brady must have an allergy to it. Good chat!!
 I can see how that would benefit them but I find it odd that it was such an issue that it had to be made a law.
 I know, it's very sad! I realize now that I have heard of one song, but I did not know that Gerry Goffin and Carole King wrote it: "He Hit Me (It Felt Like A Kiss)". I'm surprised that they would write that song, I know a little bit about their story from the Carole King musical "Beautiful" and that was surprising.
 Wow, I did not know that, that's very surprising! I sometimes think about how often there are guest stars/cameos of celebrities. I especially found it funny when Daniel Radcliffe voiced Edward Cullen on the Simpsons' Twilight parody. Have you seen that episode?
 I am actually not sure who she is?  Was she an actress?  I was just reading about the fact that after WWII an improved version of black and white became popular.  
 Oh yes, thats a fun song.  Have you ever seem Thomas the Tank Engine?  I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated it for at least 52 episodes each
 LOL, I saw that their is only one episode of The Simpsons where Bart neither appears or is mentioned
 Yeah I didn't see that episode, I did see the one where South Park makes fun of Family Guy, did you hear that afterwards The Simpsons Creator sent them flowers?
 Oh wow that is funny.  I read that there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon.  Thats about 50 a year for 16 straight years
 I did.  I thought it was interesting that it was renamed and made verbatim in the UK.  
 Yep and then it was canceled after only 10 episodes lol they must have a different sense of humor over there
 Yes, exactly.  This is totally off the subject.  Something interesting I saw was that Mcdonalds added the drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues
 I think I saw somewhere that old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back
 LOL, yes that wouldve been bad.  I saw that the car brand cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac.  Long name.  
 Yep that's where they got the name for the car company Cadillac from, that guy founded Detroit, I'm actually from Michigan and I didn't know that haha
 Oh wow.  Do they have a Cadillac museum in Michigan
 Yes, I saw that Jann Mardenborough became a professional racecar driver by beating 90,000 people in that game
 Right!  I'm not sure if/when Simpsons will quit - being a cartoon makes it easy for the character to just keep going....  Seinfeld finale, as most great shows, was kinda disappointing!
 That, I had no idea - seems like a ton of shows for me to not have seen even one!
 Yes they did. Did you know a German by the name of Karl Benz Invented the mercedes benz?
 Yes i did learned about that!, 1886 was a key year for him and for the automobile industry!
 Can you imagine buying property and find a burn full of classic cars. How is this possible unless it was purchase from a millionaire?
 Wow that amazing, do you watch TV, if yes, what is your most watch show?
 I do not watch much tv, I did before, and sometimes watched the simpsons, what about you!
 i watch more youtube. Did you know that in the simpsons there is one episode where Bart is ignored!?
 I heard about it, but I only watched a few episode of the simpsons.
 Yes, that was shocking to me even known I wasn't a big fan of Pokemon, only the games, I like the game.
 Wow, it's hard to believe a cartoon show running that many episodes for so long, I can amazing how busy the cartoon artists were.
 Did you know WW2 soldiers made radios from pencils and razorblades?
 Weird since he is the star.  Thanks
 Same to you
 That would be cool. They storms are so strong. You have to listen to am 
 Yes. Isn't there a sight where you can get thousands for free.
 Yes after the French explorer who founded Detroit.
 You can put flamethrowers on your car in South Africa!
 Not too much. There are over 750 episodes of pokemon.
 I know I had heard that, I don't see what people find interesting about that at all. Do you?
 Did you know that there is only one episode in which Bart doesn't appear in?
 Oh wow I didn't know that. It looks like it only made it 10 episodes before it was cancelled. 
 Nice! I'm more into motorcycles, but like cars too. Did you know the trunk of your car is called a trunk because older cars actually had a wooden trunk in them>
 I did not know that. It's legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flamethrower to deter carjackings.
 My cadillac needs a few of those mounted on its hood for traffic in the city!  
 I've literally watched 2 episodes of Pokemon and never any of the real games. Do you watch much telly?
 Nice crossover, Ringo in Thomas the Tank Engine! Music is universal and mixes so well into all parts of life.  Speaking of which, I'll be seeing Sir Paul in concert this summer. It's the Beatles but it's close enough. I'm a big music fan as well, I always have some form of radio playing in the background.
 I really need to check out this Tank Engine show, it seems the happening place to be.
 Yeah, fast food definitely is a difficult job to do. Nice connection to the soldier comment too, the radio thing and what not. The soldiers building a radio out of a razor blade. MacGeyver stuff 
 Yeah, i dont think i could do that . When i worked at the radio i cant remember having to play any specific amount of US music. Funny. 
 Agreed. That Canadian law seemed a bit restrictive. I guess it is mostly there to ensure that their citizens are exposed to their own art. 
 I actually didn't know that he OR George Carlin narrated that. That's amusing considering George Carlin's general comedy. He probably would have seemed more at home on South Park when he was alive.
 Probably took the day off or something. Speaking of taking the day off, apparently there are so many Pokemon eps that you might actually need to take a day off to marathon it. 
 Almost as many as there are Pokemon! 
 Ah, i dont even know how many their are! You gotta catch em all! 
 Right. Whereas the people who care more about politics probably weren't even watching the show. It must be interesting to watch several guys vying for one girl's attention. One of the guys fell off a top bunk and ended up in the hospital
 That's pretty awesome. What's also funny is that in the 50s, the top bowlers made more money than top football players
 That's a lot of touchdowns! Especially considering how the points are calculated. There's a former Patriots player who never fumbled the ball in his career
 I've heard that! Another funny aspect of football is that the superimposed yellow line for the first down won ESPN an Emmy
 I think there's a difference between rugby and Australian rules football. There's even a variation known as Gaelic football
 I guess JFK, Washington, and Jefferson all had more money. I wonder if with Washington and Jefferson, they had to calculate the hundreds of years of inflation to figure that out
 I'm glad things have changed since then. It would be strange to live in a house knowing it would only last 4-8 years, but apparently the guest house is larger anyway
 Yeah and the university of Iowas locker room is all pink for visiting teams haha!
 Did you realize Kim Jong Un  was born in 1983?
 He's running a country while his older brother is going to Eric Clapton concerts. That doesn't seem right.
 I'm not sure. His half brother was favored to be the heir but fell out of favor when he was caught with a fake passport trying to enter Tokyo Disneyland.
 I wonder if his uncle was a barber. I heard he cuts his own hair because he is scared of barbers.
 It is kind of odd. I wonder if he watched Sweeny Todd? I heard that he is renovating their theme parks.
 That is right! It is good that him and Trump have been having talks. That hasn't happened in years.
 I hope so too. Did you know that the only US President to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson? I guess you don't have to be scholarly to be President. 
 That is pretty creepy!
 I agree. I didn't know there was a basketball court on the top of the US Supreme Court building.  Dunk one Ruth Bader Ginsberg! 
 Me either.  Times have changed with an NFL QB has to decide between football and video games.  Such is the plight for Baker Mayfield...
 I guess the most logical place for a women to start would be as a kicker. Since the average game has only 11 minutes of live play, the kicker must only play for about 2 minutes a game!
 He didn't lose a match, he was the only losing coach in their history. That means he never had a season where they won more than they lost. I guess you don't know much about basketball either.
 Right! That is funny, 'the highest court in the land'. That's a good basketball joke. I wonder if the justices actually play up there in their robes, Ha Ha!
 I enjoy reality shows.  Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank Engine?  I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have narrated 
 Yes, that would be neat.  I saw that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned
 Yes I saw that when they aired their last episode that the Simpsons crew sent them flowers
 Im not sure but I saw that the top three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
 lol, thats funny.  I saw though that the first president of Zimbabwe was ccalled President Banana
 I am not sure about that but that would be nice.  Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House
 That would be interesting.  Until 1805 in the US the runner up in a presidential elecction automatically became Vice President
 Wow that would have been an interesting match up.  LOL.  Do you enjoy music?  I saw something about two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when turned 100 years old in 1992
 I didn't know about that.  I just read that even though this album was released over 40 years ago "The Dark Side of the Moon" is still one of the best selling albums of 2014
 Did you know that Linkin Parks "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century.
 Interesting.    Was that when she won the prize for Creative Dissent?
 Nope, did not know that.     Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!
 No, who is he?
 That's interesting. I do know that Bob Marley has been on the album chart for 914 weeks.
 I never would have thought of that. I would've thought it would be Jackson or Elvis. That is one of my favorite bands. I am still shocked and sad the lead singer commited suicide.
 Floyd is another one of my favorite bands. Do you like Aerosmith? I heard they made more money from the video game guitar hero than any of their albums.
 I never had them. I had the 35s when I was really young as a kid. Did you know Walmart only sells clean versions of albums and if the artist won't make one they won't sell it?
 I had audio cassettes from the 70s into the first decade of the 2000s. But got rid of them too. I think it is neat that you can just tell Siri to play a song and she'll play the song. World is a lot different from when I was a kid.
 Wonder if an audiobook is considered an an album. If so the audio version of the Art of the Deal would be his. Don't think any other sitting presidents have albums.
 I was surprised that five US presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. The greatest margin was 10%.
 oh ya Pink floyd is awesome! I'm glad that ya dark side of the moon is still a best selling record even today
 well they made an album when they both turned 100, its a rap album and came out in 1992, it sounds wacky to me
 ya I want to watch that one episode of the simpsons, you know where bart doesnt appear at all
 yup, cancelled after only 10 episodes, thats embarrassing!
 I was very surprised too be honest there was a time where I didn't think we will make the playoffs because we kept loosing our away games.
 No I didn't know this but I was really impressed with Deshaun Watson this year. He beat the Dallas Cowboys in overtime back in October by racking up 415 yards. That's impressive!!!
 Wow I didn't know this. I heard somewhere that the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.
 Wow that is a lot of money.
 He got his bachelor's degree in two years!
 You know a lot about football.
 Good, just been doing some reading for fun. I typically read novels, which when they spread in the 18th century, caused a "moral panic"
 I'm not sure, but 4,700 words a minute is impressive. I'm glad reading hasn't become outdated though. US military branches have reading lists, and Starship Troopers is on three of the five lists, the first of sci-fi to make it
 That line seems so obvious now. I still don't know about winning an award for it.
 I'm a bit surprised that bowlers made so much money in the 60s. I guess more people knew the sports and there were sponsors or something.
 Yea pretty amazing for a guy that started out picking cotton and shinning shoes.
 Yea, I hope so as well. I know off topic but dis you know JFK, Washington and Jefferson were our richest presidents. 
 I thought so too. Maybe he became wealthy as a President? I wonder if the President of Indonesia is wealthy- they released 3 pop albums while in office!
 Haha very true. Did you know that a French man impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice!?
 Yes twice! Amazing. And speaking of bans, Wikileaks published the gov't's plan to destroy Wikileaks. Makes me feel like they have a lot to hide.
 A very long time! There is only 1 episode where Bart is never mentioned, or appears.
 Haha really? I didn't know that! I thought he always worked at the nuclear plant.
 Really! That's funny. Well, great chat!
 That's true. Very gravelly and engine like. It is crazy how far tvs have come even in just a few short years though. I remember watching cartoons in black and white. 
 That's why I can't sit and watch a whole game. I have to be doing something else at the same time. Too many breaks, and replays. I know a lot people like it, but it gets to be too much sometimes. 
 Oh, thats really amazing. I didn't know dogs could donate blood. 
 Well, I would  say no, especially if you are a fan win or lose, because for some reason they seems not to be able to make it to a superbowl these days.
 Hahaha, I understand, did you know the nfl uses tracking chips in their shoulder pads to record players movements on the field?
 It's amazing the amount of information they collect in sports now.  When I read reports about soccer they tell  you how far the player has ran, sprinted, pass percentages and such. They have heat maps to to show where they've been on the field too.
 I watched soccer also, I don't completely understand the entire rules and game, I do understand how the players score points.
 Yes, I read that too! I didn't know that they had blood drives though, did you?
 Yes, I thought it was black and white growing up.
 Yes, there is no rule against it! Good chat!!
 Yep I agree with you. What do you think about Kelly-Moore by the way? He's the only quarterback in the NFL who is Left-Handed which is crazy
 Yes Georgia Tech won, they beat Cumberland 222 to 0, definitely a blowout!
 That's insane! I wonder why the coaches didn't stop it? Then again, the U of IA has a locker room painted pink for their visiting team.
 I watch the Cavs, lol. I find it funny that there is a court in the Supreme Court building, and they actually call it "The Highest Court in the Land".
 Well I think their nickname is not a good one for the United States lol they call themselves the "All Blacks"
 That is really funny. James Naismith definitely should have practiced more, and maybe change the game so that he could win LOL
 Yeah, he might be the next Alex Smith or Baker Mayfield? Who knows because both of those quarterbacks are very accomplished. Alex Smith went to college early. He took so many classes in high school that he went super early.
 Man, thats crazy,really? I went to Kansas and James Naismith was the inventor of the basketball, that's the closest I have been to a famous college story.
 Noway, that doesn't seem right but it is a fact for sure. The highest paid state employees are coaches now thats not surprising.
 That's incredible. I guess that's why the coach is a JV coach.
 did you know football can mean different sports depending on what region you are in?
 That's pretty funny theres a court at the supreme court considering most of the judges are very old
 Who are some of your favorite quarterbacks in the NFL?
 Yes.  He is amazing.   Its funny - in baseball being left-handed can be an asset, but there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL.
 It seems like doing anything in sports will get you some notoriety, like ESPN winning an Emmy for the yellow line. Clearly I chose the wrong line of work
 I know! And he was not even the best manning!
 LOL! I don't really know too much about football and what I do know is a direct result of my husband and sons being die hard Steelers fans. Aside from food, I have no dog in the fight haha. I do know Iowa's visitors locker room is all pink, and I also know The Oregon Duck's have an amazing stadium. 
 I self-identify as a fat woman when in reality I'm 100 lbs soaking wet - - - Chili, beer, wings, nachos, and some spinach dip are what I'm doing this Sunday for the Super Bowl. Definitely not healthy but, tastey so I'm down for that! 
 Apparently the University of Iowa features pink locker rooms.
 I have never seen such a blowout. BenJarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled.
 ESPN came out with the yellow line on the televised field.
 They gave up 200 yards and missed too many tackles.  They just didn't continue the momentum they had.
 That's too bad.  Do you know there is no rule against female players.
 Surprisingly, though New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave a diner if they see another NFL player in the restaurant.  Unfair standards.
 I'm glad for the yellow line though from ESPN.  It helps a lot on calls in football. They won an award Emmy for it.
 I wish I was at the game where 222 points was scored in football back in 1916.  That would have been a trip at Georgia tech.
 You gotta pull the QB at 60-0, right? Speaking of emasculating, Iowa paints their visiting locker room pink.
 Sounds like another intimidation factor.  Bowlers made more than top football stars in the 60's.  That's crazy!
 How much does Elisha make? 
 His brother also plays and his dad played.
 Eli Manning and Peyton both were number one drafts 
 I'm not sure, but Manning played for University of Mississippi 2000 to 2003 and was first pick for San Diego but immediately traded to the Giants.  Lucky for the Giants.
 I know right! I can't believe that Georgia Tech was that much better. I would have left the stands once it got to 100 to 0 LOL
 That is really weird. Also I didn't know he was born in 1981. I've never heard the name Elicia before. also apparently he has a genius-level IQ
 Did you know that the NFL uses tracking chips in the shoulder pads? They can track the location and position of all the players as well as the ball
 Haha yep well as long as they don't take anywhere those home LOL. What do you think of the fact that the NFL game on average only has about 11 minutes of gameplay, that seems solo to me
 Not as bad as a 222-0 whoopin' georgia tech put on cumberland.
 I think it should be forced retirement if you lose by more than 200. You should never wear a uniform again. As I was writing that, I thought, where is cumberland anyways???? So they may have been forced into retirement...
 I don't think it works. I'm a Hawkeye fan and they seem to win more on the road haha.
 I'm not sure! I know they were started based off the name of Indian Packing Company!
 I know they paid for the Packers first uniforms if they named the team after them. Good move on their part since they've sold out every game since 1960!
 Thats crazy that it all takes so long. Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.Do you like football?
 Thats awesome! The green bay packers are named after the indian packing company, who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them.
 Wow how long a way they have come from barely having their uniforms to being a nationally recognized football team.
 I wonder why the new orleans saints wont let their cheerleaders eat in the same resturant as the players?
 Maybe they tend to get the crowd worked up? the NFL has 32 teams that play!
 Me too! Nice to talk to you today!
 Happy New Years! Do you like football? Did you know Aaron Jones carried the ball 17 times for 107 yards!
 Yes, I really like soccer. What a good move this man made
 Is that your favorite team?
 Well, I have many favorites, in fact I enjoy more to see the best ones than to rival them
 Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football. These different variations of football are known as football codes.
 Cool! Very interesting! It's crazy that the NFL consists of 32 teams! That's a lot. Football is amazing
 Yes, too much. Hey, what do you think about field football?
 Did you know the highest score of a football game was 222-0 that's crazy! Back in 1916. 
 Hahahaha yeah. They like to make them big rivals to provoke. Although everything is part of the show
 I would be curious to actually time that during some game.  I wonder why they chose to put chips in the shoulder pads?  They must be pretty strong to withstand the force on the field!
 Yes and beat by fairies..appropriate ;) .  Some things about this sport are interesting.  I couldn't imagine having gone to the Georgia Tech game.  A 222-0 score??  Did the other team even show up?
 Guess they think that is going to psych out the opponent.  I would think that would trigger them to play harder. Guess there are just some teams that don't feel the need for gimmicks to win or draw in fans.  If the Packers have been able to sell out ever game since 1960 and have a wait list for tickets 30 years out??  Wow.
 I saw that- talk about a great statistic!!  Do you know who he played for?  Name isn't familiar to me. I guess I also thought the Super Bowl went back further than 1960's 70's? 
 Yes that is crazy indeed. They are the only community owned not for profit franchise!
 I wonder that as well! But I think it's surprising they've been playing home games at Lambeau Field since 1957. That's a very long time!
 Yes that is very historic. They have sold out every game in that place since 1960!
 Wow that is cool. When did they switch to 100 yards? The footballers didn't always make so much money, in the 60's they were out profited by bowlers!
 Exactly. Good point. The formers Pats running back Green-Ellis never once fumbled the ball!
 Well if its the whole community then that makes things easier but I agree, there must be a lot of cash involved and every game is sold out.
 Yes it was created by the person who created the WWE, so it's kind of based on wrestling in a way, I guess it's coming back which is interesting because I think the NFL could use some competition
 Yep you're right about that. I don't know how popular will be so I don't know how much money they'll make but it is interesting that the salaries of the sports have changed over time like you mentioned
 Yeah they should definitely pay him a lot of money, he's amazing! Have you ever watched a game on the television? The yellow line that marks the first down is actually something that was developed by ESPN and they won an Emmy for it
 That is a very cool invention.  I thought the Super Bowl was boring this year but it had to have been better than the Georgia Tech win 222-0.
 Yep that game would have been a blowout and very boring haha. Good on Georgia Tech though, Cumberland fans must have been very disappointed that day
 I am not a big fan,  Apparently Abe Lincoln is a good wrestler though
 Yep he was really good at it, and so was the famous philosopher Plato
 That sounds really slippery haha. What do you think about Macho Man's outfit design? Apparently the same designer made clothes for Aerosmith and also Jimi Hendrix
 No definitely not! Apparently wrestling is very popular though, and they have Incorporated the moves into a lot of other hand to hand combat systems which is interesting
 Believe it or not, I know a bit about Gorgeous George, he's the guy who really defined being a heel: going around calling people "peasants" and trying to be the daintiest wrestler he could, having a valet spray perfume on the other wrestlers and the audience... hilarious stuff
 Yeah, I've heard about that.. I've been told back then bowling was a way bigger deal than it was now, they even had celebrity bowling shows and stuff.  Seems unfair that bowlers made more considering football is more dangerous, injury wise.  Did you know, there's actually no rule in the NFL barring women from being football players?  If they pass the requirements, that is...
 Oh man, can't imagine what a blow to one's self-esteem losing 222 to zero would be!  Especially crazy considering the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  I think after the first 100 points you'd be like, "Uh, can we just forfeit, please?"  LOL
 That's an impressive feat for just a season, let alone a whole career!
 I still try to keep up with WWE but it has really fallen off lately, the attitude era was the amazing back in the day but now they have the pg era and it is just really bad sometimes.
 Yeah it's tough because I can see why it's racist but on the other hand I can see why it's been that way for a long time and maybe it's not, I just don't know LOL
 LOL you're right about that. I just don't know why you would need to know the balls rotational speed, it seems like just knowing the players locations and speed would be enough
 They're definitely not making a smart decision! did you know that those huge American flags at football stadiums actually weigh like a thousand pounds
 Yeah I've no idea! And I also don't know why someone would pay $50,000 for one of those flags that's just too much
 Not familiar with wrestling at all.  Although I have read 1 thing I always thought.  The sport can either be "theatrical" or competitive.
 I like the turkish.  They wrestle in olive oil!!
 Seems like a waste of olive oil, they should use cheaper stuff, like the budget brand from the supermarket.
 Not much of a football fan here either.  Wasn't aware that there are no rules against females in the football league.
 Maybe bowling too, were we in the sixties it sounds like there was money in it, not sure about now.
 They are trying to get away from the WWE and I think this could come back to hurt them. They need something else to attract viewers, especially since the NFL is around. 
 I know. I was watching the Australian open and was amazed at the timeliness and speed of their challenges. Seems like the NFL has a ways to go!
 I think I knew that. I thin they won an emmy for it...
 Yes they did. I can't imagine watching a game without it. Since we discussed the Patriots earlier, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled a football his entire career. I don't know how that is possible. 
 Ha ha, that's funny. I can't believe that in the 60's bowlers made more than NFL players! I didn't know it was ever that popular. 
 I actually have never played.  I did see though that there are more possible moves in a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.  Do you think thats true?
 I read that the president of the world chess federation believes that chess was invented by aliens.  LOL
 I saw that the chess grandmaster Judit Polgar beat a family friend at age 5 without looking at the board.  Crazy!
 There's a grandmaster who was able to win a game without looking at the board at age 5
 Football has come a long way. Financially as well. Professional bowlers use to make twice as much as players
 Hmmm. Yes. I never knew that ESPN was against the Patriots, but they did really pump up Deflategate. Funny that ESPN is seen as a rival of the Pats when they are based in Connecticut. 
 Sports new can be a big distraction. Did you know that the Patriots were the NFL's whitest team?
 I would assume that them being white is just coincidence than someone contrived. 
 I was so mad when they were down to the Falcons a couple years back at halftime by 25 points. I never thought they would come back
 Probably the most amazing comeback in Superbowl history. In fact, I don't know if there's been a comeback in NFL history that has been so epic. 
 Good morning!  I follow the NFL very closely.  I am sick of the Patriots!  Hard to believe they were once lovable underdogs this century!
 It is crazy how dominant they have been.  15 AFC East titles in 17 years in a sport with that much free agency is just unfathomable!
 Yea, I would agree.  We will not see that again.  I did not know until recently Gillette Stadium is equidistant from Boston and Providence.  Always thought it was much closer to Boston.
 He was the coach for that game.  He has been the coach for the last 8 Patriots Super Bowl appearances, which is insane!!
 He is a great coach, I guess part of the succes of the patriots is thanks to him, did you know the Patriots also hold the record for more Superbowl losses in the NFL
 Yup, goes to show you how good you can be if you are fundamentally sound like the Pats are.  For example, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled once in his whole career!  What a stat!
 That sounds about right!  A fun fact that not too many people know, the Browns last playoff win in 1995 was actually with Belichick as the head coach! 
 yes did you know that at one point in 2001 they were the underdogs - the game now is amazing
 haha tat is funny, at this point they surely inspure envy and suspition with the scandals. but yes at one point brady was the 199th pick - can you guess the year?
 That's super shocking. No what year was it?
 2000 - he came from university of michigan. funny with a democratic state trump loves them because they are 'winners'
 They sure claim it. Did you know that in the 1960's top bowler's made more money than top football players? That's so strange. 
 i love those weird facts. like the giant american flags weigh 1100 pounds and cost 50,000 to make!
 He never fumbled a football in his entire career and he was a running back! I don't know how that's possible. 
 that sounds impossible! nearly as impossible is that th patriots have either won or lost by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries
 Those are close games. Here's a fact about high scoring games. The highest scoring football game was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!
 that is funny, poor cumberland. last playoff for cleveland browns was 1995 against the patriots
 no is it cool? 
 oh no! that would make me want to win more! atleast the stadium didnt cost 60 million to build like a highschool in allen texas
 That's insane. I wonder how they got that money. Especially if it's a public school. 
 I do like the Patriots personally. They do win all the time. Do you like Game of Thrones? The author of Game of Thrones does not like the Patriots apparently LOL
 Well I don't know exactly, but I do watch The Game of Thrones, and he says the Patriots are like the Lannisters. The Lannisters are definitely the bad guys in that show lol
 Haha yes I can agree with you there. Do you like the Buffalo Bills by the way? They are equivalent to the New York Patriots, in terms of Super Bowl losses haha
 Yeah that's true. I guess their last playoff win was back in 1995. that seems like so long ago!
 Wow that is almost a quarter of a centuary ago!
 Yeah that's true. have you gone bowling recently? Apparently bowling in the 60s, the top players made more than top football players, that's completely the opposite of now btw
 I do! I never knew about the Like button being illegal in Germany! Do you use Facebook?
 Do you watch American football, soccer, or rugby?  I didn't know an emmy could be won for a line LOL
 I would love to find the am station where you can hear the Jupiter radio storms. That's crazy!
 That's an amazing stat and he had one of the best nicknames ever, The Law Firm.
 I remember an NFL game where the two teams wore red and green jerseys. A lot of people who suffered from that complained because they could not tell who were on what team.
 Yeah this was a special game where they were testing Color Rush jerseys that were primarily one color. That's why so many people had trouble because there were no breaks in the color or noticeable logos.
 Isn't that the truth!  What was the reason behind a female only shopping spree?  I hope it wasn't nefarious 
 Interesting!
 Like you said - nothing these days about the Commonwealth of Virginia surprises me any more!  That's amazing
 Starbury is a good dude, he played here in Phoenix and did a lot of good stuff in the community and was pretty selfless.  This does not surprise me, and I think I heard about it a while back.  Thought he was still playing in China?
 I guess there's always a double use for everything every made in the world.  I wonder how these things are discovered?!?!
 Did someone walk a mile in someone's 5,000 year old shoes?  Great point, and they couldn't have been comfortable!
 Fashion for sure and the prices for some are crazy - I've seen "designer" sneakers for $500 - that's ridiculous!
 I think it was in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!  Crazy!   No mercy for the other team!
 Did you know that professional bowlers in the 1960s made 2 times more than current football stars? Bowling must've been real popular then.
 Oh I see, thats interesting, Trump is rich as hell or so it seems that way. 
 Yeah it's true. They do look real calm. I feel like I would be freaking out if I were in that position.
 Me neither. But some people must like it since they made 750 episodes!
 I have. I heard it was remade in the UK and got cancelled!
 That's true. I didn't realize that. 
 I don't think so. Haha. Cesar learned about chickens as entertainment in Britain. 
 Strange because chickens are so tasty. 
 I heard the guest house is bigger than the White House itself. I guess they have a lot of visitors. 
 That's true! It used to be that the runner up of the election became the Vice President! That would never work these days. 
 That many! I went to a big ten school and they had maybe 100 people at the games. It was sparce...
 Not at Illinois... There was a guy who found $3M in baseball cards in his grandpa's attic!
 I did. It was Cumberland that lost. I do not know how it is possible to score that many points in a game. 
 Apparently. In the 60's bowlers made more than football players. I can't imagine that bowling was ever that popular. 
 Or maybe football players didnt earn that much to begin with, have you ever been to the University of Iowa? turns out the visiting team locker room is completely pink.
 Wow, it does not seem like that long. Since I mentioned The Simpsons earlier, there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned. With as long as that has been on that's so shocking. 
